=== RJF_2025-11-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A - Risk Factors of this Form 10-K for additional discussion of the risks related to our regulatory environment. The following summarizes the principal elements of the regulatory and supervisory framework applicable to us as a participant in the financial services industry. The framework includes extensive regulation under U.S. federal and state laws, as well as the applicable laws of the jurisdictions outside the U.S. in which we do business. While this framework is intended to protect our clients, the integrity of the financial markets, our depositors, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Fund, it is not intended to protect our creditors or shareholders. These rules and regulations limit our ability to engage in certain activities, as well as our ability to fund RJF from our regulated subsidiaries, which include Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank (collectively, our bank subsidiaries ), our broker-dealer subsidiaries, and our trust subsidiaries. To the extent that the following information describes statutory and regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provisions that are referenced. A change in applicable statutes or regulations or in regulatory or supervisory policy may have a material effect on our business. 12 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index Banking supervision and regulation RJF is a BHC under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHC Act ), that has made an election to be a FHC and is subject to regulation, oversight and consolidated supervision, including periodic examination, by the Fed. Under the system of functional regulation established under the BHC Act, the primary regulators of our U.S. non-bank subsidiaries directly regulate the activities of those subsidiaries, with the Fed exercising a supervisory role. Such functionally regulated subsidiaries include our broker-dealers registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), such as Raymond James Associates, Inc. ( RJ A ) and Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. ( RJFS ), and investment advisers registered with the SEC with respect to their investment advisory activities, among other subsidiaries. We have two FDIC-insured depository institutions, Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank. Raymond James Bank is a Florida-chartered state member bank that is primarily supervised by both the Fed and the Florida Office of Financial Regulation ( OFR ). TriState Capital Bank is a Pennsylvania-chartered state member bank that is primarily supervised by both the Fed and the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities ( PDBS ). Both Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank are also subject to supervision by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) and the FDIC. We also have non-depository trust company subsidiaries including: RJ Trust, which is regulated, supervised, and examined by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ), and RJTCNH, which is regulated, supervised, and examined by the New Hampshire Banking Department ( NHBD ). RJTCNH provides IRA custodial services and trust services for our PCG clients. Collectively, the rules and regulations of the Fed, the FDIC, the OFR, the PDBS, the CFPB, the OCC and the NHBD result in extensive regulation and supervision covering all aspects of our banking and trust businesses, including, for example, lending practices, the receipt of deposits, capital structure, transactions with affiliates, conduct and qualifications of personnel and, as discussed further in the following sections, capital requirements. This regulatory, supervisory, and oversight framework can affect the operating costs and permissible businesses of RJF and our subsidiaries. As a part of their supervisory functions, these regulatory bodies conduct extensive examinations of our operations and also have the power to bring enforcement actions for violations of law and, in the case of certain of these regulatory bodies, for unsafe or unsound practices. Basel III and U.S. capital rules RJF, Raymond James Bank, and TriState Capital Bank are subject to the Fed s capital rules. These rules establish an integrated regulatory capital framework and implement, in the U.S., the Basel III capital framework developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as amended ( Dodd-Frank Act ), and other capital provisions and, for insured depository institutions, set the prompt corrective action framework discussed below (the U.S. Basel III Rules ). The U.S. Basel III Rules: (i) establish minimum requirements for both the quantity and quality of regulatory capital; (ii) set forth a capital conservation buffer; and (iii) define the calculation of risk-weighted assets. These capital requirements could restrict our ability to grow, including during favorable market conditions, and to return capital to shareholders, or require us to raise additional capital. As a result, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects could be adversely affected. See Item 1A - Risk Factors, Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and capital resources, and Note 23 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can trigger discretionary, and in certain cases, mandatory actions by regulators that could have a direct material effect on the financial results of RJF, Raymond James Bank, and TriState Capital Bank. In addition, failure to maintain the capital conservation buffer would result in constraints on distributions, including limitations on dividend payments and stock repurchases, and certain discretionary bonus payments based on the amount of the shortfall and eligible retained income. Under the capital adequacy rules, RJF, Raymond James Bank, and TriState Capital Bank must meet specific capital ratio requirements that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under the rules. The capital amounts and classification for RJF, Raymond James Bank, and TriState Capital Bank are also subject to the qualitative judgments of U.S. regulators based on components of capital, risk-weightings of assets, off-balance sheet transactions, and other factors. Under applicable capital rules, RJF would need to obtain prior approval from the Fed if its repurchases or redemptions of equity securities over a twelve-month period would reduce its net worth by ten percent or more and an exemption were not available. Guidance from the Fed also provides that RJF would need to inform the Fed in advance of repurchasing common stock in certain prescribed situations, such as if it were experiencing, or at risk of experiencing, financial weaknesses or considering expansion, either through acquisitions or other new activities, or if the repurchases would result in a net reduction in common equity over a quarter. Further, Fed guidance indicates that, pursuant to the Fed s general supervisory and enforcement 13 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index authority, Fed supervisory staff should prevent a BHC from repurchasing its common stock if such action would be inconsistent with the BHC s prospective capital needs and safe and sound operation. Source of strength The Fed requires that BHCs, such as RJF, serve as a source of financial strength for any of its subsidiary depository institutions. The term source of financial strength is defined as the ability of a company to provide financial assistance to its insured depository institution subsidiaries in the event of financial distress at such subsidiaries. Under this requirement, RJF could be required to provide financial assistance to Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank in the future should either bank experience financial distress. Transactions between affiliates Transactions between (i) Raymond James Bank, TriState Capital Bank, RJ Trust, or their subsidiaries on the one hand and (ii) RJF or its other subsidiaries or affiliates on the other hand are subject to compliance with Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation W issued by the Fed, which generally limit the types and amounts of such transactions that may take place and generally require those transactions to be on market terms. These laws generally do not apply to transactions between Raymond James Bank, TriState Capital Bank, RJ Trust, and any subsidiaries they may have. The Volcker Rule, a provision of the Dodd-Frank Act, generally prohibits certain transactions and imposes a market terms requirement on certain other transactions between (i) RJF or its affiliates on the one hand and (ii) covered funds for which RJF or its affiliates serve as the investment manager, investment adviser, commodity trading advisor or sponsor, or other covered funds organized and offered by RJF or its affiliates on the other hand. See The Volcker Rule in the following section. Deposit insurance Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank are subject to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act because they provide deposits covered by FDIC insurance, generally up to $250,000 per account ownership type. For banks with greater than $10 billion in assets, which includes Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank, the FDIC s current assessment rate calculation relies on a scorecard method based on a number of factors, including the bank s regulatory ratings, asset quality, and amount of brokered deposits. This scorecard method is designed to measure a bank s financial performance and ability to withstand stress, in addition to measuring the FDIC s exposure should Raymond James Bank or TriState Capital Bank fail. From time to time, in response to specific events, the FDIC may also enact a special assessment to recover any losses to the FDIC s deposit insurance fund as a result of protecting uninsured depositors. Prompt corrective action The U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991, as amended ( FDICIA ), requires the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies to take prompt corrective action with respect to depository institutions that do not meet specified capital requirements. FDICIA establishes five capital categories for FDIC-insured banks, such as Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. An institution may be downgraded to, or deemed to be in, a capital category that is lower than the category indicated by its capital ratios if the institution is determined to be in an unsafe or unsound condition or if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating with respect to certain matters. FDICIA imposes progressively more restrictive constraints on operations, management and capital distributions as the capital category of an institution declines. Failure to meet the capital requirements could also require a depository institution to raise capital. Ultimately, critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator. Although the prompt corrective action regulations do not apply to BHCs, such as RJF, the Fed is authorized to take appropriate action at the BHC level, based upon the undercapitalized status of the BHC s depository institution subsidiaries. In certain instances related to an undercapitalized depository institution subsidiary, the BHC would be required to guarantee the performance of the undercapitalized subsidiary s capital restoration plan and might be liable for civil money damages for failure to fulfill its commitments on that guarantee. Furthermore, in the event of the bankruptcy of the BHC, this guarantee would take priority over the BHC s general unsecured creditors. As of September 30, 2025, Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank were categorized as well-capitalized. 14 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index The Volcker Rule RJF is subject to the Volcker Rule, which generally prohibits BHCs and their subsidiaries and affiliates from engaging in proprietary trading, but permits underwriting, market-making, and risk-mitigating hedging activities. The Volcker Rule also prohibits BHCs and their subsidiaries and affiliates from acquiring or retaining ownership interests in, sponsoring, or having certain relationships with covered funds (as defined in the rule), including hedge funds and private equity funds, subject to certain exceptions. Compensation practices Our compensation practices are subject to oversight by the Fed. The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies have provided guidance designed to ensure incentive compensation policies do not encourage imprudent risk-taking and are consistent with safety and soundness. As required by SEC rules, we disclose in our proxy statements for each annual meeting of shareholders the relationship of our compensation policies and practices to risk management initiatives, to the extent that the risks arising from such policies and practices are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the firm. Community Reinvestment Act regulations Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank are subject to the CRA, which is intended to encourage banks to help meet the credit needs of their communities, with a focus on low- and moderate-income communities, consistent with safe and sound bank operations. Under the CRA, federal banking regulators are required to periodically examine and assign to each bank a public CRA rating. If any insured depository institution subsidiary of a FHC fails to maintain at least a satisfactory rating under the CRA, the FHC would be subject to restrictions on certain new activities and acquisitions. Other restrictions FHCs, such as RJF, generally can engage in a broader range of financial and related activities than are otherwise permissible for BHCs as long as they continue to meet the eligibility requirements for FHCs. Among other things, the broader range of permissible activities for FHCs includes underwriting, dealing and making markets in securities and making investments in non-FHCs, or merchant banking activities. We are required to obtain Fed approval before engaging in certain banking and other financial activities both within and outside the U.S. The Fed, however, has the authority to limit an FHC s ability to conduct activities that would otherwise be permissible, and will likely do so if the FHC does not satisfactorily meet certain requirements of the Fed. For example, if an FHC or any of its U.S. depository institution subsidiaries ceases to maintain its status as well-capitalized or well-managed, the Fed may impose corrective capital and/or managerial requirements, as well as additional limitations or conditions. If the deficiencies persist, the FHC may be required to divest its U.S. depository institution subsidiaries or to cease engaging in activities other than the business of banking and certain closely related activities. Broker-dealer and securities regulation The SEC is the federal agency charged with administration of the federal securities laws in the U.S. Our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to SEC regulations relating to their business operations, including sales and trading practices, securities offerings and other investment banking activity, publication of research reports, use and safekeeping of client funds and securities, capital structure, record-keeping, privacy requirements, and the conduct of directors, officers and employees. Financial services firms are also subject to regulation by state securities commissions in those states in which they conduct business. Our most significant U.S. broker-dealers, RJ A, RJFS, and SumRidge Partners, LLC ( SumRidge Partners ), are currently registered as broker-dealers in all 50 states. Financial services firms are also subject to regulation by various foreign governments, securities exchanges, central banks and regulatory bodies, particularly in those countries where they have established offices. Outside of the U.S., we have additional offices primarily in Canada, the UK, and Germany and are subject to regulations in those areas. Much of the regulation of broker-dealers in the U.S. and Canada, however, has been delegated to self-regulatory organizations ( SROs ), such as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) in the U.S., the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization ( CIRO ) in Canada, and securities exchanges. These SROs adopt and amend rules for regulating the industry, subject to the approval of government agencies. These SROs also conduct periodic examinations of member broker-dealers. The single primary regulator with respect to our conduct of financial services in the UK is the Financial Conduct Authority ( FCA ), which operates on a statutory basis. 15 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index The SEC, SROs, and other securities regulators may conduct administrative proceedings that can result in censure, fines, suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer, its officers, employees, or other associated persons. Such administrative proceedings, whether or not resulting in adverse findings, can require substantial expenditures and may adversely impact the reputation of a broker-dealer. Our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the Securities Investor Protection Act, as amended ( SIPA ), and are required by federal law to be members of the Securities Investors Protection Corporation ( SIPC ). The SIPC was established under SIPA, and oversees the liquidation of broker-dealers during liquidation or financial distress. The SIPC fund provides protection for cash and securities held in client accounts up to $500,000 per client, with a limitation of $250,000 on claims for cash balances. U.S. broker-dealer capital Our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to certain of the SEC s financial stability rules, including the: (i) net capital rule; (ii) customer protection rule; (iii) record-keeping rules; and (iv) notification rules. Broker-dealers are required to maintain the minimum net capital deemed necessary to meet their continuing commitments to customers and others, and are required to keep their assets in relatively liquid form. These rules also limit the ability of broker-dealers to transfer capital to parent companies and other affiliates. See Note 23 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information pertaining to our broker-dealer regulatory minimum net capital requirements. Standard of care Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC adopted a package of rule-makings and interpretations related to the provision of advice by broker-dealers and investment advisers, including Regulation Best Interest and Form CRS. Among other things, Regulation Best Interest requires a broker-dealer to act in the best interest of a retail client when making a recommendation to that client of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities. Form CRS requires that broker-dealers and investment advisers provide retail investors with a brief summary document containing simple, easy-to-understand information about the nature of the relationship between the parties. Our implementation of these regulations resulted in the review and modification of certain of our policies and procedures and associated supervisory and compliance controls, as well as the implementation of additional client disclosures, which included us providing related education and training to financial advisors. Various states have also proposed, or adopted, laws and regulations seeking to impose new standards of conduct on broker-dealers that may differ from the SEC's regulations, which may lead to additional implementation costs. Similarly, non-U.S. jurisdictions have also adopted regulations relating to standards of care. For example, on July 31, 2023, the FCA s Consumer Duty took effect in the UK. Among other things, the UK Consumer Duty requires firms to act to deliver good outcomes for retail customers with respect to products and services, price and value, consumer understanding, and consumer support. In April 2024, the Department of Labor ( DOL ) issued a final rule significantly expanding the definition of investment advice fiduciary under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. In related rulemakings, the DOL also finalized amendments to several class prohibited transaction exemptions ( PTE ), which exempt certain compensation arrangements that would otherwise be prohibited. In July 2024, two federal district courts separately issued nationwide stays of the effective date of the final rule and PTE amendments pending consideration of the merits. We are monitoring the legal activity while continuing to evaluate the impact these new rules could have on our business. If the rules become effective as promulgated, we expect compliance will require us to alter certain of our business practices and impose additional costs. Other non-U.S. regulation Raymond James Ltd. ( RJ Ltd. ), a wholly-owned subsidiary, is currently registered as an investment dealer in all provinces and territories in Canada. The financial services industry in Canada is subject to comprehensive regulation under both federal and provincial laws. Securities commissions have been established in all provinces and territorial jurisdictions, which are charged with the administration of securities laws. Investment dealers in Canada are subject to regulation by CIRO, an SRO under the oversight of the securities commissions that make up the Canadian Securities Administrators. CIRO is responsible for the enforcement of, and conformity with, securities legislation for their members and has been granted the powers to prescribe their own rules of conduct and financial requirements of members, including RJ Ltd. CIRO also requires that RJ Ltd. be a member of the Canadian Investors Protection Fund, whose primary role is investor protection. This fund provides protection for securities and cash held in client accounts up to 1 million Canadian dollars ( CAD ) per client, with additional coverage of CAD 1 million for certain types of accounts. 16 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index Certain of our subsidiaries are registered in, and operate from, the UK, which has a highly developed and comprehensive regulatory regime. These subsidiaries are authorized and regulated by the FCA and have limited permissions to carry out business in certain European Union ( E.U. ) countries, to the extent permitted under domestic law and regulation in those countries. The FCA operates on a statutory basis and creates rules which are largely principles-based. These regulated UK subsidiaries and their senior managers are registered with the FCA, and wealth managers and certain other staff are subject to certification requirements. Certain of these subsidiaries operate in the retail sector, providing investment and financial planning services to predominantly high-net-worth individuals, while others provide brokerage and investment banking services to institutional clients. Retail clients of our UK subsidiaries benefit from the Financial Ombudsman Service, which settles complaints between consumers and businesses that provide financial services, as well as the Financial Services Compensation Scheme, which is the UK s statutory deposit insurance and investors compensation scheme for customers of authorized financial services firms. In Germany, our subsidiary Raymond James Corporate Finance GmbH is licensed by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt f r Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, or BaFin ) to conduct the regulated activities of investment advice and investment brokerage. Among other requirements, BaFin requires Raymond James Corporate Finance GmbH, as a regulated entity, to comply with certain capital, liquidity, governance, and business conduct requirements, and has a range of supervisory and disciplinary powers which it is able to use in its oversight. Investment management regulation Our investment advisory operations, including the mutual funds that we sponsor, are also subject to extensive regulation in the U.S. The majority of our asset managers are registered as investment advisers with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 as amended and are also required to make notice filings in certain states. Virtually all aspects of our asset management business are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are primarily intended for the benefit of our clients. Anti-money laundering, economic sanctions, and anti-bribery and corruption regulation The U.S. Bank Secrecy Act ( BSA ), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 ( PATRIOT Act ), the Customer Due Diligence Rule, and the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 ( AMLA ), contains anti-money laundering and financial transparency laws and mandates the implementation of various regulations applicable to all financial institutions, including standards for verifying client identification at account opening, and obligations to monitor client transactions and report suspicious activities. Through these and other provisions, the BSA, the PATRIOT Act, and AMLA seek to promote the identification of parties that may be involved in terrorism, money laundering or other suspicious activities. Anti-money laundering laws outside the U.S. contain similar provisions. The U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control administers economic and trade sanctions programs and enforces sanctions regulations with which all U.S. persons must comply. The E.U. as well as various countries have also adopted economic sanctions programs targeted at countries, entities, and individuals that are involved in terrorism, hostilities, embezzlement, or human rights violations. In addition, various countries have adopted laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act, related to corrupt and illegal payments to, and hiring practices with regard to, government officials and others. The scope of the types of payments or other benefits covered by these laws is very broad and is subject to significant uncertainties that may be clarified only in the context of further regulatory guidance or enforcement proceedings. RJF and its affiliates have implemented and maintain internal policies, procedures, and controls to meet the compliance obligations imposed by such U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations concerning anti-money laundering, economic sanctions, and anti-bribery and corruption. Failure to continue to meet the requirements of these regulations could result in supervisory action, including fines. 17 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index Privacy and data protection U.S. federal law establishes minimum federal standards for financial privacy by, among other provisions, requiring financial institutions to adopt and disclose privacy policies with respect to consumer information and setting forth certain limitations on disclosure to third parties of consumer information. U.S. state laws and regulations adopted under U.S. federal law impose obligations on RJF and its subsidiaries for protecting the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of client information, and require notice of data breaches to certain U.S. regulators and to clients. The Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, mandates the development and implementation of a written identity theft prevention program that is designed to detect, prevent, and mitigate identity theft. The California Privacy Rights Act ( CPRA ) amended the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2020 and became enforceable in 2023. CPRA regulations updated existing privacy protections for the personal information of California residents, including by requiring companies to provide certain additional disclosures to California consumers, and provide for a number of specific additional data subject rights for California residents. Similarly, the E.U. and UK General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) imposes requirements for companies that collect or store personal data of E.U. residents, as well as residents of the UK. GDPR s legal requirements extend to all foreign companies that solicit and process personal data of E.U. and UK residents, imposing a strict data protection compliance regime that includes consumer rights actions that must be responded to by organizations. Canadian data privacy laws contain many provisions similar to U.S. financial privacy laws and are currently undergoing legislative reform at a federal and provincial level. Quebec enacted Bill C-64, a comprehensive privacy law with extraterritorial application modeled after GDPR which imposes fines for non-compliance and became fully effective in September 2024. In May 2024, the SEC adopted amendments to Regulation S-P, which includes a requirement for broker-dealers, investment companies, RIAs, and transfer agents to adopt written policies and procedures for an incident response program with respect to unauthorized access to or use of customer information. The final amendments require these entities to notify individuals whose sensitive customer information was accessed or used without authorization no later than 30 days after becoming aware that the information has been compromised. These amendments become effective on December 21, 2025 and are not expected to have a significant impact on our business. Certain U.S. states have recently enacted privacy and data protection regulation related to the development and deployment of artificial intelligence ( AI ). These laws intersect with existing privacy laws and present challenges for firms using AI-related technologies, particularly in cases where personal information is processed requiring notice disclosure and, in certain cases, consent for use of AI. The E.U. Artificial Intelligence Act, which has tiered compliance dates, poses further challenges for organizations in managing transparency, fairness, and accountability for AI use. Data privacy requirements affect business processes and compel companies to track personal information use and provide greater transparency on data practices to consumers. The multitude of data privacy laws and regulations adds complexity and cost to managing compliance and data management capabilities and can result in potential litigation, regulatory fines and reputational harm. We have implemented policies, processes, and training with regard to communicating to our clients and business partners required information relating to financial privacy and data security. We continue to monitor regulatory developments on both a domestic and international level to assess requirements and potential impacts on our global business operations. 18 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Executive officers of the registrant (which includes officers of certain significant subsidiaries) are as follows: Christopher S. Aisenbrey (56) Chief Human Resources Officer since October 2019 James E. Bunn (52) President - Capital Markets since October 2024; President - Global Equities and Investment Banking - Raymond James Associates, Inc., December 2018 - September 2024; Head of Investment Banking - Raymond James Associates, Inc., January 2014 - September 2024 Vincent Campagnoli (62) Executive Vice President, Technology and Operations since October 2024; Chief Information Officer, March 2013 - October 2024 Scott A. Curtis (62) Chief Operating Officer since October 2024; President - Private Client Group, June 2018 - September 2024; President - Raymond James Financial Services, Inc., January 2012 - September 2024 Tashtego S. Elwyn (54) President - Private Client Group since October 2024; Chief Executive Officer and President - Raymond James Associates, Inc. since June 2018 T.J. Haynes-Morgan (59) Chief Audit Executive since January 2020 Tarek Helal (46) Chief Strategy Officer since October 2024; Senior Vice President, Investments and Strategy Renewables, February 2024 - October 2024; Chief Risk Officer - Private Client Group and Capital Markets, May 2018 - February 2024 David Krauss (49) Chief Risk Officer since September 2024; Managing Director, Global Head of Market Risk and Investment Banking Chief Risk Officer - Credit Suisse, July 2023 - September 2024; Managing Director, Global Head of Market Risk and U.S. Chief Risk Officer - Credit Suisse, July 2020 - July 2023 Bella Loykhter Allaire (71) Chief Administrative Officer since October 2024; Executive Vice President - Technology and Operations - Raymond James Associates, Inc., June 2011 - September 2024 Jonathan W. Oorlog, Jr. (62) Chief Financial Officer since October 2024; Chief Accounting Officer, January 2023 - September 2024; Senior Vice President - Controller, October 2020 - January 2023; Senior Vice President - Financial Reporting, January 2020 - September 2020 Steven M. Raney (59) President - Bank Segment since October 2024; Executive Chair - Raymond James Bank since October 2024; Director - TriState Capital Bank since June 2022; Chair - Raymond James Bank, November 2020 - September 2024; President and CEO - Raymond James Bank, January 2006 - September 2024 Paul C. Reilly (71) Executive Chair since February 2025; Chair since February 2017 and Director since January 2006; Chief Executive Officer, May 2010 - February 2025 Jonathan N. Santelli (54) Executive Vice President and General Counsel since May 2016; Secretary, May 2016 - October 2025 Paul M. Shoukry (42) Chief Executive Officer since February 2025; Director since May 2024; President, March 2024 - February 2025; Chief Financial Officer, January 2020 - September 2024; Head of the Bank segment, including Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank, August 2023 - September 2024; Director - TriState Capital Bank, June 2022 - July 2024; Treasurer, February 2018 - December 2022 Except where otherwise indicated, the executive officer has held his or her current position for more than five years. 19 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Our Internet address is www.raymondjames.com. We make available on our website, free of charge and in printer-friendly format including .pdf file extensions, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our reports and other information that we electronically file with the SEC are also available free of charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . FACTORS AFFECTING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated savings, financial results (including expenses, earnings, liquidity, cash flow and capital expenditures), industry or market conditions (including changes in interest rates, inflation, and international trade policies), demand for and pricing of our products (including cash sweep and deposit offerings), anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisitions, and our level of success integrating acquired businesses, anticipated results of litigation, regulatory developments, and general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, projects, and future or conditional verbs such as will, may, could, should, and would, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Although we make such statements based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We caution investors not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements and urge you to carefully consider the risks described in Item 1A - Risk Factors of this report. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statement in the event it later turns out to be inaccurate, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in the following sections, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. The list of risk factors provided in the following sections is not exhaustive; there may be other factors that adversely impact our results of operations, harm our reputation or inhibit our ability to generate new business prospects. The following sections should be read in conjunction with Item 1C - Cybersecurity, Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In particular, see Item 1C - Cybersecurity for additional information on how we assess, identify, and manage cybersecurity risks and Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Risk management for additional information on our exposure and how we monitor and manage our market, credit, liquidity, operational, model, and compliance, and certain other risks. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY Damage to our reputation could damage our businesses. Maintaining our reputation is critical to attracting and maintaining clients, investors, associates, and independent contractor financial advisors. If we fail to address, or appear to fail to address, issues that may give rise to reputational risk, we could significantly harm our business prospects. These issues may include, but are not limited to, any of the risks discussed in this Item 1A, including appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, fraud perpetrated against our clients, ethical issues, money laundering, cybersecurity, privacy, record-keeping, sales and trading practices, and associate misconduct. In addition, the failure to either sell securities we have underwritten at anticipated price levels or to properly identify and communicate the risks inherent in the products and services we offer could also give rise to reputational risk. A failure or perceived failure to maintain appropriate service and quality standards or to treat clients fairly can result in client dissatisfaction, litigation, and heightened regulatory scrutiny, all of which can lead to lost revenue, higher operating costs, and reputational harm. Negative publicity about us, including information posted on social media or other internet forums or published by news organizations, whether or not true, may also harm our reputation. The speed and pervasiveness with which information can be disseminated through these channels, in particular social media, may magnify risk relating to negative publicity. Further, failures at other large financial institutions or other market participants, regardless of 20 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index whether they relate to our activities, could lead to a general loss of client confidence in financial institutions that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the financial system in general. Any cyber-attack or other security breach of our technology systems, or those of our clients or other third parties we rely on, could subject us to significant liability and harm our reputation. Our operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of sensitive and confidential financial, personal, and other information in our computer systems and networks. There have been numerous highly publicized cases involving financial services companies reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client or other confidential information in recent years, as well as cyber-attacks involving the theft, dissemination, and destruction of corporate information or other assets, in some cases as a result of failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third parties. There have also been numerous highly publicized cases where hackers have requested ransom payments in exchange for not disclosing customer information or for restoring access to information or systems. Like other financial services firms, we experience malicious cyber activity directed at our computer systems, software, networks, and users on a daily basis. This malicious activity includes attempts at unauthorized access, implantation of computer viruses or malware, and denial-of-service attacks. We also experience large volumes of phishing and other forms of social engineering (including through the use of AI) attempted for the purpose of perpetrating fraud against the firm, our associates, or our clients. This includes attempts by threat actors to impersonate our clients or associates, or to defraud our clients directly. In addition, clients may also share information (including information used for authentication) with third parties, which also may be a source of a potential cybersecurity incidents or fraud. These activities may occur outside of our systems but could still result in financial loss to our clients and potential liability or reputational harm to us. Additionally, we may face increased cybersecurity risk for a period of time after acquisitions as we transition the acquired entity s historical systems and networks to our standards. We also face increased cybersecurity risk related to mobile and cloud solutions or related to new and emerging technologies such as AI. We seek to continuously monitor for and nimbly react to any and all such malicious cyber activity, and we develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misuse, misappropriation, or corruption. Cyber-attacks can originate from a variety of sources, including threat actors affiliated with foreign governments, organized crime, or terrorist organizations. Threat actors may also attempt to place individuals within our firm, or induce employees, clients, or other users of our systems, to disclose sensitive information or provide access to our data, and these types of risks may be difficult to detect or prevent. Although cybersecurity incidents among financial services firms continue to increase, we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches. However, the techniques used in these attacks are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently, and are often not recognized until launched. Although we seek to maintain a robust suite of authentication and layered information security controls, including our cyber threat analytics, data encryption, anti-malware defenses, and vulnerability management programs, any one or combination of these controls could fail to detect, mitigate, or remediate these risks in a timely manner. Despite our implementation of protective measures and endeavoring to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software, and networks may be vulnerable to human error, equipment failure, natural disasters, power loss, unauthorized access, supply chain attacks, distributed denial-of-service attacks, computer viruses and other malicious code, and other events that could result in significant liability and damage to our reputation, and have an ongoing impact on the security and stability of our operations. In addition, although we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of cyber and information security risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses, such as litigation costs or financial losses that exceed our policy limits or are not covered under any of our current insurance policies. We also rely on numerous third parties, including service providers that utilize cloud technologies to conduct other aspects of our business operations, and we face similar risks relating to them. While we regularly conduct security assessments on these third-party service providers, we cannot be certain that their information security protocols are sufficient to withstand a cyber-attack or other security breach. We also cannot be certain that we will receive timely notification of such cyber-attacks or other security breaches. In addition, in order to access our products and services, our clients, independent contractor financial advisors, and financial advisors associated with firms affiliated with us through our RCS division may use computers and other devices that are beyond our security control systems. Notwithstanding the precautions we take, if a cyber-attack or other information security breach were to occur, this could jeopardize the information we confidentially maintain, or otherwise cause interruptions in our operations or those of our clients and counterparties, exposing us to liability, including potential financial liability for certain client losses arising from various assurances we make to our clients regarding such instances. As attempted attacks continue to evolve in scope and sophistication, we may be required to expend substantial additional resources to modify or enhance our protective measures, to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures or to communicate about cyber-attacks to our clients and/or regulators. A technological breakdown could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting and other regulatory requirements, exposing us to potential disciplinary action by regulators. Further, successful cyber-attacks at other 21 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index large financial institutions or other market participants, whether or not we are affected, could lead to a general loss of confidence in financial institutions that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or the financial system in general, which could result in reduced use of our financial products and services. Further, in light of the high volume of transactions we process, the large number of our clients, partners, and counterparties, and the increasing sophistication of malicious actors, a cyber-attack could occur. Moreover, any such cyber-attack may persist for an extended period of time without detection. We endeavor to design and implement policies and procedures to identify such cyber-attacks as quickly as possible; however, we expect that any investigation of a cyber-attack would take substantial amounts of time, and that there may be extensive delays before we obtain full and reliable information. During such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all of which would further increase the costs and consequences of such an attack. We may also be subject to liability under various data protection laws. In providing services to clients, we manage, utilize, and store sensitive or confidential client or employee data, including personal data. As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as U.S. federal, state, and international laws governing the protection of personally identifiable information. These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number. If any person, including any of our associates or independent contractor financial advisors negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client or employee data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates such data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines, and/or criminal prosecution. In addition, unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information, as well as information we collect from our actual and prospective clients, associates, and independent contractor financial advisors, whether through system failure, employee negligence, fraud, or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients and related revenue. Potential liability in the event of a security breach of client data could be significant. Depending on the circumstances giving rise to the breach, this liability may not be subject to a contractual limit or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages. Further, lapses in cybersecurity controls, as perceived by our regulators, could lead to fines and penalties compounding monetary losses. Lack of funding, liquidity, or access to capital could impair our business and financial condition. An inability to maintain adequate funding and liquidity to operate our business could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition. We have a contingency funding plan which would guide our actions if one or more of our businesses were to experience disruptions from normal funding and liquidity sources. If the available funding from one or more of our contingent funding sources is not sufficient to sustain normal operating levels, we may be required to scale back or curtail our operations, such as by limiting lending, selling assets at unfavorable prices, reducing or eliminating dividend payments, or limiting our recruiting of financial advisors. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by: any inability of our subsidiaries to generate cash to distribute to the parent company, liquidity or capital requirements that may prevent our subsidiaries from distributing cash, limitations on our subsidiaries access to credit markets for secured and unsecured borrowings, diminished access to the capital markets for RJF, and other commitments or restrictions on capital as a result of adverse legal settlements, judgments, regulatory sanctions, or an adverse change in our credit rating by one or more of the national rating agencies. Furthermore, as a BHC, we may become subject to prohibitions or limitations on our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders and/or repurchase our stock. Certain of our regulators have the authority, and under certain circumstances, the duty, to prohibit or to limit dividend payments by regulated subsidiaries to their parent company. The availability of financing, including access to the credit and capital markets, depends on various factors, such as conditions in the debt and equity markets, the general availability of credit, the volume of securities trading activity, the overall availability of credit to the financial services sector, and our credit ratings. Our cost of capital and the availability of funding may be adversely affected by illiquid credit markets, wider credit spreads, or our inability to pay a prevailing rate of interest that is competitive with other market offerings. Additionally, lenders may from time to time curtail, or even cease to provide, funding to borrowers as a result of future concerns over the strength of specific counterparties, as well as the stability of markets generally. Significant volatility in our clients cash sweep and bank deposit balances and higher costs in sourcing such balances could negatively affect our net revenues, our Bank segment s growth, and our regulatory capital ratios. We rely heavily on the RJBDP to fund our Bank segment asset growth. Any significant reduction in PCG clients cash balances swept to the RJBDP, a change in the allocation of that cash between our Bank segment and third-party banks within the RJBDP, a movement of cash away from the firm, or an inability to implement new or modified deposit offerings, could significantly impair our ability to continue growing interest-earning assets and/or require our Bank segment to increase reliance 22 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index on higher-cost deposit sources, such as the ESP and certain higher-yield RJBDP offerings to clients, or other sources of liquidity to support asset growth. Additionally, periods of higher interest rates have made and may continue to make investments in securities, such as fixed-income securities and money market funds, more attractive for investors, thereby incentivizing them to reduce their cash balances with us. We also earn fees from third-party banks on deposits they receive through the RJBDP. If PCG clients cash balances decrease further or third-party bank demand or capacity for RJBDP deposits decline from current levels, our RJBDP fees from third-party banks could decline. In addition, an inability to deploy client cash to third-party banks through RJBDP would require us to retain more cash in our Bank segment or in our CIP, both of which may cause a significant increase in our assets, thereby negatively affecting certain of our regulatory capital ratios. Any increase to the rates we pay clients can reduce our earnings. Such increases may result from competitive industry dynamics as well as changes to rules or interpretations governing the fees we earn on cash sweep balances. The ESP provides a high-yield deposit offering to our PCG clients and operates through a reciprocal deposit program, which allows us to place deposits at third-party insured depository institutions in return for deposits received by our bank subsidiaries. This program allows us to offer higher levels of FDIC insurance to our clients. If third-party bank capacity for reciprocal deposits declines, or we are otherwise restricted from participating in this program, we may have to reduce FDIC insurance coverage on such deposits, which may cause clients to withdraw deposits that exceed FDIC insurance limits from our bank subsidiaries. In such event, we may have to pay higher interest rates to replace them with other sources of funding, which could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. In addition, reciprocal deposit balances in excess of $5 billion meet the FDIC definition of brokered deposits. Such brokered deposits are subject to additional scrutiny from regulators, incur higher FDIC insurance costs, and may also be viewed negatively by our rating agencies, shareholders, and depositors, among others. We are exposed to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings, which could materially and adversely impact our business operations and prospects. The financial services industry faces significant litigation and regulatory risks. Additionally, our litigation and regulatory risks continue to increase as our business grows both domestically and internationally. Many aspects of our business involve substantial risk of liability. We have been named as a defendant or co-defendant in lawsuits and arbitrations primarily involving claims for damages. The risks associated with potential litigation often may be difficult to assess or quantify and the existence and magnitude of potential claims often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. Unauthorized or illegal acts or noncompliance with firm policies by our associates and independent contractor financial advisors could also result in substantial liability. In addition, our business activities include providing custody, clearing, and back office support for certain non-affiliated, independent RIAs and broker-dealers. Even though these independent firms are exclusively responsible for their operations, supervision, compliance, and the suitability of their client s investment decisions, we have been, and may in the future be, named as defendants in litigation involving their clients. We are also the subject of inquiries, investigations, and proceedings by regulatory and other governmental agencies. In challenging market conditions, the volume of claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions have historically increased. Litigation risks include potential liability under securities laws or other laws for: alleged materially false or misleading statements made in connection with securities offerings and other transactions; issues related to our investment recommendations, including the suitability of such recommendations or potential concentration of investments; the inability to sell or redeem securities in a timely manner during adverse market conditions; contractual issues; employment claims; and potential liability for other advice we provide to participants in strategic transactions. Substantial legal liability could have a material adverse financial impact or cause us significant reputational harm, which in turn could seriously harm our business and future business prospects. In addition to financial costs and risks associated with potential liability, the costs of defending litigation, claims, and/or regulatory matters continue to increase over time. The amount of attorneys fees incurred in connection with the defense of litigation, claims and/or regulatory matters could be substantial and might materially and adversely affect our results of operations. See Item 3 - Legal Proceedings and Note 18 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information about legal and regulatory matters. Our business is sensitive to domestic and international macroeconomic conditions caused by political and geopolitical developments, fiscal, monetary, and tax policies, regulations, and other domestic or international events. We are engaged in various financial services businesses. As such, we are affected by domestic and international macroeconomic and political conditions, as well as economic output levels, interest and inflation rates, employment levels, prices of commodities, consumer confidence levels, changes in consumer spending, international trade policy, and fiscal and monetary policy. For example, Fed policies determine, in large part, interest rates and the cost of funds which directly affect 23 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index the returns and fair value on our lending and investing activities. The market impact from such policies can also materially decrease the value of certain of our financial assets, most notably debt securities, as well as our cash flows. In addition, our results of operations may be impacted by governmental policy changes and/or regulatory reform in multiple areas, including tax, international trade, immigration, healthcare, labor, infrastructure, and energy. While there is uncertainty around the timing of many such potential changes, such changes, or any market uncertainty caused by a potential change in governmental policies, may also affect our clients and, directly or indirectly, our business. Furthermore, over the last several years the federal government has shut down multiple times, in some cases for prolonged periods, and it is possible that the federal government may shut down again in the future. Although the recent government shutdown is not expected to materially affect our results of operations, any prolonged future shutdown could significantly impact business and economic conditions generally or specifically in our key markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results and financial condition. Macroeconomic conditions may also be negatively affected by domestic or international events, including natural disasters, political unrest, the indirect impact of wars and conflicts, or public health epidemics and pandemics, as well as by a number of factors in the global financial markets that may be detrimental to our operating results. If we were to experience a period of sustained downturn in the securities markets, credit market dislocations, reductions in the value of real estate, increases in mortgage and other loan delinquencies, or other negative market factors, our revenues and the value of the assets we own could be adversely impacted. Market uncertainty could also cause clients to move their investments to lower margin products, or withdraw them, which could have an adverse impact on our profitability. We could also experience a material reduction in trading volume and lower asset prices in times of market uncertainty, which would result in lower brokerage revenues, including losses on firm inventory, as well as losses on certain of our investments. Conversely, periods of severe market volatility may result in a significantly higher level of transactions and activity which may cause operational challenges that may result in losses. These can include, but are not limited to, trade errors, failed transaction settlements, late collateral calls to borrowers and counterparties, credit losses, or interruptions to our system processing. Periods of reduced revenue and other losses could lead to reduced profitability because certain of our expenses, including our interest expense on debt, lease expenses, and salary expenses, are fixed and our ability to reduce them over short time periods is limited. Our businesses and revenues derived from non-U.S. operations may also be subject to risk of loss from currency fluctuations, social or political instability, less established regulatory regimes, changes in governmental or central bank policies, downgrades in the credit ratings of sovereign countries, expropriation, nationalization, confiscation of assets and unfavorable legislative, economic and political developments. Our ability to attract and retain senior professionals, qualified financial advisors and other associates is critical to the continued success of our business. Our ability to recruit, serve and retain our clients depends on the reputation, judgment, leadership, business generation capabilities and client service skills of our client-serving professionals, members of our executive team, as well as employees who support revenue-generating professionals and their clients. To compete effectively we must attract, develop, and retain qualified professionals, including successful financial advisors, investment bankers, trading professionals, portfolio managers and other revenue-producing or specialized support personnel. Further, effective management succession planning, is important for the continued success of the firm. Competitive pressures we experience, or inadequate management succession planning, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. The labor market remains competitive, and we face competition for talent across all aspects of our business, as well as competition with non-traditional firms, such as technology companies. Firms are developing a wide variety of offerings to attract talent throughout the financial services industry, including but not limited to, increasing compensation and enhancing health and wellness offerings. These can be important factors in a current associate s decision to leave us as well as in a prospective associate s decision to join us. As competition for skilled professionals remains intense, we may have to devote significant resources to attract and retain qualified personnel, which could negatively affect earnings. Specifically within the financial services industry, other firms are offering guaranteed contracts, upfront payments, and increased compensation. Our financial results may be adversely affected by the costs we incur in connection with any loans or other incentives we may offer to newly recruited financial advisors and other key personnel. If we were to lose the services of any of our financial advisors, investment bankers, senior equity research analysts, sales and trading professionals, asset managers, or executive officers to a competitor or otherwise, we may not be able to retain valuable relationships and some of our clients could choose to use the services of a competitor instead of our services. If we are unable to retain our senior professionals or recruit additional professionals, our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition will be adversely affected. To the extent we have compensation targets, we may not be able to retain our associates, which could result in increased recruiting expense, result in our recruiting additional associates at compensation levels that are higher than our 24 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index target range, and/or negatively impact our revenue growth. Further, new business initiatives and efforts to expand existing businesses generally require that we incur compensation and benefits expense, and other expenses before generating additional revenues. Our PCG business is subject to risks arising from the continued industry-wide trend in which financial advisors are departing traditional firms, including to form independent RIAs or to join existing third-party RIAs, some of which are backed by private equity investors. This ongoing trend has resulted in a highly competitive recruiting environment. In addition to transitions to independent RIAs, financial advisors may leave our firm for a variety of reasons, including other employment opportunities, retirement, or exiting the industry. Similarly, retiring financial advisors without a successor affiliated with us may sell their practices to unaffiliated third parties. Our reported AUA has been and may continue to be negatively impacted if we are unsuccessful in retaining our existing financial advisors and/or recruiting new financial advisors. We seek to mitigate these risks through financial advisor succession planning and by providing our financial advisors with a broad range of services and resources to support their practices. If these mitigation efforts are not successful, and financial advisors departing our firm continues or accelerates, including to transition to an unaffiliated RIA channel, this could have an adverse effect on our PCG business, its results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, companies in our industry whose employees or independent contractors accept positions with competitors frequently claim that those competitors have engaged in unfair hiring practices. We have been subject to several such claims and may be subject to additional claims in the future as we seek to hire or otherwise affiliate with qualified personnel, some of whom may work for our competitors. Some of these claims may result in material litigation. We could incur substantial costs in defending against these claims, regardless of their merits. Such claims could also discourage potential associates who work for our competitors from joining us. We participate, with limited exceptions, in the Protocol for Broker Recruiting ( Protocol ), a voluntary agreement among many firms in the industry that governs, among other things, the client information that financial advisors may take with them when they affiliate with a new firm and the financial advisor s ability to solicit clients of their prior firm. The ability to bring such client data to a new broker-dealer, as well as the ability to solicit clients generally, means that the clients of the financial advisor are more likely to choose to open accounts at the advisor s new firm. Participation in the Protocol is voluntary, and it is possible that certain of our competitors will withdraw from it. If the broker-dealers and RIAs from whom we recruit new financial advisors prevent, or significantly limit, the transfer of client data and the solicitation of clients, our recruiting efforts may be adversely affected. Additionally, we could experience a larger number of claims against us relating to our recruiting efforts. We are exposed to credit risk. We are generally exposed to the risk that third parties that owe us money, securities, or other assets will fail to meet their obligations to us due to numerous causes, including bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, or operational failure, among others. Credit risk may also be affected by the deterioration of strength in the U.S. economy or adverse changes in the financial performance or condition of our clients and counterparties. We actively buy and sell securities from and to clients and counterparties in the normal course of our broker-dealers trading and underwriting activities, which exposes us to credit risk. Although generally collateralized by the underlying security to the transaction, we still face risk associated with changes in the market value of collateral through settlement date. We also hold certain securities, loans and derivatives as part of our trading operations. Deterioration in the actual or perceived credit quality of the underlying issuers of securities or loans or the non-performance of counterparties to certain derivatives could result in losses. We incur credit risk by lending to businesses and individuals, including through offering SBL, C I loans, CRE loans, REIT loans, residential mortgage loans, and tax-exempt loans. We also incur credit risk through certain of our investments. Our credit risk and credit losses can increase if our loans or investments are concentrated among borrowers or issuers engaged in the same or similar activities, industries, or geographies, or to borrowers or issuers who as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. Declines in the real estate market or sustained economic downturns may cause us to experience credit losses or charge-offs related to our loans, sell loans at unattractive prices, or foreclose on certain real estate properties. Furthermore, the deterioration of an individually large exposure, for example due to natural disasters, health emergencies or pandemics, acts of terrorism, severe weather events, or other adverse economic events, could lead to additional credit loss provisions and/or charges-offs, and subsequently have a material impact on our net income and regulatory capital. In addition, TriState Capital Bank utilizes information provided by third-party organizations to monitor changes in the value of marketable securities that serve as collateral for substantially all of its SBL portfolio. These third parties also provide control over cash and marketable securities for purposes of perfecting TriState Capital Bank s security interests and retaining the collateral in the applicable accounts. In the event that TriState Capital Bank would need to take control of collateral, it is dependent upon such third parties to follow contractual control agreements in order to mitigate any potential losses on its SBL. 25 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index We borrow securities from, and lend securities to, other financial institutions and may also enter into agreements to repurchase and/or resell securities as part of our financing activities. A sharp change in the market values of the securities utilized in these transactions may result in losses if counterparties to these transactions fail to honor their commitments. We manage the risk associated with these transactions by establishing and monitoring credit limits, as well as by evaluating collateral and transaction levels on a recurring basis. Significant deterioration in the credit quality of one of our counterparties could lead to widespread concerns about the credit quality of other counterparties in the same industry, thereby exacerbating our credit risk. In addition, we permit our clients to purchase securities on margin. During periods of steep declines in securities prices, the value of the collateral securing client margin loans may fall below the amount of the loan. If clients are unable to provide additional collateral for these margin loans, we may incur losses on those margin transactions. This may cause us to incur additional expenses defending or pursuing claims or litigation related to counterparty or client defaults. We are exposed to market risk, including interest rate risk. Market risk generally represents the risk that values of assets and liabilities or revenues will be adversely affected by changes in market conditions, which directly and indirectly affect us. Market conditions that change from time to time, thereby exposing us to market risk, include fluctuations in interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates, and price deterioration or changes in value due to changes in market perception of the credit quality of an issuer, or other factors. Market risk is inherent in financial instruments associated with our operations and activities, including loans, deposits, securities, short-term borrowings, long-term debt, trading assets and liabilities, derivatives, and investments. For example, interest rate increases could adversely affect the value of our available-for-sale securities portfolio. Interest rate changes could also adversely affect the value of our fixed income trading inventories, as well as our net interest spread, which is the difference between the yield we earn on our interest-earning assets and the interest rate we pay for deposits and other sources of funding, in turn impacting our net interest income and interest-related earnings. Interest rate changes could affect the interest earned on assets differently than interest paid on liabilities. Increases in short-term interest rates have historically resulted in an increase in our net earnings and we expect decreases in short-term interest rates to generally reduce our net earnings, although there may be offsetting favorable impacts. As it relates to our net interest income, the magnitude of the effect of a decrease in short-term interest rates depends on a number of factors impacting balances, asset yields, and the cost of funding. The magnitude of the impact to our net interest margin depends on the yields on interest-earning assets relative to the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, including deposit rates paid to clients on their cash balances. Decreases in short-term interest rates generally also result in a decrease to our RJBDP fees earned from third-party banks, although the magnitude of the decline may also be impacted by demand for cash balances by third-party banks and the rate paid to clients on their cash sweep balances. If we are unable to effectively manage our interest rate risk, changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. In addition, disruptions in the liquidity or transparency of the financial markets may result in our inability to sell, syndicate or realize the value of security positions, potentially leading to increased concentrations. The inability to reduce our positions in specific securities may not only increase the market and credit risks associated with such positions, but also increase the level of risk-weighted assets on our balance sheet, thereby increasing our capital requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business results, financial condition, and liquidity. Our business depends on fees generated from the distribution of financial products, fees earned from the management of client accounts, and other asset management fees. A large portion of our revenues are derived from fees generated from the distribution of financial products, such as mutual funds, variable annuities, and exchange-traded funds, and the various services we perform related to such products. Changes in the structure or amount of the fees paid by the sponsors of these products could directly affect our revenues, business, and financial condition. In addition, if these products experience losses or increased investor redemptions, we may receive lower fees from the distribution and other services we provide on behalf of third-party financial entities. The asset management fees we are paid are dependent upon the value of client assets in fee-based accounts in our PCG segment, as well as AUM in our Asset Management segment. The value of our fee-based assets and AUM is impacted by market fluctuations and net inflows or outflows of assets. As our PCG clients increasingly show a preference for fee-based accounts over transaction-based accounts, a larger portion of our client assets are more directly impacted by market movements. Therefore, in periods of declining market values, the values of fee-based accounts and AUM may resultantly decline, which would negatively impact our revenues. In addition, below-market investment performance by our funds, portfolio managers, or financial advisors could result in reputational damage that might cause outflows or make it more difficult to attract new investors into our asset management products and thus, further impact our business and financial condition. 26 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index Our asset management fees may also decline over time due to factors such as increased competition and the renegotiation of contracts. Additionally, most of our clients may withdraw funds from under our management at their discretion at any time for any reason, including as a result of competition or poor performance of our products. In addition, the market environment in recent years has resulted in a shift to passive investment products, which generate lower fees than actively managed products. A continued trend toward passive investments or changes in market values or in the fee structure of asset management accounts would negatively affect our revenues, business, and financial condition. Our underwriting, market-making, trading, lending, and other business activities place our capital at risk. We may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities we have underwritten at anticipated price levels. As an underwriter, we also are subject to heightened standards regarding liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings in which we are involved. From time to time as part of our underwriting processes, we may carry significant positions in securities of a single issuer or issuers engaged in a specific industry. Sudden changes in the value of these positions, despite our risk mitigation policies, could impact our financial results. As a market maker, we take ownership of positions in specific securities, and these undiversified holdings concentrate the risk of market fluctuations and may result in greater losses than would be the case if our holdings were more diversified. Despite risk mitigation policies and practices, we may incur losses as a result of positions we hold in connection with these activities. A continued interruption to our telecommunications or data processing systems, or the failure to effectively update the technology we utilize could be materially adverse to our business. Our businesses rely extensively on data processing and communications systems, including both third-party and internally-developed technology solutions. In addition to better serving clients, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables us to reduce costs. Adapting or developing our technology systems to meet new regulatory requirements, client needs, and competitive demands is critical for our business. Introduction of new technology presents challenges on a regular basis. There are significant technical and financial costs and risks in the development of new or enhanced applications, including the risk that we might be unable to effectively use new technologies, adapt our applications to emerging industry standards, or keep applications current as it relates to vulnerabilities and security controls. Our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to: (i) successfully maintain and upgrade the capability of our technology systems on a regular basis; (ii) maintain the quality of the information contained in our data processing and communications systems; (iii) address the needs of our clients by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy their demands; (iv) retain skilled information technology employees; and (v) ensure that our existing and new technology systems conform to regulatory requirements. Failure of our technology systems to operate appropriately, which could result from events beyond our control, including a systems malfunction or cyber-attack, failure by a third-party service provider, or an inability to effectively upgrade those systems or implement new technology-driven products or services, could result in financial losses, liability to clients for non-compliant data processing, and violations of privacy and other laws and regulations, as well as regulatory sanctions. The soundness of other financial institutions and intermediaries affects us. We face the risk of operational failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses, or other financial intermediaries that we use to facilitate our securities and derivative transactions. As a result of regulatory changes and the consolidation over the years among clearing agents, exchanges, and clearing houses, our exposure to certain financial intermediaries has increased and could affect our ability to find adequate and cost-effective alternatives should the need arise. Any failure, termination, or constraint of these intermediaries could adversely affect our ability to execute transactions, service our clients, and manage our exposure to risk. Our ability to engage in routine trading and funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interdependent as a result of trading, clearing, funding, counterparty, or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. Defaults by, or even rumors or questions about the financial condition of, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have historically led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be 27 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due us. Losses arising in connection with counterparty defaults may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We deposit our cash in depository institutions as a means of maintaining the liquidity necessary to meet our operating needs, and we also facilitate the deposit of cash awaiting investment in depository institutions on behalf of our clients. Many of these deposits exceed FDIC-insured limits. While we perform extensive diligence on the banks we select to hold these deposits, a failure of one or more of these depository institutions to return these deposits could affect our operating liquidity, result in reputational damage, and impair our financial performance. Our risk management and conflicts of interest policies and procedures may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk. We seek to manage, monitor, and control our market, credit, operational, liquidity, and legal and regulatory compliance risk through operational and compliance reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes, and other mechanisms; however, there can be no assurance that our procedures will be effective. While we use limits and other risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot always anticipate unforeseen economic and financial outcomes or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. Our risk management methods may not predict future risk exposures effectively. In addition, some of our risk management methods are based on an evaluation of information regarding markets, clients, and other matters that are based on assumptions that may no longer be accurate or may have limited predictive value. A failure to manage our growth adequately, including growth in the products or services we offer or through acquisitions, or to manage our risk effectively, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. Financial services firms are subject to numerous actual or perceived conflicts of interest, which are routinely examined by regulators and SROs, such as FINRA, and may be used as the basis for claims for legal liability by plaintiffs in actions against us. Through our risk management processes we seek to address potential conflicts of interest that arise in our business. Management of potential conflicts of interest becomes increasingly complex as our business activities expand. A perceived or actual failure to address conflicts of interest adequately could affect our reputation, the willingness of clients to transact business with us, or give rise to litigation or regulatory actions. Therefore, there can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise in the future that could result in material harm to our business and financial condition. We face intense competition and pricing pressures and may not be able to keep pace with technological change. We are engaged in intensely competitive businesses. We compete on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of our associates and financial advisors, our products and services, pricing (such as execution pricing and fee levels), technology solutions, and location and reputation in relevant markets. Over time, there has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry, which has significantly increased the capital base and geographic reach of our competitors. See Item 1 - Business - Competition of this Form 10-K for additional information about our competitors. We compete directly with other national full service broker-dealers, investment banking firms, commercial banks, investment advisors, investment managers and, to a lesser extent, discount brokers and dealers. We face competition from more recent entrants into the market, including fintechs, and increased use of alternative sales channels by other firms. Technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for fintechs to compete with larger financial institutions in providing electronic, internet-based, and mobile phone-based financial solutions. This competition has grown significantly over recent years and is expected to intensify. In addition, commercial firms and other non-traditional competitors have applied for banking licenses or have entered into partnerships with banks to provide banking services. We also compete indirectly for investment assets with insurance companies, real estate firms, and hedge funds, among others. Competition from other financial services firms to attract clients or trading volume, through direct-to-investor online financial services, or higher deposit rates to attract client cash balances, could result in pricing pressure or otherwise adversely impact our business and cause our business to suffer. We must monitor the pricing of our services and financial products in relation to competitors and periodically may need to adjust our fees, commissions, margins, or interest rates on deposits to remain competitive. In fixed income and equity markets, regulatory requirements have resulted in greater price transparency, leading to price competition and decreased trading margins. Our trading margins have been further compressed by the shift from high- to low-touch services over time, which has created additional competitive pressure. We believe that price competition and pricing pressures in these and other areas will continue as institutional investors continue to reduce the amounts they are willing to pay, including by reducing the number of brokerage firms they use, and some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by reducing fees, commissions, or margins. 28 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index Our future success also depends in part on our ability to develop, maintain, and enhance our products and services, including factors such as customer experience, and the pricing and range of our offerings. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. If we are not able to develop new products and services, enhance existing offerings, effectively implement new technology-driven products and services, or successfully market these products and services to our customers, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore, both financial institutions and their non-banking competitors face the risk that payments processing and other services could be significantly disrupted by technologies (e.g., AI, online trading platforms, digital payment technologies) that require no intermediation. New technologies have required, and could require us in the future, to spend more to modify or adapt our products to attract and retain clients or to match products and services offered by our competitors, including technology companies. We use, develop, and incorporate within our technology platform and services, systems and tools that incorporate AI and machine learning, including generative AI. Although we strive to establish and maintain appropriate governance and risk management processes, ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by us or third-party vendors could result in unintended consequences such as AI algorithms that produce inaccurate output or that are based on biased, incomplete, and/or inaccurate datasets. Despite implementing policies and safeguards to prevent unauthorized disclosures, our use of AI may still pose heightened security and privacy risks, which we seek to mitigate by relying on proprietary or walled-garden environments to enhance data protection and operational controls and maintain confidentiality. Any of the foregoing may result in harm to our business, results of operations, or reputation. Compliance with new or changing laws, regulations, or industry standards relating to AI may impose significant operational costs and limit our ability to develop, deploy, or use AI and machine learning technologies. A downgrade in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our operations, earnings, and financial condition. If our credit ratings were downgraded, or if rating agencies indicate that a downgrade may occur, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected, perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged, and as a result, adversely affect our client relationships. Such a change in our credit ratings could also adversely affect our liquidity and competitive position, increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to the capital and credit markets, trigger obligations under certain financial agreements, cause clients to withdraw bank deposits that exceed FDIC insurance limits from our bank subsidiaries, or decrease the number of investors, clients, and counterparties willing or permitted to do business with or lend to us, thereby curtailing our business operations and reducing profitability. We may not be able to obtain additional outside financing to fund our operations on favorable terms, or at all. The impact of a credit rating downgrade to a level below investment grade would result in our breaching provisions in certain of our derivative instruments, and may result in a request for immediate payment and/or ongoing overnight collateralization on our derivative instruments in liability positions. A credit rating downgrade would also result in the firm incurring a higher facility fee on its $1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility agreement (the Credit Facility ), in addition to triggering a higher interest rate applicable to any borrowings outstanding on the line as of and subsequent to such downgrade. See Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and capital resources of this Form 10-K and Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for information on the Credit Facility. Business growth, including through acquisitions, could increase costs and regulatory and integration risks. We continue to grow, including through acquisitions and through our recruiting efforts. Integrating acquired businesses, providing a platform for new businesses and partnering with other firms involve risks and present financial, managerial, and operational challenges. While cultural fit is a requirement for both our recruiting and acquisition efforts, there can be no assurance that recruited talent and/or acquisition targets will ultimately assimilate into our firm in a manner which results in the expected financial benefits. We may incur significant expense, including in the areas of technology and cybersecurity, in connection with expanding our existing businesses, recruiting financial advisors, or when acquiring and integrating businesses. Our overall profitability would be negatively affected if investments and expenses associated with such growth are not matched or exceeded by the earnings derived from such investments or growth. Assumptions which underlie the basis of our acquisition decisions, such as the retention of key personnel, future revenue growth of an acquired business, cost efficiencies to be realized, or the value created through the application of specialized expertise we plan to bring to the acquired business, may not be fully 