=== CINF_2026-02-23.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors, for additional details. Governance Cybersecurity matters are an important part of reporting to our board of directors, executive management team, risk committee and disclosure committee. From a board perspective, the audit committee oversees the company's cybersecurity efforts along with additional oversight from the entire board. Two members of the audit committee have obtained certifications in cybersecurity oversight. Each quarter, the chief information officer and chief information security officer report to the audit committee on cybersecurity risks and controls. Also occurring each quarter, the entire board, and our senior executive team, as appropriate, receives a comprehensive report from the chief risk officer on the status and management of risk and other metrics relative to identified tolerances and limits, risk assessments and risk plans. Additionally, the chief risk officer has direct access to all members of the board of directors and presents in person at board meetings twice each year. At the executive management and management levels, the chief information security officer leads the process of assessing and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. Our chief information security officer has over 25 years of experience as a technology professional with in-depth knowledge of IT management processes and holds multiple degrees and professional designations, including as a certified information systems security professional (CISSP). The chief information security officer also works in collaboration with our chief information officer and chief risk officer and is supported by a cross-functional group of qualified and experienced professionals across various committees and functions. On a quarterly basis, the chief information officer provides a cybersecurity update to the disclosure committee and, on a monthly basis, the information security office team delivers a cybersecurity report to members of the senior executive team. Also refer to Item 10, Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance, for additional qualification, experience and responsibility details. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 41 Table of Contents Associates involved in this area stay informed of industry trends and evolving threats using various resources including government authorities, peers, continuous education, industry publications, news outlets and other external parties that provide pertinent information. We take administrative, technical and internal accounting control measures to protect against cybersecurity incidents, including actions to monitor for, prevent, detect, mitigate and remediate any incidents that occur. These measures and actions include endpoint controls, multi-factor authentication and general cybersecurity education directed at our workforce and independent agents. From a monitoring perspective, generally speaking, our information security office associates monitor the environment for threats, events and potential incidents. Depending on the potential severity of any identified incident, the company's incident response process, modeled after National Institute for Standards and Technology (NIST) frameworks, is initiated. As part of this process, each incident is evaluated and inventoried by our incident response team and reported to our legal compliance subcommittee for further action. Depending on severity, certain other internal and external parties may participate in the incident response process from a compliance and financial reporting perspective. Incidents, regardless of severity, are evaluated and documented and are shared with the audit committee. In 2025, the audit committee received four updates on matters related to cybersecurity. The process of evaluating and documenting individual incidents, even when not deemed material, assists in determining how previous incidents have or may reasonably likely have a material effect on the company in the future. I TEM 2. Properties Cincinnati Financial Corporation owns our headquarters building located on 107 acres of land in Fairfield, Ohio. This building has 1,508,200 square feet of total space. The property, including land is recorded in our financial statements at $127 million at December 31, 2025, and is classified as Land, building and equipment, net, for company use. John J. Thomas R. Schiff Co. Inc., a related party, occupies 9,056 square feet (less than 1%). This property is used for the operations described in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes. Cincinnati Financial Corporation owns Gilmore Pointe, located on the northwest corner of our headquarters property. This four-story building contains approximately 103,000 square feet of usable space. The property is recorded in the financial statements at $3 million at December 31, 2025, and is classified as investment property in Other invested assets. At December 31, 2025, unaffiliated tenants occupied 90%, with no Cincinnati Financial affiliates occupying the property. The Cincinnati Insurance Company owns the CFC Winton Center used for multiple operations with approximately 48,000 square feet of total space, located approximately six miles from our headquarters. The property, including land, is recorded in our financial statements at $7 million at December 31, 2025, and is classified as Land, building and equipment, net, for company use. We lease office space located in London, United Kingdom, for our Cincinnati Global operations. We also lease office space throughout the U.S. to support our insurance operations. I TEM 3. Legal Proceedings Neither the company nor any of our subsidiaries are involved in any litigation believed to be material other than ordinary, routine litigation incidental to the nature of our business. I TEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures This item is not applicable to the company. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 42 Table of Contents Part II I TEM 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Cincinnati Financial Corporation had 13,881 shareholders of record as of December 31, 2025. Our common shares are traded under the symbol CINF on Nasdaq. Cumulative Total Return As depicted in the graph below, the five-year total return on a $100 investment made December 31, 2020, assuming the reinvestment of all dividends, was 111.5% for Cincinnati Financial Corporation s common stock compared with 96.2% for the S P 500 Index and 121.7% for the S P Composite 1500 Property Casualty Insurance Index. The following graph depicts $100 invested on December 31, 2020, in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. The years shown represent each respective fiscal year ending December 31. Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Total Return The S P 500 Index includes a representative sample of 500 leading companies in a cross section of industries of the U.S. economy. At year-end 2025, the S P Composite 1500 Property Casualty Insurance Index included 32 companies. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 43 Table of Contents Issuances and Purchases of Equity Securities The following summarizes securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2025: Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights at December 31, 2025 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plan (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) at December 31, 2025 (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 3,460,112 $ 104.98 10,480,633 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 3,460,112 $ 104.98 10,480,633 The number of securities remaining available for future issuance includes: 9 million shares available for issuance under the Cincinnati Financial Corporation 2024 Stock Compensation Plan (the 2024 Plan), 1,270,093 shares available for issuance under the Cincinnati Financial Corporation 2016 Stock Compensation Plan (the 2016 Plan), and 210,540 shares available for issuance of share grants under the Director s Stock Plan of 2018. The number of securities remaining available for future issuance assumes the number of securities to be issued from performance-based awards are issued at the target-level performance level. Both the 2024 Plan and the 2016 Plan allow for issuance of stock options, service-based or performance-based restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights or other equity-based grants. Awards other than stock options granted from the 2024 and 2016 plans are counted as three shares against the plan for each one share of common stock actually issued. Additional information about share-based associate compensation granted under our equity compensation plans is available in Item 8, Note 17 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. We discuss the factors that affect our ability to pay cash dividends and repurchase shares, as well as the objectives of our repurchase program, in Item 7, Liquidity and Capital Resources. Regulatory restrictions on dividends our insurance subsidiaries can pay to the parent company are discussed in Item 8, Note 9 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The following summarizes shares purchased under our repurchase programs: Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs October 1-31, 2025 278,618 $ 153.03 278,618 4,632,388 November 1-30, 2025 372,120 159.88 372,120 4,260,268 December 1-31, 2025 4,260,268 Totals 650,738 156.94 650,738 We did not sell any of our shares that were not registered under the Securities Act during 2025. Our repurchase program does not have an expiration date. Our repurchase program was expanded on January 26, 2018, by 15 million shares. We have 4,260,268 shares available for purchase under our programs at December 31, 2025. During 2025, we repurchased 1,354,238 shares at an average price of $151.04. I TEM 6. [Reserved] Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 44 Table of Contents I TEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Introduction The purpose of Management s Discussion and Analysis is to provide an understanding of Cincinnati Financial Corporation s consolidated results of operations and financial condition. Our Management s Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes. We present per share data on a diluted basis unless otherwise noted, adjusting those amounts for all stock splits and stock dividends. We begin with an executive summary of our results of operations, followed by other highlights and details about critical accounting estimates. In several instances, we refer to estimated industry data so that we can provide information on our performance within the context of the overall insurance industry. Unless otherwise noted, the industry data is prepared by A.M. Best, a leading insurance industry statistical, analytical and financial strength rating organization. Information from A.M. Best is presented on a statutory accounting basis for insurance company regulation in the United States of America. When we provide our results on a comparable statutory accounting basis, we label it as such; all other company data is presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). Through The Cincinnati Insurance Company, Cincinnati Financial Corporation is one of the 25 largest property casualty insurers in the nation, based on net written premium volume for the first nine months of 2025, among more than 2,000 U.S. stock and mutual companies operating independently or in groups. We market our insurance products through a select group of independent insurance agencies in 46 states as discussed in Item 1, Our Business and Our Strategy. The U.S. economy, the insurance industry and our company continue to face many challenges. Our long-term perspective has allowed us to address immediate challenges while also focusing on the major decisions that best position the company for success through all market cycles. We believe that this forward-looking view consistently benefits our shareholders, agents, policyholders and associates. To measure our progress, we have defined a measure of value creation that we believe captures the contribution of our insurance operations, the success of our investment strategy and the importance we place on paying cash dividends to shareholders. We refer to this measure as our value creation ratio (VCR) and it is made up of two primary components: (1) our rate of growth in book value per share plus (2) the ratio of dividends declared per share to beginning book value per share. This measure, intended to be all-inclusive regarding changes in book value per share, uses originally reported book value per share in cases where book value per share has been adjusted, such as after the adoption of Accounting Standards Updates with a cumulative effect of a change in accounting. The primary sources of our company s net income are summarized below. We discuss contributions to net income and VCR by source in Corporate Financial Highlights, followed by more detailed discussion in Financial Results. Underwriting profit (loss) Includes revenues from earned premiums for insurance and reinsurance policies or contracts, reduced by losses and loss expenses from associated insurance coverages. Those revenues are further reduced by underwriting expenses associated with marketing policies or related to administration of our insurance operations. The net result represents an underwriting profit when revenues exceed losses and expenses. Investment income Is generated primarily from investing the premiums collected for insurance policies sold, until funds are needed to pay losses for insurance claims or other expenses. Interest income from bonds or dividend income from stocks are the main categories of our investment income, with additional contribution from compounding effects over time. Investment gains and losses Occur from appreciation or depreciation of invested assets over time. Gains or losses are generally recognized from changes in market values of equity securities without a sale or when invested assets are sold or become impaired. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 45 Table of Contents Executive Summary Our value creation ratio, defined above, is our primary performance target. VCR trends are shown in the table below. One year Three-year % average Five-year % average Value creation ratio: As of December 31, 2025 18.8 % 19.4 % 13.8 % As of December 31, 2024 19.8 8.2 13.0 As of December 31, 2023 19.5 10.2 15.2 We are targeting an annual value creation ratio averaging 10% to 13% over the next five-year period. At 18.8% for 2025, our performance was above the high end of that range. We also exceeded the high end of the range for both the three-year and five-year periods that ended in December 2025. The table below shows the primary contributors of our value creation ratio on a percentage basis. Analysis of the contributors aids understanding of our financial performance. Our financial results are further analyzed in the Corporate Financial Highlights section below. Years ended December 31, 2025-2024 2024-2023 2025 2024 2023 Pt. Change Pt. Change Value creation ratio major contributors: Net income before investment gains 9.1 % 9.9 % 9.1 % (0.8) 0.8 Change in fixed-maturity securities, realized and unrealized gains 2.0 (0.6) 1.9 2.6 (2.5) Change in equity securities, investment gains 8.2 9.6 8.6 (1.4) 1.0 Other (0.5) 0.9 (0.1) (1.4) 1.0 Value creation ratio 18.8 % 19.8 % 19.5 % (1.0) 0.3 The 2025 value creation ratio decreased by 1.0 percentage points, compared with 2024, and again included a significant contribution from operating results, as shown in the table above. The 2025 ratio decrease included 0.8 percentage points from net income before investment gains and 0.2 percentage points in overall net gains from our investment portfolio and other items. The increase in 2024, compared with 2023, was primarily due to an increase in operating results which was partially offset by a reduction in overall net gains from our investment portfolio. We believe our value creation ratio is a useful measure. The table below shows calculations for VCR. (Dollars are per share) Years ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Value creation ratio: End of period book value* $ 102.35 $ 89.11 $ 77.06 Less beginning of period book value 89.11 77.06 67.01 Change in book value 13.24 12.05 10.05 Dividend declared to shareholders 3.48 3.24 3.00 Total value creation $ 16.72 $ 15.29 $ 13.05 Value creation ratio from change in book value** 14.9 % 15.6 % 15.0 % Value creation ratio from dividends declared to shareholders*** 3.9 4.2 4.5 Value creation ratio 18.8 % 19.8 % 19.5 % * Book value per share is calculated by dividing end of period total shareholders' equity by end of period shares outstanding ** Change in book value divided by the beginning of year book value *** Dividend declared to shareholders divided by beginning of year book value Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 46 Table of Contents When looking at our longer-term objectives, we see three primary performance drivers for our value creation ratio: Premium growth We believe over any five-year period our agency relationships and initiatives can lead to a property casualty written premium growth rate that exceeds the industry average. The compound annual growth rate of our net written premiums was 11.4% over the five-year period 2021 through 2025, exceeding the 8.8% estimated growth rate for the property casualty insurance industry, with 2025 representing industry data reported through the first nine months of 2025. The industry s growth rate excludes its mortgage and financial guaranty lines of business. Combined ratio We believe our underwriting philosophy and initiatives can drive performance to achieve our underwriting profitability target of a GAAP combined ratio over any five-year period that consistently averages within the range of 92% to 98% in the future. Our GAAP combined ratio averaged 93.9% over the five-year period 2021 through 2025, within the performance target range. Performance as measured by the combined ratio is discussed in Consolidated Property Casualty Insurance Results. Our statutory combined ratio averaged 93.6% over the five-year period 2021 through 2025, compared with an estimated 99.6% for the property casualty industry, with 2025 representing industry data reported through the first nine months of 2025. The industry s ratio again excludes its mortgage and financial guaranty lines of business. Investment contribution We believe our investment philosophy and initiatives can drive investment income growth and lead to a total return on our equity investment portfolio over a five-year period that exceeds the five-year total return of the S P 500 Index. Investment income growth, on a pretax basis, had a compound annual growth rate of 11.7% over the five-year period 2021 through 2025. Over the five years ended December 31, 2025, our equity portfolio compound annual total return was 12.4% compared with a compound annual total return of 14.4% for the Index. Our equity portfolio favors larger-capitalization, high-quality, dividend-growing stocks with a slight value orientation. For the year 2025, our equity portfolio total return was 15.7%, compared with 17.9% for the Index. The board of directors is committed to rewarding shareholders directly through cash dividends and share repurchase authorizations. Through 2025, the company has increased the annual cash dividend rate for 65 consecutive years, a record we believe is matched by only seven other publicly traded U.S. companies. In addition to regular dividends, strong capital and excellent company performance has provided opportunities to further reward shareholders. The board regularly evaluates relevant factors in dividend-related decisions, and the 2025 increase to the regular dividend reflected confidence in our outstanding capital, liquidity and financial flexibility, as well as progress of our initiatives to improve earnings performance while growing insurance premium revenues. We discuss our financial position in more detail in Liquidity and Capital Resources. Our view of the shareholder value we can create over the next five years relies largely on three assumptions each highly dependent on the external environment. First, we anticipate our property casualty average insurance prices will increase in proportion to, or in excess of, our loss cost trends. Second, we assume that the economy can maintain a long-term growth track. Third, we assume that valuations of our marketable securities will vary within a typical range over time, based on historical trends. If those assumptions prove to be inaccurate, we may not be able to achieve our performance targets even if we accomplish our strategic objectives. We discuss in Item 1A, Risk Factors, many potential risks to our business and our ability to achieve our qualitative and quantitative objectives. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 47 Table of Contents Corporate Financial Highlights In addition to the value creation ratio discussion and analysis in the Executive Summary, we further analyze our financial results in the sections below. Balance Sheet Data (Dollars in millions, except share data) At December 31, At December 31, 2025 2024 Total investments $ 31,783 $ 28,378 Total assets 41,002 36,501 Short-term debt 25 25 Long-term debt 790 790 Shareholders' equity 15,911 13,935 Book value per share 102.35 89.11 Debt-to-total-capital ratio 4.9 % 5.5 % Total investments increased by 12% during 2025 on a fair value basis. Entering 2026, we believe the portfolio continues to be well diversified and is well positioned to withstand short-term fluctuations. We discuss our investment strategy in Item 1, Investments Segment, and results for the segment in Investments Results. Total assets also increased by 12%, compared with year-end 2024. Shareholders equity increased by 14% and book value per share increased by 15%, for reasons discussed in the preceding Executive Summary. The amount of our debt obligations at year-end 2025 matched year-end 2024. Our 4.9% ratio of debt to total capital (debt plus shareholders equity) at year-end 2025 decreased by 0.6 percentage points compared with the prior-year ratio. Income Statement and Per Share Data (In millions, except per share data) Years ended December 31, 2025-2024 2024-2023 2025 2024 2023 Change % Change % Earned premiums $ 9,983 $ 8,889 $ 7,958 12 12 Investment income, net of expenses (pretax) 1,165 1,025 894 14 15 Investment gains and losses, net (pretax) 1,442 1,391 1,127 4 23 Total revenues 12,631 11,337 10,013 11 13 Net income 2,393 2,292 1,843 4 24 Comprehensive income 2,668 2,418 2,022 10 20 Net income per share - diluted 15.17 14.53 11.66 4 25 Cash dividends declared per share 3.48 3.24 3.00 7 8 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 157.7 157.8 158.1 0 0 Net income rose by $101 million in 2025, compared with 2024, including a $44 million increase in net investment gains on an after-tax basis. The improved 2025 net income also included a $112 million increase in investment income after taxes partially offset by a decrease in property casualty underwriting income of $62 million after taxes, as discussed below. Our investment operation s performance is discussed further in Investments Results. Net income of $2.292 billion in 2024, representing a $449 million increase compared with net income for 2023, included a $204 million increase in net investment gains after taxes. The improved 2024 net income also included an increase in property casualty underwriting income of $141 million after taxes and a $104 million increase in investment income after taxes. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 48 Table of Contents Contribution from Insurance Operations (Dollars in millions) Years ended December 31, 2025-2024 2024-2023 2025 2024 2023 Change % Change % Consolidated property casualty data: Net written premiums $ 10,082 $ 9,243 $ 8,046 9 15 Earned premiums 9,653 8,568 7,645 13 12 Underwriting profit 501 580 401 (14) 45 Pt. Change Pt. Change GAAP combined ratio 94.9 % 93.4 % 94.9 % 1.5 (1.5) Statutory combined ratio 94.7 92.9 94.6 1.8 (1.7) Written premium to statutory surplus 1.0 1.0 1.1 0.0 (0.1) Property casualty net written premiums grew 9% and earned premiums grew 13% in 2025. The growth reflected average renewal price increases, premium growth initiatives and a higher level of insured exposures, including a contribution to net written premium growth of less than 1 percentage point from Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global in total. Growth in 2024 net written premiums and earned premiums was driven by factors similar to 2025. Trends and related factors are discussed in Commercial Lines, Personal Lines and Excess and Surplus Lines Insurance Results. Our property casualty insurance operations generated an underwriting profit for each of the three years ending in 2025. The $79 million decrease in 2025 underwriting profit, compared with 2024, included a $249 million increase in losses from natural catastrophe events and $13 million less benefit from net favorable reserve development on prior accident years before catastrophe losses. The $179 million increase in 2024, compared with 2023, included a $66 million increase in losses from catastrophe events and $27 million less benefit from net favorable reserve development on prior accident years before catastrophe losses. We measure property casualty underwriting profitability primarily by the combined ratio. Our combined ratio measures the percentage of each earned premium dollar spent on claims plus all expenses related to our property casualty operations, all on a pretax basis. A lower ratio indicates more favorable results and better underlying performance. A ratio below 100% represents an underwriting profit. Initiatives to improve our combined ratio are discussed in Item 1, Our Business and Our Strategy. In 2025, 2024 and 2023, favorable development on reserves for claims that occurred in prior accident years helped offset other incurred losses and loss expenses. Reserve development is discussed further in Property Casualty Loss and Loss Expense Obligations and Reserves. Losses from weather-related catastrophes are another important item influencing the combined ratio and are discussed along with other factors in Financial Results for our property casualty business and related segments. Our life insurance segment reported a profit of $65 million in 2025, $57 million in 2024 and $41 million in 2023. We discuss results for the segment in Life Insurance Results. Most of this segment s investment income is included in our investments segment results. In addition to investment income, investment gains and losses from the life insurance investment portfolio are also included in our investments segment results. Critical Accounting Estimates Cincinnati Financial Corporation s financial statements are prepared using U.S. GAAP. These principles require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. The significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the financial statements are discussed in Item 8, Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. In conjunction with that discussion, material implications of uncertainties associated with the methods, assumptions and estimates underlying the company s critical accounting policies are discussed below. The audit committee of the board of directors reviews the annual financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm. These discussions cover: the quality of earnings; review of reserves and accruals; reconsideration of the suitability of accounting principles; review of highly Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 49 Table of Contents judgmental areas including critical accounting estimates; audit adjustments; and such other inquiries as may be appropriate. Property Casualty Insurance Loss and Loss Expense Reserves We establish loss and loss expense reserves for our property casualty insurance business as balance sheet liabilities. Unpaid loss and loss expenses are the estimated amounts necessary to pay for and settle all outstanding insured claims, including incurred but not reported (IBNR) claims. These reserves account for unpaid loss and loss expenses as of a financial statement date. For some lines of business that we write, a considerable and uncertain amount of time can elapse between the occurrence, reporting and payment of insured claims. The amount we will actually have to pay for such claims also can be highly uncertain. This uncertainty, together with the size of our reserves, makes the loss and loss expense reserves our most significant estimate. Gross loss and loss expense reserves were $11.450 billion at year-end 2025 compared with $9.937 billion at year-end 2024. How Reserves Are Established Our field claims representatives establish case reserves when claims are reported to the company to provide for our unpaid loss and loss expense obligation associated with known claims. Field claims managers supervise and review all claims with case reserves less than $100,000. Additionally, a headquarters supervisor and regional claims manager review claims under $100,000 if litigation or a certain specialty claim is involved. All claims with case reserves of $100,000 or greater are reviewed and approved by experienced headquarters supervisors and regional claims managers. Upper-level headquarters claims managers also review case reserves of $175,000 or more. Our claims representatives base their case reserve estimates primarily upon case-by-case evaluations that consider: type of claim involved circumstances surrounding each claim policy provisions pertaining to each claim potential for subrogation or salvage recoverable general insurance reserving practices Case reserves of all sizes are generally reviewed on a 90-day cycle, or more frequently if new information about a loss becomes available. As part of the review process, we monitor industry trends, cost trends, relevant court cases, legislative activity and other current events in an effort to ascertain new or additional loss exposures. We also establish IBNR reserves to provide for all unpaid loss and loss expenses not accounted for by case reserves: For events designated as natural catastrophes resulting in losses incurred related to premiums written on a direct basis by The Cincinnati Insurance Companies, we calculate IBNR reserves directly as a result of an estimated IBNR claim count and an estimated average claim amount for each event. Once case reserves are established for a catastrophe event, we reduce the IBNR reserves. Our claims department management coordinates the assessment of these events and prepares the related IBNR reserve estimates. Such an assessment involves a comprehensive analysis of the nature of the event, of policyholder exposures within the affected geographic area and of available claims intelligence. Depending on the nature of the event, available claims intelligence could include surveys of field claims representatives within the affected geographic area, feedback from a catastrophe claims team sent into the area, as well as data on claims reported as of the financial statement date. To determine whether an event is designated as a catastrophe, related to premiums written on a direct basis by The Cincinnati Insurance Companies, we generally use the catastrophe definition provided by Property Claims Service (PCS), a division of Insurance Services Office. PCS defines a catastrophe as an event that causes U.S., Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands damage of $25 million or more in insured property losses and affects a significant number of policyholders and insureds. For events designated as natural catastrophes resulting in losses for Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global, we begin with a review of in-force policies, treaties and related limits likely to be affected by each event. For both Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global, use of information from third-party catastrophe models, industry estimates, Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 50 Table of Contents and our own proprietary adjustments are used for the estimate of ultimate losses for each catastrophe event. Incurred losses from catastrophe events for both Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global can be designated catastrophes by PCS, or deemed as a catastrophe by the international insurance industry or, for Cincinnati Re, as reported by ceding companies. IBNR reserves are calculated as the difference between the estimate of the ultimate loss and loss expenses and the sum of total loss and loss expense payments and total case reserves. For asbestos and environmental claims, we calculate IBNR reserves by deriving an actuarially-based estimate of total unpaid loss and loss expenses. We then reduce the estimate by total case reserves. We discuss the reserve analysis that applies to asbestos and environmental reserves in Liquidity and Capital Resources, Asbestos and Environmental Loss and Loss Expense Reserves. For loss expenses that pertain primarily to salaries and other costs related to our claims associates, also referred to as adjusting and other expense or AOE, we calculate reserves based on an analysis of the relationship between paid losses and paid AOE. Reserves for AOE are allocated to company, line of business and accident year based on a claim count algorithm. Claim counts reported and used in the reserving process are primarily measured by insurance coverages that are triggered when a loss occurs and a reserve is established. Coverages are defined as unique combinations of certain attributes such as line of business and cause of loss. Claims that are opened and closed without payment are included in the reported claim counts. Claim counts are presented on a direct basis only and do not reflect any assumed or ceded reinsurance. For all other claims and events, including reinsurance assumed or ceded, IBNR reserves are calculated as the difference between an actuarial estimate of the ultimate cost of total loss and loss expenses incurred reduced by the sum of total loss and loss expense payments and total case reserves estimated for individual claims. Reserve amounts for those other claims and events are significant, and represent the majority of amounts shown as IBNR reserves and loss expense reserves in the table included in Liquidity and Capital Resources, Property Casualty Loss and Loss Expense Obligations and Reserves. We discuss below the development of actuarially based estimates of the ultimate cost of total loss and loss expenses incurred. Our actuarial staff applies significant judgment in selecting models and estimating model parameters when preparing reserve analyses. Unpaid loss and loss expenses are inherently uncertain as to timing and amount. Uncertainties relating to model appropriateness, parameter estimates and actual loss and loss expense amounts are referred to as model, parameter and process uncertainty, respectively. Our management and actuarial staff address these uncertainties in the reserving process in a variety of ways. Our actuarial staff bases its IBNR reserve estimates for these losses primarily on the indications of methods and models that analyze accident year data. Accident year is the year in which an insured claim, loss or loss expense occurred. The specific methods and models that our actuaries have used for the past several years are: paid and reported loss development methods paid and reported loss Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods stochastic reserving models Our actuarial staff uses diagnostics to evaluate the appropriateness of the models and methods listed above. The appropriateness of these models and methods for estimating IBNR reserves tends to depend on the tail for a line of business. Tail refers to the time interval between a typical claim s occurrence and its settlement. The loss development and Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods, particularly the reported loss variations, tend to produce more appropriate IBNR reserve estimates for our short-tail lines such as homeowner and commercial property. For our mid-tail and long-tail lines, all models and methods provide useful insights. Our actuarial staff also devotes significant time and effort to the estimation of model and method parameters. The loss development and Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods require the estimation of numerous loss development factors. The Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods also involve the estimation of numerous expected loss ratios by accident year. Stochastic reserving models can involve the estimation of development trends, calendar year inflation trends and exposure levels. Consequently, our actuarial staff monitors a number of trends and measures to gain key business insights necessary for exercising appropriate judgment when estimating the parameters mentioned, such as: company and industry pricing company and industry exposure company and industry loss frequency and severity Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 51 Table of Contents past large loss events company and industry premium company in-force policy count These trends and measures also support the estimation of expected accident year loss ratios needed for applying the Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods and for assessing the reasonability of all IBNR reserve estimates computed. Our actuarial staff reviews these trends and measures quarterly, updating parameters derived from them as necessary. Quarterly, our actuarial staff summarizes their reserve analysis by preparing an actuarial best estimate and a range of reasonable IBNR reserves intended to reflect the uncertainty of the estimate. An inter-departmental committee that includes our actuarial management team reviews the results of each quarterly reserve analysis. The committee establishes management s best estimate of IBNR reserves, which is the amount that is included in each period s financial statements. In addition to the information provided by actuarial staff, the committee also considers factors such as: large loss activity and trends in large losses new business activity judicial decisions general economic trends such as inflation trends in litigiousness and legal expenses product and underwriting changes changes in claims practices The determination of management s best estimate, like the preparation of the reserve analysis that supports it, involves considerable judgment. Changes in reserving data or the trends and factors that influence reserving data may signal fundamental shifts or may simply reflect single-period anomalies. Even if a change reflects a fundamental shift, the full extent of the change may not become evident until years later. Moreover, since our methods and models do not explicitly relate many of the factors we consider directly to reserve levels, we typically cannot quantify the precise impact of such factors on the adequacy of reserves prospectively or retrospectively. Due to the uncertainties described above, our ultimate loss experience could prove better or worse than our carried reserves reflect. To the extent that reserves are inadequate and increased, the amount of the increase is a charge in the period that the deficiency is recognized, raising our loss and loss expense ratio and reducing earnings. To the extent that reserves are redundant and released, the amount of the release is a credit in the period that the redundancy is recognized, reducing our loss and loss expense ratio and increasing earnings. Key Assumptions Loss Reserving Our actuarial staff makes a number of key assumptions when using their methods and models to derive IBNR reserve estimates. Appropriate reliance on these key assumptions essentially entails determinations of the likelihood that statistically significant patterns in historical data may extend into the future. The four most significant of the key assumptions used by our actuarial staff and approved by management are: Emergence of loss and defense and cost containment expenses, also referred to as DCCE, on an accident year basis. Historical paid loss, reported loss and paid DCCE data for the business lines we analyze contain patterns that reflect how unpaid losses, unreported losses and unpaid DCCE as of a financial statement date will emerge in the future. Unless our actuarial staff or management identifies reasons or factors that invalidate the extension of historical patterns into the future, these patterns can be used to make projections necessary for estimating IBNR reserves. Our actuaries significantly rely on this assumption in the application of all methods and models mentioned above. Calendar year inflation. For long-tail and mid-tail business lines, calendar year inflation trends for future paid losses and paid DCCE do not vary significantly from a stable, long-term average. Our actuaries base reserve estimates derived from stochastic reserving models on this assumption. Exposure levels. Historical earned premiums, when adjusted to reflect common levels of product pricing and loss cost inflation, can serve as a proxy for historical exposures. Our actuaries require this assumption to estimate expected loss ratios and expected DCCE ratios used by the Bornhuetter-Ferguson reserving methods. They may Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 52 Table of Contents also use this assumption to establish exposure levels for recent accident years, characterized by green or immature data, when working with stochastic reserving models. Claims having atypical emergence patterns. Characteristics of certain subsets of claims, such as high frequency, high severity, or mass tort claims, have the potential to distort patterns contained in historical paid loss, reported loss and paid DCCE data. When testing indicates this to be the case for a particular subset of claims, our actuaries segregate these claims from the data and analyze them separately. Subsets of claims that could fall into this category include hurricane claims or claims for other weather events where total losses we incurred were very large, individual large claims and asbestos and environmental claims. These key assumptions have not changed for several years. Paid losses, reported losses and paid DCCE are subject to random as well as systematic influences. As a result, actual paid losses, reported losses and paid DCCE are virtually certain to differ from projections. Such differences are consistent with what specific models for our business lines predict and with the related patterns in the historical data used to develop these models. As a result, management does not closely monitor statistically insignificant differences between actual and projected data. Reserve Estimate Variability Management believes that the standard error of a reserve estimate, a measure of the estimate s variability, provides the most appropriate measure of the estimate s sensitivity. The reserves we establish depend on the models we use and the related parameters we estimate in the course of conducting reserve analyses. However, the actual amount required to settle all outstanding insured claims, including IBNR claims, as of a financial statement date depends on stochastic, or random, elements as well as the systematic elements captured by our models and estimated model parameters. For the lines of business we write, process uncertainty the inherent variability of loss and loss expense payments typically contributes more to the imprecision of a reserve estimate than parameter uncertainty. Consequently, a sensitivity measure that ignores process uncertainty would provide an incomplete picture of the reserve estimate s sensitivity. Since a reserve estimate s standard error accounts for both process and parameter uncertainty, it reflects the estimate s full sensitivity to a range of reasonably likely scenarios. The table below provides standard errors and reserve ranges by major property casualty lines of business and in total for net loss and loss expense reserves as well as the potential effects on our net income, assuming a 21% federal tax rate. Standard errors and reserve ranges for assorted groupings of these lines of business cannot be computed by simply adding the standard errors and reserve ranges of the component lines of business, since such an approach would ignore the effects of product diversification. See Liquidity and Capital Resources, Property Casualty Loss and Loss Expense Obligations and Reserves, Range of Reasonable Reserves, for more details on our total reserve range. While the table reflects our assessment of the most likely range within which each line s actual unpaid loss and loss expenses may fall, one or more lines actual unpaid loss and loss expenses could nonetheless fall outside of the indicated ranges. (Dollars in millions) Net loss and loss expense range of reserves Carried reserves Low point High point Standard error Net income effect At December 31, 2025 Total $ 11,012 $ 10,073 $ 11,141 $ 534 $ 422 Commercial casualty $ 3,837 $ 3,498 $ 4,047 $ 274 $ 217 Commercial property 495 368 520 76 60 Commercial auto 1,085 1,003 1,116 57 45 Workers' compensation 1,013 855 1,047 96 76 Personal auto 580 533 620 44 35 Homeowners 571 484 580 48 38 Excess and surplus 1,268 1,081 1,384 152 120 Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 53 Table of Contents Life Policy and Investment Contract Reserves We establish the reserves for traditional life policies, including term, whole life and other products based on certain cash flow assumptions including mortality and lapse rates. These assumptions are established based on our current expectations and are reviewed annually to determine any necessary updates. They are also updated on an interim basis if evidence suggests that they should be revised. We use both our own experience and industry experience, adjusted for historical trends, in arriving at our cash flow assumptions. These reserves also include a discount rate assumption that is based on upper-medium grade fixed-income instrument yields (market value discount rates) and is updated quarterly. The gross reserve balance for term and whole life policy reserves was $1.529 billion, or 51.1%, of total life policy and investment contract reserves at December 31, 2025. The following table summarizes the sensitivity, on a net basis, of our term and whole life policy reserves and reinsurance recoverable amounts to hypothetical changes in key assumptions and the resulting increase/(decrease) to pretax net income and pretax other comprehensive income: (Dollars in millions) At December 31, 2025 Pretax Net Income Pretax Other Comprehensive Income Assumptions set by actuaries and approved by management: Mortality Effect of a 1% increase $ (7) $ Effect of a 1% decrease 7 Lapse rates Effect of a 10% increase $ 21 $ (4) Effect of a 10% decrease (20) 3 Assumptions set by market values: Market value discount rate Effect of a 100 basis point increase $ $ 160 Effect of a 100 basis point decrease (198) We establish reserves for our universal life, deferred annuity and other investment contracts, equal to the cumulative account balances, which include premium deposits plus credited interest less charges and withdrawals. Charges include surrender and contract administration charges as well as asset-based fees. The reserve balance for these contracts was $1.225 billion, or 40.9%, of total life policy and investment contract reserves, at December 31, 2025. Some of our universal life insurance policies contain no-lapse guarantee provisions. For these policies, we establish a reserve, or other additional liability, in addition to the account balance based on expected no-lapse guarantee benefits and expected policy assessments. Key assumptions used to establish this other additional liability reserve are expected investment returns and projected lapse rates. These assumptions, and other relevant inputs, are reviewed annually and on an interim basis in line with the process described above for traditional life policies. The reserve balance was $138 million, or 4.6%, of total life policy and investment contract reserves at December 31, 2025, and is included as a component of universal life reserves in Item 8, Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Asset Impairment Our investment portfolio is our largest asset. We monitor the fixed-maturity portfolio and all other assets for signs of credit-related or other impairment. We monitor decreases in the fair value of invested assets and the need for an allowance for credit losses for our fixed-maturity portfolio; allowances for expected credit losses on receivable and recoverable assets considering past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts; an accumulation of company costs in excess of the amount originally expected to acquire or construct an asset; or other factors such as bankruptcy, deterioration of creditworthiness or failure to pay interest; and changes in legal factors or in the business climate. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 54 Table of Contents The application of our invested assets impairment policy resulted in no write-downs of impaired securities intended to be sold in 2025 or 2024. Write-downs of impaired securities intended to be sold reduced our income before income taxes by $4 million in 2023. Write-downs represent noncash charges to income and are reported as investment losses. The application of our noninvested assets impairment policy did not have a material effect on our financial condition in 2025 or 2024. Our internal investment portfolio managers monitor their assigned portfolios. If a fixed-maturity security is valued below amortized cost, the portfolio managers undertake additional reviews. Such declines often occur in conjunction with events taking place in the overall economy and market, combined with events specific to the industry or operations of the issuing organization. Managers review quantitative measurements such as a declining trend in fair value and the extent of the fair value decline, as well as qualitative measures such as pending events, credit ratings and issuer liquidity. We are even more proactive when these declines in valuation are greater than might be anticipated when viewed in the context of overall economic and market conditions. We provide detailed information about fixed-maturity securities fair valued in a continuous loss position at year-end 2025 in Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. An available for sale fixed-maturity security is impaired if the fair value of the security is below amortized cost. The impaired loss is charged to net income when we have the intent to sell the security or it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost. For impaired securities we intend to hold, an allowance for credit related losses is recorded in investment losses when the company determines a credit loss has been incurred based on certain factors such as adverse conditions, credit rating downgrades or failure of the issuer to make scheduled principal or interest payments. A credit loss is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis by comparing the present value of expected cash flows with the amortized cost basis, limited to the difference between fair value and amortized cost. Noncredit losses are recognized in other comprehensive income as a change in unrealized gains and losses on investments. We provide information about valuations of our invested assets in Item 8, Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 55 Table of Contents Fair Value Measurements Valuation of Financial Instruments Fair value is defined as the exit price or the amount that would be (1) received to sell an asset or (2) paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between marketplace participants at the measurement date. When determining an exit price, we must, whenever possible, rely upon observable market data. We have categorized our financial instruments, based on the priority of the inputs to the valuation technique, into a three-level fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). If the inputs used to measure the financial instruments fall within different levels of the hierarchy, the categorization is based on the lowest level that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument. While we consider pricing data from outside services, we ultimately determine whether the data or inputs used by these outside services are observable or unobservable. Financial assets and liabilities recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are categorized based on the inputs to the valuation techniques as described in Item 8, Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Level 1 and Level 2 Valuation Techniques Substantially all of the $30.965 billion of securities in our investment portfolio at year-end 2025, measured at fair value, are classified as Level 1 or Level 2. Financial assets that fall within Level 1 and Level 2 are priced according to observable data from identical or similar securities that have traded in the marketplace. Also within Level 2 are securities that are valued by outside services or brokers where we have evaluated and verified the pricing methodology and determined that the inputs are observable. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Information about recent accounting pronouncements is provided in Item 8, Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 56 Table of Contents Financial Results Consolidated financial results primarily reflect the results of our five reporting segments. These segments are defined based on financial information we use to evaluate performance and to determine the allocation of assets. Commercial lines insurance Personal lines insurance Excess and surplus lines insurance Life insurance Investments We report as Other the noninvestment operations of the parent company and its noninsurer subsidiary, CFC Investment Company. In addition, Other includes the financial results of our reinsurance assumed operations, known as Cincinnati Re , and our London-based global specialty underwriter, known as Cincinnati Global Underwriting Ltd. SM (Cincinnati Global). We measure profit or loss for our commercial lines, personal lines, excess and surplus lines and life insurance segments based upon underwriting results (profit or loss), which represent net earned premium less loss and loss expenses, or contract holders benefits incurred, and underwriting expenses on a pretax basis. We also evaluate results for our consolidated property casualty insurance operations. That is the total of our standard market segments (commercial lines and personal lines), our excess and surplus lines insurance segment, Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global. For analysis of our consolidated property casualty insurance results, it is important to include the earned premiums, loss and loss expenses and also underwriting expenses reported as Other. Underwriting results and segment pretax operating income are not substitutes for net income determined in accordance with GAAP. For our consolidated property casualty insurance operations as well as the insurance segments, statutory accounting data and ratios are key performance indicators that we use to assess business trends and to make comparisons to industry results, since GAAP-based industry data generally is not as readily available. Investments held by the parent company and the investment portfolios for the insurance subsidiaries are managed and reported as the investments segment, separate from our underwriting business. Net investment income and net investment gains and losses for our investment portfolios are discussed in Investments Results. The calculations of segment data are described in more detail in Item 8, Note 18 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The following sections provide analysis and discussion of results of operations for each of the five segments. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 57 Table of Contents Consolidated Property Casualty Insurance Results Earned and net written premiums for our consolidated property casualty operations grew in 2025, reflecting average renewal price increases, a higher level of insured exposures and strategic initiatives for targeted growth. A key measure of property casualty profitability is underwriting profit or loss. Our 2025 underwriting profit of $501 million was $79 million less than in 2024, including a $249 million unfavorable effect from a higher amount of catastrophe losses, primarily from the January 2025 wildfires in southern California. Prior accident year loss experience before catastrophes during 2025 was $13 million less favorable than in 2024. When estimating the ultimate cost of total loss and loss expenses, we consider many factors, including trends for inflation, historical paid and reported losses, large loss activity and other data or information for the industry and our company. Higher losses and loss expenses, especially for liability lines of business, reflect increased uncertainty of estimated ultimate losses. Until longer-term paid loss cost trends or other inflation effects become more clear, we intend to remain prudent in reserving for estimated ultimate losses. We continue working to improve underwriting profitability, such as through higher pricing and our ongoing initiatives to improve pricing precision and loss experience related to claims and loss control practices. Underwriting profit trends are discussed further below. The table below highlights property casualty results, with analysis and discussion in the sections that follow. That analysis and discussion includes sections by segment. Overview Three-Year Highlights (Dollars in millions) Years ended December 31, 2025-2024 2024-2023 2025 2024 2023 Change % Change % Earned premiums $ 9,653 $ 8,568 $ 7,645 13 12 Fee revenues 14 12 11 17 9 Total revenues 9,667 8,580 7,656 13 12 Loss and loss expenses from: Current accident year before catastrophe losses 5,485 4,848 4,463 13 9 Current accident year catastrophe losses 1,046 824 710 27 16 Prior accident years before catastrophe losses (128) (141) (168) 9 16 Prior accident years catastrophe losses (68) (95) (47) 28 (102) Loss and loss expenses 6,335 5,436 4,958 17 10 Underwriting expenses 2,831 2,564 2,297 10 12 Underwriting profit $ 501 $ 580 $ 401 (14) 45 Ratios as a percent of earned premiums: Pt. Change Pt. Change Current accident year before catastrophe losses 56.8 % 56.6 % 58.4 % 0.2 (1.8) Current accident year catastrophe losses 10.8 9.6 9.3 1.2 0.3 Prior accident years before catastrophe losses (1.3) (1.6) (2.2) 0.3 0.6 Prior accident years catastrophe losses (0.7) (1.1) (0.6) 0.4 (0.5) Loss and loss expenses 65.6 63.5 64.9 2.1 (1.4) Underwriting expenses 29.3 29.9 30.0 (0.6) (0.1) Combined ratio 94.9 % 93.4 % 94.9 % 1.5 (1.5) Combined ratio: 94.9 % 93.4 % 94.9 % 1.5 (1.5) Contribution from catastrophe losses and prior years reserve development 8.8 6.9 6.5 1.9 0.4 Combined ratio before catastrophe losses and prior years reserve development 86.1 % 86.5 % 88.4 % (0.4) (1.9) Performance highlights for consolidated property casualty operations include: Premiums Agency renewal written premiums increased $943 million or 13% in 2025, compared with 2024, and continued to contribute to growth in earned premiums and net written premiums that rose in each of our property casualty insurance segments. The renewal premium increase was largely due to average renewal price Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 58 Table of Contents increases and a higher level of insured exposures. Price increases with enhanced precision continue to benefit operating results. New business written premiums produced through agencies decreased $67 million in 2025, compared with 2024. Agents appointed during 2025 or 2024 produced a 2025 increase in standard lines new business of $87 million. Growth initiatives also favorably affect growth in subsequent years, particularly as newer agency relationships mature over time. Cincinnati Re produced $591 million of 2025 net written premiums, a $6 million decrease in other written premiums, compared with 2024. Cincinnati Re assumes risks through reinsurance treaties and in some cases cedes part of the risk and related premiums to one or more unaffiliated reinsurance companies through transactions known as retrocessions. The decrease included a $12 million net favorable effect from estimated premiums to reinstate treaties affected by the California wildfires. In 2025, earned premiums for Cincinnati Re totaled $582 million. Net written premiums for Cincinnati Global were $334 million in 2025, an increase of $31 million in other written premiums, compared with 2024. In 2025, earned premiums for Cincinnati Global totaled $311 million. Other written premiums also include premiums ceded to reinsurers as part of our ceded reinsurance program. An increase in ceded premiums, other than Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global premiums, reduced net written premium growth by $58 million in 2025. Other written premiums for 2025 included a net unfavorable amount of $52 million for reinsurance treaty reinstatement premiums related to the California wildfires, including a favorable $12 million for Cincinnati Re and an unfavorable $64 million for our personal lines insurance segment. The table below analyzes premium revenue components and trends. (Dollars in millions) Years ended December 31, 2025-2024 2024-2023 2025 2024 2023 Change % Change % Agency renewal written premiums $ 8,023 $ 7,080 $ 6,261 13 13 Agency new business written premiums 1,474 1,541 1,177 (4) 31 Other written premiums 585 622 608 (6) 2 Net written premiums 10,082 9,243 8,046 9 15 Unearned premium change (429) (675) (401) 36 (68) Earned premiums $ 9,653 $ 8,568 $ 7,645 13 12 Combined ratio The combined ratio increased by 1.5 percentage points in 2025, compared with 2024, including a 1.6 percentage-point increase in the ratio for catastrophe losses. The 2025 ratio for current accident year losses and loss expenses before catastrophes increased by 0.2 percentage points. That ratio increase included an increase of 1.4 points for the IBNR portion and a decrease of 1.2 points for the case incurred portion. Price increases and other underwriting efforts have helped to manage effects of losses that include inflation effects. The remainder of the 2025 combined ratio increase included a decrease of 0.6 percentage points in the ratio for underwriting expenses, partially offset by 0.3 percentage points less benefit in the ratio for prior accident year losses and loss expenses before catastrophes. We further discuss ratios related to reserve development in the sections that follow the Catastrophe Losses Incurred table below. Our statutory combined ratio was 94.7% in 2025 compared with 92.9% in 2024 and 94.6% in 2023. The estimated statutory combined ratio for the property casualty industry, with the industry s ratio excluding its mortgage and financial guaranty lines of business and based on industry data reported through the first nine months of 2025, was 94.0% in 2025, 98.9% in 2024 and 101.9% in 2023. The contribution of catastrophe losses to our statutory combined ratio was 10.1 percentage points in 2025, 8.4 percentage points in 2024 and 8.8 percentage points in 2023, compared with industry estimates of 8.0, 7.7 and 8.5 percentage points, respectively, with 2025 representing industry data reported through the first nine months of 2025. Components of the combined ratio are discussed below. Catastrophe loss trends are an important factor in assessing trends for overall underwriting results. Our 10-year historical annual average contribution of catastrophe losses to the combined ratio was 8.6 percentage points at December 31, 2025. Our five-year average was 9.0 percentage points. Net losses from catastrophes for 2025 included recoveries from various reinsurers that participate in our reinsurance ceded treaties. The recovery related to the California wildfires based on loss estimates as of December 31, 2025, was $435 million, excluding reinsurance recoveries from Cincinnati Re. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 59 Table of Contents During 2025, there was no recovery from reinsurers for losses pertaining to the Cincinnati Re only reinsurance program effective June 1, 2025. For the program effective June 1, 2024, recoveries of $34 million were estimated for the 2025 California wildfires. See Item 7, Liquidity and Capital Resources, 2026 Reinsurance Ceded Programs, for a discussion of the Cincinnati Re only reinsurance program and other reinsurance coverage. The following table shows catastrophe losses incurred for the past two calendar years, net of reinsurance, as well as the effect of loss development on prior period catastrophe reserves. We individually list declared catastrophe events for which our incurred losses reached or exceeded $25 million. Catastrophe Losses Incurred (Dollars in millions, net of reinsurance) Excess and surplus lines Commercial lines Personal lines Dates Events Regions Other Total 2025 Jan. 7-28 Wildfire West $ 1 $ 325 $ $ 122 $ 448 Mar. 14-17 Flood, Lightning, Wind Midwest, Northeast, South 56 96 1 1 154 Apr. 1-7 Flood, Lightning, Wind Midwest, South 14 32 46 May 15-16 Flood, Lightning, Wind Midwest, Northeast 31 91 1 2 125 All other 2025 catastrophes 86 165 2 20 273 Development on 2024 and prior catastrophes (20) (37) (2) (9) (68) Calendar year incurred total $ 168 $ 672 $ 2 $ 136 $ 978 2024 Mar. 12-17 Flood, Lightning, Wind Midwest, South $ 30 $ 31 $ $ $ 61 Mar. 31 - Apr. 4 Flood, Lightning, Wind Midwest, Northeast, South 9 23 32 May 6-10 Flood, Lightning, Wind Midwest, South 25 30 1 56 May 25-26 Flood, Lightning, Wind Midwest, South 38 29 1 68 Jul. 13-18 Flood, Lightning, Wind Midwest, Northeast 18 11 29 Sep. 25-28 Flood, Lightning, Wind Midwest, South (Helene) 55 133 2 43 233 Oct. 9-10 Flood, Lightning, Wind South (Milton) 6 3 61 70 All other 2024 catastrophes 92 149 4 30 275 Development on 2023 and prior catastrophes (31) (43) (21) (95) Calendar year incurred total $ 242 $ 366 $ 8 $ 113 $ 729 Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 60 Table of Contents Consolidated Property Casualty Insurance Loss and Loss Expenses Loss and loss expenses include both net paid losses and reserve changes for unpaid losses as well as the associated loss expenses. For all property casualty lines of business in aggregate, net loss and loss expense reserves at December 31, 2025, were $1.344 billion higher than at year-end 2024, including $1.143 billion for incurred but not reported (IBNR) reserves. The $1.344 billion reserve increase raised year-end 2024 net loss and loss expense reserves by 14%, compared with a 13% increase in 2025 earned premiums. Most of the incurred losses and loss expenses shown in the consolidated property casualty insurance results three-year highlights table are for the respective current accident years, with reserve development on prior accident years shown separately. Since less than half of our consolidated property casualty current accident year incurred losses and loss expenses represents net paid amounts, the majority represents reserves for our estimate of ultimate losses and loss expenses. These reserves develop over time, and we re-estimate previously reported reserves as we learn more about the development of the related claims. The table below illustrates that development. For example, the 66.2% accident year 2024 loss and loss expense ratio reported as of December 31, 2024, developed favorably by 3.2 percentage points to 63.0% due to claims settling for less than previously estimated, or due to updated reserve estimates for unpaid claims, as of December 31, 2025. Accident years 2024 and 2023 have both developed favorably, as indicated by the progression over time for the ratios in the table. (Dollars in millions) Accident year loss and loss expenses incurred and ratios to earned premiums: Accident year: 2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023 as of December 31, 2025 $ 6,531 $ 5,396 $ 4,796 67.6 % 63.0 % 62.7 % as of December 31, 2024 5,672 4,804 66.2 62.8 as of December 31, 2023 5,173 67.7 Catastrophe loss trends, discussed above, accounted for some of the movement in the current accident year loss and loss expense ratio for 2025, compared with 2024. Catastrophe losses added 10.8 percentage points in 2025, 9.6 points in 2024 and 9.3 points in 2023 to the respective consolidated property casualty current accident year loss and loss expense ratios in the table above. The 56.8% ratio for current accident year loss and loss expenses before catastrophe losses for 2025 increased 0.2 percentage points compared with the 56.6% accident year 2024 ratio measured as of December 31, 2024. The increase included a 0.4 percentage-point increase in the ratio for current accident year losses of $2 million or more per claim, shown in the table below. It also included an unfavorable 0.3 points for the net effect of $52 million for reinsurance treaty reinstatement premiums related to the January 2025 wildfires in southern California. Reserve development on prior accident years continued to net to a favorable amount in 2025, and was primarily due to less-than-anticipated loss emergence on known claims. We recognized $196 million of favorable development in 2025, compared with $236 million in 2024 and $215 million in 2023. Of the $40 million decrease in 2025, compared with 2024, $46 million was attributable to our commercial auto line of business. Approximately 97% of our net favorable reserve development on prior accident years recognized during 2025 occurred in our commercial property and workers' compensation lines of business. In 2024, our workers' compensation, commercial property and homeowner lines of business were responsible for approximately 89% of the favorable reserve development. As discussed in Liquidity and Capital Resources, Property Casualty Loss and Loss Expense Obligations and Reserves, Property Casualty Insurance Development of Estimated Reserves by Accident Year, commercial casualty and workers' compensation are considered long-tail lines with the potential for revisions inherent in estimating reserves. Favorable development recognized during 2023 was primarily from our workers compensation, commercial property and homeowner lines of business. Development by accident year is further discussed in Liquidity and Capital Resources, Property Casualty Insurance Development of Estimated Reserves by Accident Year. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 61 Table of Contents Consolidated Property Casualty Insurance Losses by Size (Dollars in millions, net of reinsurance) Years ended December 31, 2025-2024 2024-2023 2025 2024 2023 Change % Change % Current accident year losses greater than $5,000,000 $ 116 $ 68 $ 141 71 (52) Current accident year losses $2,000,000-$5,000,000 156 138 144 13 (4) Large loss prior accident year reserve development 172 75 94 129 (20) Total large losses incurred 444 281 379 58 (26) Losses incurred but not reported 814 783 596 4 31 Other losses excluding catastrophe losses 3,046 2,782 2,571 9 8 Catastrophe losses 939 704 634 33 11 Total losses incurred $ 5,243 $ 4,550 $ 4,180 15 9 Ratios as a percent of earned premiums: Pt. Change Pt. Change Current accident year losses greater than $5,000,000 1.2 % 0.8 % 1.9 % 0.4 (1.1) Current accident year losses $2,000,000-$5,000,000 1.6 1.6 1.9 0.0 (0.3) Large loss prior accident year reserve development 1.8 0.9 1.2 0.9 (0.3) Total large loss ratio 4.6 3.3 5.0 1.3 (1.7) Losses incurred but not reported 8.4 9.1 7.8 (0.7) 1.3 Other losses excluding catastrophe losses 31.6 32.5 33.6 (0.9) (1.1) Catastrophe losses 9.7 8.2 8.3 1.5 (0.1) Total loss ratio 54.3 % 53.1 % 54.7 % 1.2 (1.6) In 2025, total large losses incurred increased by $163 million, or 58%, net of reinsurance, largely due to an increase for our commercial lines insurance segment. The corresponding 2025 ratio increased 1.3 percentage points, compared with 2024. The large loss data in the table above does not include Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global. Our analysis of large losses incurred indicated no unexpected concentration of these losses and reserve increases by geographic region, policy inception, agency or field marketing territory. We believe the inherent volatility of aggregate loss experience for our portfolio of larger policies is greater than that of our portfolio of smaller policies, and we continue to monitor the volatility in addition to general inflationary trends in loss costs. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 62 Table of Contents Consolidated Property Casualty Insurance Underwriting Expenses (Dollars in millions) Years ended December 31, 2025-2024 2024-2023 2025 2024 2023 Change % Change % Commission expenses $ 1,845 $ 1,605 $ 1,438 15 12 Other underwriting expenses 981 953 854 3 12 Policyholder dividends 5 6 5 (17) 20 Total underwriting expenses $ 2,831 $ 2,564 $ 2,297 10 12 Ratios as a percent of earned premiums: Pt. Change Pt. Change Commission expenses 19.1 % 18.7 % 18.8 % 0.4 (0.1) Other underwriting expenses 10.1 11.1 11.1 (1.0) 0.0 Policyholder dividends 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.0 0.0 Total underwriting expense ratio 29.3 % 29.9 % 30.0 % (0.6) (0.1) Consolidated property casualty commission expenses rose $240 million, or 15%, in 2025, with profit-sharing commissions for agencies increasing by $41 million. The 2025 ratio of commission expenses as a percent of earned premiums increased by 0.4 percentage points, compared with 2024. The ratio for 2024 decreased compared with 2023. In 2025, other underwriting expenses as a percent of earned premiums decreased by 1.0 percentage points, compared with 2024, as earned premiums rose faster than other underwriting expenses. The ratio improvement was primarily from a decrease in employee-related expenses. The 2025 ratio also included an unfavorable 0.2 points for the effect of reinstatement premiums. In 2024, other underwriting expenses as a percent of earned premiums matched 2023, as earned premiums kept pace with other underwriting expenses. The three-year period ending in 2025 also included ongoing expense management efforts. Commission expenses include our profit-sharing commissions, which are primarily based on one-year and three-year profitability of an agency s business. The aggregate profit trend for agencies that earn these profit-based commissions can differ from the aggregate profit trend for all agencies reflected in our consolidated property casualty results. Salaries, benefits and payroll taxes for our associates account for approximately half of our property casualty other underwriting expenses. Most of our associates either provide direct service to the property casualty portion of our agencies businesses or provide support to those associates. Discussions below of our property casualty insurance segments provide additional details about our results. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 63 Table of Contents Commercial Lines Insurance Results Overview Three-Year Highlights (Dollars in millions) Years ended December 31, 2025-2024 2024-2023 2025 2024 2023 Change % Change % Earned premiums $ 4,863 $ 4,486 $ 4,264 8 5 Fee revenues 5 4 4 25 0 Total revenues 4,868 4,490 4,268 8 5 Loss and loss expenses from: Current accident year before catastrophe losses 2,912 2,660 2,594 9 3 Current accident year catastrophe losses 188 273 316 (31) (14) Prior accident years before catastrophe losses (110) (107) (112) (3) 4 Prior accident years catastrophe losses (20) (31) (11) 35 (182) Loss and loss expenses 2,970 2,795 2,787 6 0 Underwriting expenses 1,459 1,384 1,313 5 5 Underwriting profit $ 439 $ 311 $ 168 41 85 Ratios as a percent of earned premiums: Pt. Change Pt. Change Current accident year before catastrophe losses 59.9 % 59.3 % 60.8 % 0.6 (1.5) Current accident year catastrophe losses 3.9 6.1 7.4 (2.2) (1.3) Prior accident years before catastrophe losses (2.3) (2.4) (2.6) 0.1 0.2 Prior accident years catastrophe losses (0.4) (0.7) (0.2) 0.3 (0.5) Loss and loss expenses 61.1 62.3 65.4 (1.2) (3.1) Underwriting expenses 30.0 30.9 30.8 (0.9) 0.1 Combined ratio 91.1 % 93.2 % 96.2 % (2.1) (3.0) Combined ratio: 91.1 % 93.2 % 96.2 % (2.1) (3.0) Contribution from catastrophe losses and prior years reserve development 1.2 3.0 4.6 (1.8) (1.6) Combined ratio before catastrophe losses and prior years reserve development 89.9 % 90.2 % 91.6 % (0.3) (1.4) Performance highlights for the commercial lines insurance segment include: Premiums Earned premiums and net written premiums rose in 2025, including a $263 million, or 6%, increase in renewal written premiums that continued to include higher average pricing and a higher level of insured exposures. New business written premiums in 2025 increased $27 million, or 4%, compared with 2024, as we continued to carefully underwrite each policy in a highly competitive market. Combined ratio The 2025 combined ratio improved by 2.1 percentage points compared with 2024, including a 1.9 percentage-point decrease in the ratio component for catastrophe losses. The 2025 combined ratio improvement was partially offset by 0.6 points from a higher ratio for current accident year loss and loss expenses before catastrophe losses, compared with 2024. That ratio increase included an increase of 1.9 points for the IBNR portion and a decrease of 1.3 points for the case incurred portion. Price increases and other underwriting actions have helped to manage effects of losses that include inflation effects. Development on prior accident years loss and loss expense reserves before catastrophes during 2025 was 0.1 percentage points less favorable than in 2024, as discussed below. Pricing precision and other initiatives to improve commercial lines underwriting profitability complement our business practices that continue to leverage the local presence of our field associates. Field marketing representatives meet with local agencies to assess each risk, determine limits of insurance and establish appropriate terms and conditions. They underwrite new business, with collaboration and expertise from headquarters associates as needed, while field loss control, machinery and equipment and claims representatives conduct on-site inspections. Field claims representatives also assist underwriters by preparing full reports on their first-hand observations of risk quality. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 64 Table of Contents Our commercial lines statutory combined ratio was 90.3% in 2025, compared with 92.2% in 2024 and 95.6% in 2023. The contribution of catastrophe losses to our commercial lines statutory combined ratio was 3.5 percentage points in 2025, 5.4 percentage points in 2024 and 7.2 percentage points in 2023. Commercial Lines Insurance Premiums (Dollars in millions) Years ended December 31, 2025-2024 2024-2023 2025 2024 2023 Change % Change % Agency renewal written premiums $ 4,350 $ 4,087 $ 3,876 6 5 Agency new business written premiums 768 741 584 4 27 Other written premiums (120) (138) (124) 13 (11) Net written premiums 4,998 4,690 4,336 7 8 Unearned premium change (135) (204) (72) 34 (183) Earned premiums $ 4,863 $ 4,486 $ 4,264 8 5 We continue to refine our use of predictive analytics tools to improve pricing precision as we further segment commercial lines policies, emphasizing identification and retention of policies we believe have relatively stronger price adequacy. These tools better align individual insurance policy pricing to risk attributes, providing our underwriters with enhanced abilities to target profitability and to discuss pricing impacts with our agencies. We also continue to leverage our local relationships with agents through the efforts of our teams that work closely with them. We believe our field focus is unique and has several advantages, including providing us with quality intelligence on local market conditions. We seek to maintain appropriate pricing discipline for both new and renewal business as management continues to emphasize the importance of our agencies and underwriters assessing account quality to make careful decisions on a case-by-case basis whether to write new business or renew a policy. Premium rate credits may be used to retain renewals of quality business and to earn new business, but we do so selectively in order to avoid commercial accounts that we believe have insufficient profit margins. Our 6% increase in 2025 agency renewal written premiums included higher average pricing. We measure average changes in commercial lines renewal pricing as the rate of change in renewal premium for the new policy period compared with the premium for the expiring policy period, assuming no change in the level of insured exposures or policy coverage between those periods for respective policies. In 2025, our standard commercial lines policies averaged an estimated pricing change at a percentage in the mid-single-digit range. Our average commercial lines pricing change includes the flat pricing effect of certain coverages within package policies written for a three-year term that were in force but did not expire during the period being measured. Therefore, the average commercial lines pricing change we report reflects a blend of policies that did not expire and other policies that did expire during the measurement period. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 65 Table of Contents For only those commercial lines policies that did expire and were then renewed during 2025, we estimate that the average price increase was at a percentage near the high end of the mid-single-digit range. During 2025, we continued to further segment our commercial lines policies, emphasizing identification and retention of policies we believed had relatively stronger price adequacy. Conversely, we continued to seek more aggressive renewal terms and conditions on policies we believed had relatively weaker pricing, in turn retaining fewer of those policies. Our 2025 increase of 6% for the commercial lines segment's agency renewal written premiums also included a higher level of insured exposures, in addition to other factors such as changes in policy retention rates or changes in mix of business that can cause variations in average premiums per policy. Part of the insured exposure increase reflects our response to inflation effects that increase the cost of building materials to repair damaged commercial structures. We use building valuation software to automate much of that underwriting process and may also manually adjust premiums to reflect property costs. Changes in the economy can affect insured exposures that directly relate to premium amounts charged for some policies. For commercial accounts, we usually calculate initial estimates for general liability premiums based on estimated sales or payroll volume, while we calculate workers compensation premiums based on estimated payroll volume. A change in sales or payroll volume generally indicates a change in demand for a business s goods or services, as well as a change in its exposure to risk. Policyholders who experience sales or payroll volume changes due to economic factors may also have other exposures requiring insurance, such as commercial auto or commercial property. Premium levels for these other types of coverages generally are not linked directly to sales or payroll volumes. Premiums resulting from audits of actual sales or payrolls that confirmed or adjusted initial premium estimates are part of net written premiums and earned premiums. They also contribute to increases or decreases in our agency renewal written premiums. The contribution to our commercial lines earned premiums was $92 million, $107 million and $157 million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The contribution on a net written premium basis was $92 million, $108 million and $136 million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These net written premium amounts are included with agency renewal written premiums in the Commercial Lines Insurance Premiums table above. In 2025, our commercial lines new business premiums written by our agencies increased $27 million, or 4%, compared with 2024, as we continued to carefully underwrite each policy in a highly competitive market. New business premium volume in recent years has been significantly influenced by new agency appointments. Agencies appointed since the beginning of 2024 produced commercial lines new business written premiums of $80 million, in aggregate, during 2025, up $58 million from what they produced during 2024. All other agencies contributed the remaining $688 million, down $31 million from the $719 million they produced in 2024. For new business, our field associates are frequently meeting with our agents to: help judge the quality of each account; emphasize the Cincinnati value proposition; call on sales prospects with those agents; and provide appropriate quotes after carefully evaluating risk exposures. Some of our new business comes from accounts that are not new to the agent. We believe these seasoned accounts tend to be priced more accurately than business that is new to us and the agency. As we appoint new agencies who choose to move accounts to us, we report these accounts as new business to us. Other written premiums primarily consist of premiums that are ceded to reinsurers and lower our net written premiums. A decrease in ceded premiums increased net written premium growth by $17 million in 2025. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 66 Table of Contents Commercial Lines Insurance Loss and Loss Expenses Loss and loss expenses include both net paid losses and reserve changes for unpaid losses as well as the associated loss expenses. Most of the incurred losses and loss expenses shown in the commercial lines insurance segment three-year highlights table are for the respective current accident years, with reserve development on prior accident years shown separately. Since less than half of our commercial lines insurance segment current accident year incurred losses and loss expenses represents net paid amounts, the majority represents reserves for our estimate of ultimate losses and loss expenses. These reserves develop over time, and we re-estimate previously reported reserves as we learn more about development on the related claims. The table below illustrates that development. For example, the 65.4% accident year 2024 loss and loss expense ratio reported as of December 31, 2024, developed favorably by 3.5 percentage points to 61.9% due to claims settling for less than previously estimated, or due to updates to reserve estimates for unpaid claims, as of December 31, 2025. Accident years 2024 and 2023 for the commercial lines insurance segment have both developed favorably, as indicated by the progression over time of the ratios in the table. (Dollars in millions) Accident year loss and loss expenses incurred and ratios to earned premiums: Accident year: 2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023 as of December 31, 2025 $ 3,100 $ 2,775 $ 2,672 63.8 % 61.9 % 62.7 % as of December 31, 2024 2,933 2,693 65.4 63.2 as of December 31, 2023 2,910 68.2 Catastrophe losses, as discussed in Consolidated Property Casualty Insurance Results, explain some of the movement in the current accident year loss and loss expense ratio for accident year 2025, compared with 2024. Catastrophe losses added 3.9 percentage points in 2025, 6.1 points in 2024 and 7.4 points in 2023 to the respective commercial lines current accident year loss and loss expense ratios in the table above. The 59.9% ratio for current accident year loss and loss expenses before catastrophe losses for 2025 increased 0.6 percentage points compared with the 59.3% accident year 2024 ratio measured as of December 31, 2024. The change included an increase in large losses incurred, described below including a table with corresponding ratios for new losses above $2 million, with a 0.6 percentage-point increase in the 2025 ratio. Contributions to the ratio increase included inflation effects that were partially offset by favorable impacts from various initiatives, such as those to improve pricing precision, risk selection and loss experience related to claims and loss control practices. Commercial lines reserve development on prior accident years of $130 million in 2025 continued to net to a favorable amount and provided a smaller benefit than the $138 million recognized in 2024. The $8 million net decrease in 2025, compared with 2024, included $46 million from our commercial auto line of business and $18 million from our workers' compensation line of business, partially offset by a $52 million increase from our commercial property line of business. Most of our commercial lines net favorable reserve development on prior accident years recognized during 2025 occurred in our commercial property and workers compensation lines of business. Net unfavorable reserve development on prior accident years of $41 million for commercial auto and $21 million for commercial casualty was recognized during 2025. Favorable development recognized during 2024 and 2023 was also mostly from our workers compensation and commercial property lines of business. As discussed in Critical Accounting Estimates, Property Casualty Insurance Loss and Loss Expense Reserves, stable paid and reported loss patterns are a key assumption used to make projections necessary for estimating IBNR reserves. Development by accident year and other trends for commercial lines loss and loss expenses and the related ratios are further discussed in Liquidity and Capital Resources, Property Casualty Insurance Development of Estimated Reserves by Accident Year. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 67 Table of Contents Commercial Lines Insurance Losses by Size (Dollars in millions, net of reinsurance) Years ended December 31, 2025-2024 2024-2023 2025 2024 2023 Change % Change % Current accident year losses greater than $5,000,000 $ 71 $ 51 $ 109 39 (53) Current accident year losses $2,000,000-$5,000,000 83 70 99 19 (29) Large loss prior accident year reserve development 142 73 89 95 (18) Total large losses incurred 296 194 297 53 (35) Losses incurred but not reported 380 470 328 (19) 43 Other losses excluding catastrophe losses 1,514 1,417 1,393 7 2 Catastrophe losses 157 231 291 (32) (21) Total losses incurred $ 2,347 $ 2,312 $ 2,309 2 0 Ratios as a percent of earned premiums: Pt. Change Pt. Change Current accident year losses greater than $5,000,000 1.5 % 1.1 % 2.5 % 0.4 (1.4) Current accident year losses $2,000,000-$5,000,000 1.7 1.5 2.3 0.2 (0.8) Large loss prior accident year reserve development 2.9 1.7 2.1 1.2 (0.4) Total large loss ratio 6.1 4.3 6.9 1.8 (2.6) Losses incurred but not reported 7.8 10.5 7.7 (2.7) 2.8 Other losses excluding catastrophe losses 31.2 31.5 32.7 (0.3) (1.2) Catastrophe losses 3.2 5.2 6.8 (2.0) (1.6) Total loss ratio 48.3 % 51.5 % 54.1 % (3.2) (2.6) In 2025, total large losses incurred increased by $102 million, or 53%, net of reinsurance. The corresponding 2025 ratio increased 1.8 percentage points, compared with 2024. The 2025 increase on a dollar basis was primarily due to an increase of $66 million for our commercial property line of business and $46 million for our commercial casualty line of business. The commercial casualty increase included $49 million from prior accident years. In 2024, total large losses incurred and the corresponding ratio were lower than in 2023, largely due to lower amounts of large losses for our commercial property line of business. Our analysis indicated no unexpected concentration of these losses and reserve increases by geographic region, policy inception, agency or field marketing territory. We believe the inherent volatility of aggregate loss experience for our portfolio of larger policies is greater than that of our portfolio of smaller policies, and we continue to monitor the volatility in addition to general inflationary trends in loss costs. Commercial Lines Insurance Underwriting Expenses (Dollars in millions) Years ended December 31, 2025-2024 2024-2023 2025 2024 2023 Change % Change % Commission expenses $ 900 $ 818 $ 780 10 5 Other underwriting expenses 554 560 528 (1) 6 Policyholder dividends 5 6 5 (17) 20 Total underwriting expenses $ 1,459 $ 1,384 $ 1,313 5 5 Ratios as a percent of earned premiums: Pt. Change Pt. Change Commission expenses 18.5 % 18.2 % 18.3 % 0.3 (0.1) Other underwriting expenses 11.4 12.6 12.4 (1.2) 0.2 Policyholder dividends 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.0 0.0 Total underwriting expense ratio 30.0 % 30.9 % 30.8 % (0.9) 0.1 Commercial lines commission expenses as a percent of earned premiums increased slightly in 2025, compared with 2024, reflecting an increase in the ratio for profit-sharing commissions for agencies. The ratio for 2024 decreased slightly compared with 2023. In 2025, other underwriting expenses as a percent of earned premiums decreased, compared with 2024, as other underwriting expenses decreased, primarily from employee-related expenses. In 2024, other underwriting expenses as a percent of earned premiums increased, compared with 2023, as earned Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 68 Table of Contents premiums rose at a slower pace than other underwriting expenses. The three-year period ending in 2025 also included ongoing expense management efforts. Commercial Lines Insurance Outlook Managing our commercial lines insurance segment includes efforts to address challenges in the commercial lines market of the U.S. proper