=== GEN_2025-07-28.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Gen Digital Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS 60 E. Rio Salado Parkway, Suite 1000 Tempe, Arizona 85281 Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date and Time Tuesday, September 9, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time Location Meeting live via the internet by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ GEN2025 Record Date Only stockholders of record as of the close of business on July 14, 2025 are entitled to notice of, and vote at, the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof. Dear Stockholder: You are cordially invited to attend our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting) of Gen Digital Inc. (the Company, Gen, we or us) which will be held at 9:00 a.m. (Pacific Time) on Tuesday, September 9, 2025. This year s meeting will again be completely virtual and conducted via live webcast, which will provide stockholders with substantially the same meeting participation rights and opportunities they would have at an in-person meeting. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting online and submit your questions prior to or during the meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GEN2025 . You will also be able to vote your shares electronically at the Annual Meeting. We believe hosting a virtual meeting enables increased stockholder attendance and participation since stockholders can participate from any location around the world. In addition, we believe the online format will allow us to communicate effectively with you via a pre-meeting forum that you can enter by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GEN2025 to submit questions in advance of the Annual Meeting. For your convenience, we are also pleased to offer a re-playable webcast of the Annual Meeting at investor.gendigital.com . We are holding the Annual Meeting for the following purposes, which are more fully described in the proxy statement: 1. To elect the nine nominees named in the proxy statement to Gen s Board of Directors; 2. To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as Gen s independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year; 3. To hold an advisory vote to approve executive compensation; and 4. To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. We are furnishing proxy materials to our stockholders primarily via the internet to expedite stockholders receipt of proxy materials, lower the cost of the Annual Meeting and help conserve natural resources. On or about July 28, 2025, we expect to send to our stockholders (other than those who previously requested electronic or paper delivery), a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials containing instructions on how to access our proxy materials, including our proxy statement and our annual report, and how to vote through the internet or by telephone. TABLE OF CONTENTS Only stockholders of record as of the close of business on July 14, 2025 are entitled to notice of, and can vote at, the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof. A list of stockholders entitled to vote will be available for inspection at our offices for ten days prior to the Annual Meeting. If you would like to view this stockholder list, please contact Investor Relations at IR@gendigital.com. Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to virtually attend the Annual Meeting, please vote at your earliest convenience by following the instructions in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or in the proxy card you received in the mail. If you hold your shares in street name, you may submit voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee. In most instances, you will be able to do this over the Internet, by telephone or by mail. Please refer to information from your broker, bank or other nominee on how to submit voting instructions. You may revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted. Please refer to the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Meeting Information section of the proxy statement for additional information. BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS /s/ Bryan Ko BRYAN KO Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Tempe, Arizona July 28, 2025 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on September 9, 2025: The proxy statement and Gen s Form 10-K for the 2025 fiscal year are available at https://investor.gendigital.com/financials/annual-reports/ TABLE OF CONTENTS Table Of Contents PROXY SUMMARY 1 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 8 Corporate Governance Guidelines 8 Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics 8 Insider Trading, Hedging and Pledging Policies 8 Stock Ownership Guidelines 9 Compensation Recoupment Policy 9 Stockholder Outreach and Engagement 9 Majority Vote Standard and Director Resignation Policy 10 Proxy Access 10 Board Leadership Structure 11 Board Independence 12 Change in Director Occupation 12 Director Overboarding Limits 12 Board and Committee Effectiveness and Evaluations 13 Board s Role in Risk Oversight 14 Board s Role in Oversight of Company Strategy 15 Board s Role in Political Activity 15 Information Security and Risk Oversight 16 Board s Role in Oversight of Human Capital Management 16 Responsible Business 16 Board Structure and Meetings 16 Executive Sessions 17 Succession Planning 17 Attendance of Board Members at Annual Meetings 17 THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES 18 Audit Committee 19 Compensation and Leadership Development Committee 20 Nominating and Governance Committee 21 DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS AND COMMUNICATION WITH DIRECTORS 22 Criteria for Nomination to the Board 22 Process for Identifying and Evaluating Nominees 23 Stockholder Director Nominee Submission Procedures 24 Contacting the Board of Directors 24 PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 25 Nominees for Director 25 Board Demographics 32 Director Compensation 32 Fiscal 2025 Director Compensation 34 Certain Changes Beginning in Fiscal Year 2026 34 PROPOSAL NO. 2 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 35 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 35 Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 36 PROPOSAL NO. 3 ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 37 OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 38 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 39 Five Percent Owners of Common Stock 39 Security Ownership of Executive Officers and Directors 40 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND RELATED INFORMATION 41 Compensation Discussion Analysis (CD A) 41 Compensation and Leadership Development Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 67 Compensation and Leadership Development Committee Report 67 Executive Compensation Tables 68 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control 73 CEO Pay Ratio 77 Pay Versus Performance 78 COMPANY POLICIES AND PRACTICES RELATED TO THE GRANT OF CERTAIN EQUITY AWARDS CLOSE IN TIME TO THE RELEASE OF MATERIAL NONPUBLIC INFORMATION 82 APPLICATION OF CLAWBACK POLICY TO CORRECTION OF ACCOUNTING ERROR IN FORM 10-K 83 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 84 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 86 Related-Person Transactions Policy and Procedure 86 Certain Related Party Transactions 87 REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 88 INFORMATION ABOUT SOLICITATION AND VOTING 89 ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING 90 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 94 Stockholder Proposals for the 2026 Annual Meeting 94 Available Information 94 Householding Stockholders Sharing the Same Last Name and Address 95 OTHER MATTERS 96 Note About Forward-Looking Statements 96 Information Referenced in This Proxy Statement 96 ANNEX A RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES AND EXPLANATION OF KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 97 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Information Date and Time: Tuesday, September 9, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time Location: Meeting live via the internet by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ GEN2025 Record Date: July 14, 2025 Admission: To participate in the Annual Meeting, visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GEN2025 . You will need the 16-digit control number included on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, on your proxy card or on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. If your shares are held in an account with a brokerage firm, bank or other nominee, then you may not vote your shares at the Annual Meeting unless you request and obtain a valid proxy from the organization that holds your shares giving you the right to vote your shares at the Annual Meeting. Voting Matters Proposals Board Recommendation Page Number for Additional Information 1. Election of Directors FOR 25 2. Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm FOR 35 3. Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation FOR 37 Gen 2025 Proxy | 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Our Director Nominees Age Director Since Independent Diversity Committee Memberships* Other Public Boards** AC CC NGC Susan P. Barsamian*** Director 66 2019 WD C 2 Pavel Baudis Director 65 2022 0 Eric K. Brandt Director 63 2020 C 3 John C. Chrystal Director 67 2025 1 Nora M. Denzel Director 62 2019 W C 2 Emily Heath Director 51 2021 WD 0 Vincent Pilette*** Chief Executive Officer and President 53 2019 0 Sherrese M. Smith Managing Partner, Paul Hastings 53 2021 WD 1 Ondrej Vlcek Former President of Gen, Director 48 2022 0 = Member C = Chair Committees: AC = Audit CC = Compensation and Leadership Development NGC = Nominating and Governance W = Woman D = Underrepresented Community (Ethnic Diversity and/or LGBTQ+) * Reflects our Board and committee composition following the Annual Meeting. The Technology and Cybersecurity Committee was dissolved in June 2025. ** Reflects membership on boards of companies publicly traded in the U.S. *** On July 18, 2025, Susan P. Barsamian was appointed Lead Independent Director and Vincent Pilette was named Chair of the Board. 2 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Sound Corporate Governance Practices Board Committees Consist Entirely of Independent Directors Director Resignation Policy All Current Directors Attended at least 75% of Meetings Held Stockholder Ability to Call Special Meetings (15% threshold) Independent Directors Meet Regularly in Executive Session Stockholder Ability to Act by Written Consent Director Age Limit of 72 Proxy Access Subject to Standard Eligibility Requirements Annual Board and Committee Self-Evaluations Robust Cybersecurity Program Risk Oversight by Full Board and Committees Strong Focus on Being a Responsible Business Annual Election of All Directors Extensive Stockholder Outreach/Engagement Program Director Overboarding Limits No Dual-Class or Multi-Class Stock Majority Voting for Directors FY25 Executive Compensation at a Glance In FY25, our Compensation and Leadership Development Committee approved an executive compensation program that was intended to drive long-term value creation for our company and our stockholders and reward actual performance for both short-term and long-term objectives, with commensurate payouts for extraordinary performance. We continued to value the importance of being a responsible business, given our global customer base, and our Compensation and Leadership Development Committee again incorporated responsible business metrics into our annual incentive plan. Our Executive Compensation Program Continues to Reflect Best Governance Practices Our Compensation and Leadership Development Committee designed our FY25 compensation program to be consistent with leading corporate governance and executive compensation practices: Gen 2025 Proxy | 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary What We Do At risk pay The majority of pay for our CEO and other NEOs is at risk and/or performance-based. Link to results Our short-term incentive compensation is linked directly to our financial results and may be modified by performance against responsible business metrics. A significant portion of our long-term incentive compensation is linked directly to multi-year financial results and relative total shareholder return (TSR). Predetermined goals We reward performance that meets our short- and long-term predetermined goals. Capped payouts We cap payouts under our incentive plans to discourage excessive or inappropriate risk taking by our NEOs. Peer group We reference a relevant peer group and reevaluate the peer group annually. Ownership guidelines We have robust stock ownership guidelines for our executive officers and directors. Clawback policy We have a comprehensive clawback policy, in line with applicable requirements, applicable to all performance-based compensation granted to our executive officers. Double-trigger acceleration We only provide for double-trigger change-in-control payments and benefits for our executive officers. Capped severance We do not provide for any potential cash severance payments that exceed more than 1x our executive officers base salary and target bonus, and we maintain a policy requiring stockholder approval of any cash severance benefits exceeding 2.99 times the sum of an executive officer s base salary plus target bonus. Independent consultant Our Compensation and Leadership Development Committee retains an independent compensation consultant. Say-on-pay We hold an annual advisory vote on named executive officer compensation. Stockholder engagement We seek feedback on executive compensation through stockholder engagement. Minimum vesting We require one-year minimum vesting on all stock award grants to employees, with very limited exceptions. What We Don t Do No performance, no pay We do not pay performance-based cash or equity awards for unsatisfied performance goals. No minimum payouts Our compensation plans do not have minimum guaranteed payout levels. No automatic increases We do not provide for automatic salary increases or equity award grants in offer letters or employment agreements. No short sales, hedging We do not permit short-sales, hedging or pledging of our stock. No golden parachutes We do not provide golden parachute excise tax gross-ups. No excessive severance We do not provide excessive severance payments. No SERPs We do not provide executive pension plans or SERPs. No excessive perks We do not provide excessive perquisites. No repricing We do not permit the repricing or cash-out of stock options or stock appreciation rights without stockholder approval. No unvested dividends We do not permit the payment of dividend or dividend equivalents on unvested equity awards. 4 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Compensation Components Our FY25 compensation philosophy is reflected in the following key elements of executive compensation: (i) base salary, (ii) short-term annual cash incentive awards and (iii) long-term equity incentive awards. FY25 Component Form of Compensation Performance Period Metrics and Performance Criteria Details Base Salary Cash Annual Named executive officer (NEO) base salary changes reviewed annually by CEO Compensation and Leadership Development Committee (only the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee for CEO changes) Page 50 Executive Annual Incentive Plan Cash Annual 100% based on Bookings growth with an operating profit gate. Final payout subject to a responsible business modifier -/+ 10% Page 50 Annual Equity Incentive Awards Performance-based Restricted Stock Unit (PRUs) Vests at the end of a three-year period 50% of PRUs vest in full at end of FY27 based on achievement of our 3-year relative TSR versus the Nasdaq Composite Index. 50% of PRUs vest in full at end of FY27 based on average bookings growth and average non-GAAP operating margin 50% over a multi-year period. Page 53 Restricted Stock Unit (RSUs) Vests annually over three years Service and time-based vesting. Page 55 Gen 2025 Proxy | 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Pay for Performance Alignment In FY25, we delivered another year of profitable growth, as reflected in the table below. We expanded operating margin and EPS as we scaled topline and profitability with operational discipline and a balanced capital allocation approach, returning capital to stockholders and driving stockholder value. Our FY24 cash flow was increased by an $899 million income tax refund related to the filing of our fiscal 2023 tax return. We also drove strong results with respect to our key performance metrics, as we increased direct customer count, bookings, retention rate, and average revenue per user (ARPU) year-over-year, providing a solid Cyber Safety foundation upon which to transform the company with Trust-Based Solutions. Please note that our FY24 bookings growth reflects the impact of an additional five and a half months of bookings contribution from the Avast plc acquisition, which occurred in September 2022 (Avast Merger). Since the closing of the Avast Merger, we have increased our direct customer base to over 40 million, overall annual ARPU by over $3, and our overall retention rate by two points. Each of these improved key performance metrics is a testament to the increased value we are providing our customers with our expanded product portfolio offerings and channel distribution. 6 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary We believe that the compensation received by our NEOs for FY25 reflects our performance and accomplishments during the past year as well as the rigor of our performance goals. The following table presents a summary of the performance- based components of our FY25 executive compensation program and FY25 compensation decisions related to prior fiscal year compensation programs. Component (1) Metric Achievement of target or application of modifier Executive Officer Funding FY25 Executive Annual Incentive Plan (EAIP) 100% based on FY25 bookings growth 101.1% 138% FY25 non-GAAP operating income threshold goal, which must be achieved prior to any payout 104.0% Met Responsible business modifier (applied after determining payout based on FY25 bookings growth metric) +7% FY25 Performance-based Restricted Stock Units 50% based on 3-year TSR relative to the Nasdaq Composite Index N/A N/A 50% based on average bookings growth and average non-GAAP operating margin 50% N/A N/A FY23 Performance-based Restricted Stock Units (2) 50% based on 3-year TSR relative to the Nasdaq Composite Index 68.7% Rank 175% 50% based on average bookings growth and average non-GAAP operating margin 50% 11.7% 200% (1) Please see discussion in the CD A section of this proxy statement below for more detail regarding how these metrics are calculated. We generally excluded any discussion of PRUs granted in prior fiscal years for which no compensation decisions were made in FY25 which were earned following the completion of FY25, except we have included a brief discussion of PRUs granted in previous years under our Value Creation Program. (2) Achievement certified by the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee following the end of FY25. Meeting Information We provide information about Gen Digital Inc. s 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting), voting and additional information starting on page 94 . Gen 2025 Proxy | 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Gen Digital Inc. (Gen, the Company, we or us) is strongly committed to corporate governance best practices. These practices provide an important framework within which our Board of Directors (the Board) and management can pursue our strategic objectives for the benefit of our stockholders. Corporate Governance Guidelines Our Corporate Governance Guidelines generally specify the rights and responsibilities of the Board, management and stockholders, and detail the rules and procedures for making decisions on corporate affairs. In general, the stockholders elect the Board and vote on certain extraordinary matters. The Board is responsible for ensuring that Gen is managed in a manner, which serves the interests of its stockholders. Management is responsible for running our day-to-day operations. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at investor.gendigital.com , by clicking on Governance Documents under the Governance tab. Our Nominating and Governance Committee reviews the Corporate Governance Guidelines at least annually and recommends changes to our Board for approval as appropriate. Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics We have adopted a code of conduct that applies to all of our Board members, officers, employees, interns and contractors, as well as third parties acting on behalf of the Company. The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the Company s ethics and compliance program, including the Company s commitment to respect human, cultural and legal rights, and meets with the Head of Compliance on a periodic basis to review and discuss the Company s programs. We have also adopted a code of ethics for our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and senior financial officers, including our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Our Code of Conduct and Financial Code of Ethics are posted on the Investor Relations section of our website located at investor.gendigital.com , by clicking on Governance Documents under the Governance tab. Any amendments or waivers of our Code of Conduct and Financial Code of Ethics pertaining to a member of our Board or one of our executive officers will be disclosed on our website at the above-referenced address. Insider Trading, Hedging and Pledging Policies We are committed to promoting high standards of ethical business conduct and compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. As part of this commitment, we have adopted our Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of our securities by our directors, officers, and employees that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the exchange listing standards applicable to us. Our Insider Trading Policy applies to all of our officers, employees, directors, consultants and contractors worldwide, prohibits such persons, from (i) short-selling Gen securities, (ii) engaging in hedging transactions involving Gen stock-based derivative securities (e.g. buying and/or writing puts and calls, equity swaps, exchange funds, collars, transaction in straddles and the like), (iii) buying or selling publicly traded options, and (iv) holding Gen securities in a margin account or otherwise pledging Gen securities as collateral for a loan; however, holding and exercising options or other derivative securities granted under Gen s stock option or equity incentive plans and holding the contingent value rights acquired in connection with Gen s acquisition of MoneyLion is not prohibited by this policy. Our policy also prohibits pledging Gen stock as collateral for a loan or holding company securities in a margin account. Waivers may be granted with respect to arrangements that were in existence before becoming a director or employee. 8 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance In addition, our Insider Trading Policy prohibits our officers, employees, directors, consultants and contractors worldwide from purchasing or selling Gen securities while in possession of material, nonpublic information and during quarterly and special blackout periods. Our quarterly trading window opens on the second business day following the quarterly earnings announcement and closes on the 10 th day of the 3rd month in the quarter. However, Rule 10b5-1 allows insiders to sell and diversify their holdings in our stock over a designated period by adopting prearranged stock trading plans at a time when they are not aware of material nonpublic information about us, and subsequently sell shares of our common stock in accordance with the terms of their stock trading plans without regard to whether or not they are in possession of material nonpublic information about Gen at the time of the sale. Additionally, we require certain individuals, including directors, executive officers and designated employees, together with their family members and controlled entities (Pre-Clearance Insiders), to receive pre-clearance prior to engaging in transactions in Gen securities. All Pre-Clearance Insiders are encouraged to trade using only Rule 10b5-1 plans that comply with applicable securities laws but are not required to do so. Our Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19.01 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for FY25, filed with the SEC on May 15, 2025. Stock Ownership Guidelines Our Compensation and Leadership Development Committee adopted stock ownership guidelines to better align our non-employee directors and executive leadership team members interests with those of our stockholders. Our Executive Leadership Team Members consist of the CEO and President, Chief Financial Officer, all other Section 16 officers and each member of the CEO s extended leadership team. Details of our directors stock ownership guidelines are disclosed under Director Stock Ownership Guidelines on page 33 , and details of our executive officers stock ownership guidelines are disclosed under Key Compensation and Governance Policies Stock Ownership Guidelines in the Compensation Discussion Analysis section on page 61 . The Compensation and Leadership Development Committee determines the stock ownership guidelines and the Nominating and Governance Committee monitors compliance under such guidelines. Compensation Recoupment Policy The SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC s (Nasdaq) adopted final rules implementing the incentive-based compensation recovery provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which require listed companies to develop and implement a policy providing for the recovery of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation received by current or former executive officers. In accordance with these final rules, on October 3, 2023, our Board adopted a new compensation recoupment policy (the Clawback Policy) to reflect these new requirements. In addition to requiring the recovery of compensation in the event of a restatement, our Clawback Policy also allows our Compensation and Leadership Development Committee to recover both time and performance-based cash and equity compensation in the event of a material violation of the Company s Code of Conduct, Financial Code of Ethics or other Gen policy or awareness of or willful blindness to such misconduct. Our Clawback Policy is filed as Exhibit 97.01 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for FY25, filed with the SEC on May 15, 2025. Please see Application of Clawback Policy to Correction of Accounting Error in Form 10-K for information regarding why no recovery was required for a correction that was made to our Form 10-K for FY25. Stockholder Outreach and Engagement We are committed to ongoing engagement with our stockholders to gain valuable insight into the issues that matter most to them and to enable Gen to address them effectively. We routinely interact and communicate with stockholders through a number of forums, including through quarterly earnings presentations, SEC filings (including the Annual Report and Proxy Statement), the Annual Meeting, our in-person Analyst Investor Day, and investor meetings, events and conferences. During 2025, we completed investor outreach to a majority of our largest stockholders. In these meetings, we discussed matters such as Gen s results, prospects, business model, corporate governance, and executive compensation programs and goal settings and metrics. Gen 2025 Proxy | 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Following these meetings, we shared stockholder feedback and trends and developments about corporate governance, responsible business matters, executive compensation and other issues with our Board, our Compensation and Leadership Development Committee and our Nominating and Governance Committee, as we seek to enhance our corporate governance and executive compensation program and improve our disclosures. Additionally, accountability to our stockholders continues to be an important component of the Company s success. We take accountability seriously and seek feedback through stockholder engagement to understand investor views and preferences. Following our discussions with investors this year, we determined not to make any changes to our corporate governance practices in FY25. We also determined it to be appropriate for the FY25 compensation program to maintain many of the same elements as our FY24 compensation program, except in the case of our FY25 executive annual incentive plan, in which we eliminated non-GAAP operating income as a weighted metric (this metric continues in the FY25 plan as a threshold gate) and increased the weighting of the bookings growth metric from 50% to 100%. This change was made to help refocus and drive our Executives to deliver on increasing profitable growth, rather than the initiative to realize promised cost synergies related to the Avast Merger in FY24. We look forward to continued engagement and dialogue with our stockholders to better meet their needs and expectations. Majority Vote Standard and Director Resignation Policy Our Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines provide for a majority voting standard for the election of directors. Under the majority vote standard, each nominee must be elected by a majority of the votes cast with respect to such nominee at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present. A majority of the votes cast means the votes cast for a nominee s election must exceed the votes cast against that nominee s election. A plurality voting standard will apply instead of the majority voting standard if: (i) a stockholder has provided us with notice of a nominee for director in accordance with our Bylaws; and (ii) that nomination has not been withdrawn as of 10 days before we first deliver proxy materials to stockholders. To effectuate this policy with regard to incumbent directors, the Board will not nominate an incumbent director for re-election unless prior to such nomination the director has agreed to promptly tender a resignation if such director fails to receive a sufficient number of votes for re-election at the stockholder meeting with respect to which such nomination is made. Such resignation will be effective upon the earlier of (i) the Board s acceptance of such resignation or (ii) the 90 th day after certification of the election results of the meeting; provided, however, that prior to the effectiveness of such re signation, the Board may reject such resignation and permit the director to withdraw such resignation. If an incumbent director fails to receive the required vote for re-election, the Nominating and Governance Committee will act on an expedited basis to determine whether to recommend acceptance or rejection of the director s resignation and will submit such recommendation for prompt consideration by the Board. The Board intends to act promptly on the Nominating and Governance Committee s recommendation and will decide to accept or reject such resignation and publicly disclose its decision within 90 days from the date of certification of the election results. The Nominating and Governance Committee and the Board may consider such factors they deem relevant in deciding whether to accept or reject a resignation tendered in accordance with this policy. The Board expects a director whose resignation is under consideration to abstain from participating in any decision regarding the resignation. Proxy Access Our Bylaws contain proxy access provisions which permit a stockholder, or a group of up to 50 stockholders, owning continuously for at least three years a number of shares of our common stock that constitutes at least 3% of our outstanding shares of common stock, to nominate and include in our proxy materials director nominees constituting up to the greater of two individuals or 20% of the Board, provided that the stockholder(s) and their nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in the Bylaws. Our Bylaws specifically allow funds under common management to be treated as a single stockholder, and permit share lending with a five-day recall. The Bylaws do not contain any post-meeting holding requirements, do not have any limits on resubmission of failed nominees, and do not contain restrictions on third-party compensation. 10 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Board Leadership Structure As set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the NGC is responsible for reviewing and recommending to the Board, annually or upon a vacancy, a director for election as Chair. When the Chair elected is not an independent Director, the independent Directors of the Board will, upon the recommendation of the NGC, appoint a Lead Independent Director. The Lead Independent Director will be appointed for a one-year term and will serve until their successor is duly appointed and qualified, or until their earlier death, removal, or resignation, or until such time as they are no longer an independent Director of the Board. Frank Dangeard served as Chair of the Board until July 18, 2025. Upon his resignation, Vincent Pilette was named Chair and Sue Barsamian was designated as the Lead Independent Director (LID). The Board has historically separated the roles of CEO and Chair, but given the Company s recent transformation with the acquisition of MoneyLion and Mr. Dangeard s departure, the Board decided it was in the best interest of the Company to combine the CEO and Chair roles. In connection with Mr. Pilette and Ms. Barsamian s appointments, the Gen Board, at the recommendation of the NGC, amended Gen s Corporate Governance Guidelines, in order to increase the robustness of the duties and responsibilities associated with the Lead Independent Director position to help to ensure the exercise of independent judgment by the Board. Gen s Corporate Governance Guidelines were also amended to provide the Board with the necessary flexibility to determine the appropriate leadership structure for the Company based on its evolving needs and what it determines to be in the best interests of its stockholders. The duties of the Lead Independent Director, Chair of the Board and CEO are set forth in the table below: Duties of the Lead independent Director Duties of the non-independent Chair of the Board Duties of the CEO Preside over and manage all meetings of the Board at which the Chair is not present Presides over and manage meetings of the full Board Sets strategic direction for Gen Lead executive sessions of independent directors and facilitate discussion and open dialogue among the independent directors Support a strong Board culture and facilitate communication among the LID, Board as a whole, Board committees and senior management Creates and implements Gen s vision and mission Serve as liaison between independent directors and Chair and, where appropriate, management Propose to the LID for approval the scheduling of Board meetings and the agenda and materials for each meeting Leads the affairs of Gen, subject to the overall direction and supervision of the Board and its committees and subject to such powers as reserved by the Board and its committees Approve the scheduling of Board meetings, and the corresponding agendas and materials Represent the Board at annual meetings of stockholders and be available, when appropriate for consultations with stockholders Approve and coordinate retention of advisors and consultants to the Board Work with Chair to facilitate timely and appropriate information flow to the Board and provide Chair with feedback and counsel for Chair s Gen 2025 Proxy | 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Duties of the Lead independent Director Duties of the non-independent Chair of the Board Duties of the CEO interactions with the Board Represent the Board at annual meetings of stockholders and be primary point of contact between the Board and stockholders Board Independence It is the policy of the Board and Nasdaq rules require that listed companies have a board of directors with at least a majority of independent directors, as defined under Nasdaq s Marketplace Rules. Currently, each member of our Board, other than our current CEO and President and our former President, is an independent director, and all standing committees of the Board are composed entirely of independent directors. The Nasdaq independence definition includes a series of objective tests, including that the director is not an employee of the company and has not engaged in certain types of transactions with the company. In addition, the Board has made a subjective determination as to each independent director that no relationship exists which, in the opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In making these determinations, the directors reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and Gen with regard to each director s business and other activities as they may relate to Gen and our management, including the transactions referenced below in Certain Related Person Transactions. In particular, in making an independence determination in the case of Mr. Baudis, the Board considered his directorship and minority ownership stake in Starship Enterprises, a.s., a Czech joint stock company (Starship), which leases a portion of an office building in Prague, Czech Republic to Gen. The Board determined that the transaction with Starship was undertaken in the ordinary course of business and on comparable lease terms that would be available from an unrelated third party, and that Mr. Baudis does not have any direct involvement in our business relationship with Starship. Based on this review and consistent with our independence criteria, the Board has affirmatively determined that the following directors, director nominees and former directors who served in fiscal 2025 are independent: Susan P. Barsamian, Pavel Baudis, Eric K. Brandt, Frank E. Dangeard, Nora M. Denzel, Peter A. Feld, Emily Heath, and Sherrese M. Smith. For FY26, John Chrystal will be considered an independent director. Change in Director Occupation Our Corporate Governance Guidelines include a policy that our Board should consider whether a change in any director s professional responsibilities directly or indirectly impacts that person s ability to fulfill his or her directorship obligations. To facilitate the Board s consideration, all directors shall submit a resignation as a matter of course upon retirement, a change in employer, or other significant change in their professional roles and responsibilities. Such resignation may be accepted or rejected in the discretion of the Board. Director Overboarding Limits As set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, it is the policy of the Board that given the demands of the duties undertaken by directors, directors should limit their participation to no more than five public company boards (including our Board) in order to ensure sufficient attention and availability to Gen s business. In addition, a director who is currently serving as an executive officer of a publicly traded company may serve on no more than two public company boards (excluding our Board). However, the Board recognizes that the demands of such participation may vary substantially and may deem an exception appropriate so long as the director maintains sufficient attention and availability to fulfill the director s duties to Gen and complies with Gen s conflict of interest policies. 12 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Board and Committee Effectiveness and Evaluations Board Effectiveness It is important to Gen that our Board and its committees are performing effectively and in the best interests of Gen and its stockholders. The Nominating and Governance Committee reviews the size, composition and needs of the Board with established criteria to ensure the Board has the appropriate skills and expertise to effectively perform its duties and responsibilities. Board Onboarding and Education When new directors join our Board, they participate in an onboarding program to learn about our industry, business, strategies, and policies. The onboarding program includes meetings with senior executives and other functional and operational leaders to discuss our business, strategy and operations, and our corporate functions, such as finance, technology, information systems and legal. For continued education regarding our business and industry, we provide presentations by internal and external experts during Board meetings on topics such as technology inflections, industry trends, changes in the geopolitical and macroeconomic landscape, and the responsible business landscape, with particular focus on the implications and impact to the Company. Our Board and Committees also regularly review developments in corporate governance to continue enhancing the Board s effectiveness. We encourage directors to participate in external continuing director education programs and provide reimbursement for expenses associated with this participation. Throughout the year, Board members also attend Company events. These interactions, along with meetings with leaders below the CEO Executive Leadership Team Member level throughout the year, provide directors additional visibility to provide oversight of the Company s culture, strategies, and operations. Board Evaluations The Nominating and Governance Committee evaluates the Board s and its committees operations and performance annually. Each year, the Nominating and Governance Committee, in consultation with our independent Board Chair or Lead Independent Director, as applicable, reviews and determines the design, scope, content, and execution of the evaluation process. We conduct board evaluations, including quantitative and qualitative assessments, which are regularly conducted by an outside third party. The Nominating and Governance Committee recommends changes for approval by the full Board as appropriate. Board Size The Nominating and Governance Committee considers the size of our Board at least annually to ensure that the current number of members most effectively support the Company, and recommends changes to the Board as appropriate. The Company s Bylaws provide that the number of members of the Board is determined by the Board. Our Board currently consists of nine members. Based on the assessment of the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Board expects to remain approximately the same size as of the Annual Meeting. Board Succession Planning and Refreshment Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee plays an important role in Board succession planning. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers the critical needs of the Company regularly, and is responsible for establishing the criteria and determining the desired qualifications, expertise, and characteristics of the Board, with the goal of developing a diverse portfolio of perspectives, backgrounds, experiences, knowledge and skills on the Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is also responsible for evaluating and making recommendations to the Board regarding the structure and operations, size, and composition of the Board committees, committee member qualifications, committee member appointment and removal, and committee reporting to the Board. In addition to the role of the Nominating and Governance Committee, we have a policy related to director retirement and age limits established in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. In the event that a Director reaches the age of Gen 2025 Proxy | 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance 72 during his or her term of service, at the end of such term, the Board, in consultation with the Nominating and Governance Committee, will normally not re-nominate the Director for election at the next annual meeting, unless the Board, with the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, determines that there are special circumstances that lead the Board to conclude that continued service of such Director is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. We believe that our approach to Board succession planning and refreshment plays an important role in addressing Board effectiveness. Six of our current Board members (66% of the Board) have been appointed in the last five years. (1) Board s Role in Risk Oversight The Board executes its risk management responsibility directly and through its committees, which currently consist of the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee. The Board also had a Technology and Cybersecurity Committee during FY25, but this committee was dissolved in June 2025. The Company s recent entry into financial wellness in addition to the maturity of its operations and cybersecurity practices led the Board to reevaluate its committee structure. The Board ultimately determined that certain of the duties of the Technology and Cybersecurity Committee should be reallocated to the full Board because they related to key strategic priorities and other of its duties should be allocated to the Audit Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee, because they related to the Audit Committee s general oversight of risk and the Nominating and Governance Committee s oversight of governance and regulatory framework. The graphic below shows the governance structure as of the end of FY25. The Board is kept abreast of its committees risk oversight and other activities via reports of the committee chairs to the full Board during the Board meetings. The Board also, directly and through its committees, reviews and oversees our enterprise risk management (ERM) program, including critical enterprise risks over the short-, intermediate-, and long-term, and facilitates the incorporation of risk considerations into decision making across the Company. The Board considers specific risk topics in connection with strategic planning and other matters. (1) As of July 18, 2025 after Mr. Dangeard s departure. 14 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance In addition, the Board participates in regular discussions with our senior management on many core subjects, including strategy, operations and finance, in which risk oversight is an inherent element. Our Global Business groups, Internal Audit, Enterprise Finance Reporting, Treasury, Data, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Technology/AI, Human Resources, Corporate Affairs, and Legal teams all provide input into this process and are responsible for the day-to-day monitoring, evaluating, reporting, and mitigating of their respective risk categories. From time to time, we also utilize industry information sources, such as professional services firms or subscription resources, to assess trends and benchmarking data relevant to our industry to assist in determining certain risk trends and changes. Management then develops response plans for risks categorized as requiring management focus based on performance indicators and monitors other identified risk areas. Management and our Internal Audit team regularly provides reports on the risk portfolio and risk response efforts to senior management and to the Audit Committee. The Board believes that its leadership structure facilitates the Board s oversight of risk management because it allows the Board, with leadership from the independent, non-executive Chair or Lead Independent Director, as applicable, and each independent committee chair with risk oversight in their individual areas of expertise. Throughout the year, the Board oversees its committees and managements ongoing risk oversight activities, and its committees escalate issues relating to risk oversight to the full Board, in a continuous effort to keep the Board adequately informed of developments that could affect the Company s risk profile or other aspects of our business. The Board and its committees are also free to engage independent outside financial, legal and other advisors as they deem necessary to provide advice and counsel on various topics or issues, at Gen s expense, and are provided full access to our officers and employees. Board s Role in Oversight of Company Strategy One of the Board s most important responsibilities is collaborating with management to establish Gen s long-term strategy and then overseeing and providing guidance to management in the execution of the articulated strategy. Various elements of our strategy are discussed in depth at every quarterly Board meeting, with management providing the Board with an update on performance and execution against short and longer-term elements of strategy. The Board also meets annually for a multi-day session where long-term strategy is the primary topic. While the full Board, with leadership of the Chair or Lead Independent Director, as applicable, has responsibility for overseeing overall company strategy, each of our key Committees provides input to the full Board on strategic and execution-oriented issues related to their respective areas of focus. The Board receives regular updates from the management team (including those below the executive level) regarding Gen s strategy and performance to inform its perspective on progress and ensure that it can effectively perform its oversight responsibilities. Board s Role in Political Activity Our Nominating and Governance Committee has responsibility for overseeing Gen s programs, policies and practices concerning public policy and political activities and expenditures. Based on the recommendations of the committee, the Board adopted the Global Political Contributions Policy, which includes standards for participating in the political process for both the Company and its employees, as well as for appropriate disclosure and reporting of political contributions and political activities. In accordance with the Company s Global Political Contributions Policy, any political contributions must be made in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and disclosed as required by law. Gen does not allow use of corporate funds for political expenditures and does not maintain a political action committee. Our Chief Legal Officer and the Head of Government Affairs are responsible for overseeing the Company s political engagements, and monitor compliance with the Global Political Contributions Policy. To learn more about the Company s public policy activities and governance, visit our Political Disclosure and Accountability webpage at https://investor.gendigital.com/political-disclosure-and-accountability/default.aspx. Gen 2025 Proxy | 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Information Security and Risk Oversight The Board currently oversees the Company s technology strategy, initiatives, and investments. The Audit Committee, which is comprised entirely of independent directors, considers cybersecurity information technology risks in connection with overseeing our enterprise risk management system, and reports to the Board on enterprise risk management matters on a quarterly basis. We have processes in place for management to report security instances to the Audit Committee as they occur, if material, and to provide a summary multiple times per year of other incidents to the Board. Additionally, our CISO meets regularly with the Board or the Audit Committee to brief them on technology and information security matters. Board s Role in Oversight of Human Capital Management Our people are our most important assets. Our Board works closely with management to provide a periodic platform for discussion and review of our broad-based talent management strategies. The Compensation and Leadership Development Committee also plays an integral role in the oversight of compensation and rewards philosophies and incentive plans across the workforce and with specific focus at the executive level, together with oversight of organizational design, succession and development, inclusion, pay equity, performance management, culture, productivity, and organizational effectiveness. The Chief Human Resources Officer shares quarterly updates with our Board on human capital management strategy and programs and updates including detailed metrics at both an enterprise wide and an organizational level. Responsible Business Practices Our commitment to being a responsible business supports our Company s Purpose and Mission. The Nominating and Governance Committee has oversight over the Company s responsible business strategy, and receives a quarterly update. This quarterly update includes program information across ethics, community investment, the environment and information on emerging priorities. Additionally, as part of our sustainability reporting process, we hold regular meetings with functional leaders to review our sustainability disclosures. Our Executive Leadership Team Members are highly engaged in our efforts to be a responsible business. Our Head of Corporate Responsibility and Public Policy provides quarterly updates to our Executive Leadership Team Members to review our strategy, progress, and program updates. Board Structure and Meetings The Board and its committees meet throughout the year on a set schedule, and also hold special meetings and act by written consent from time to time. Agendas and topics for board and committee meetings are developed through discussions between management and members of the Board and its committees. Information and data that are important to the issues to be considered are distributed in advance of each meeting. Board meetings and background materials focus on key strategic, operational, financial, governance and compliance matters applicable to us, including the following: Reviewing annual and longer-term strategic and business plans; Reviewing key product, industry and competitive issues; Reviewing and determining the independence of our directors; Reviewing and determining the qualifications of directors to serve as members of committees, including the financial expertise of members of the Audit Committee; Selecting and approving director nominees; Selecting, evaluating and compensating the CEO; Reviewing and discussing succession planning for the senior management team, and for lower management levels to the extent appropriate; Reviewing and approving material investments or divestitures, strategic transactions and other significant transactions that are not in the ordinary course of business; 16 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Evaluating the performance of the Board; Overseeing our compliance with legal requirements and ethical standards; and Overseeing our financial results. Executive Sessions After each regularly scheduled Board meeting, the independent members of our Board hold a separate closed meeting, referred to as an executive session. These executive sessions are used to discuss such topics as the independent directors deem necessary or appropriate. At least annually, the independent directors hold an executive session to evaluate the CEO s performance and compensation. Executive sessions of the Board are led by the independent, non-executive Chair or Lead Independent Director, as applicable. Succession Planning Our Board recognizes the importance of effective executive leadership to Gen s success and meets to discuss executive succession planning at least annually. Our Board develops and reviews emergency and long-term succession plans and evaluates succession candidates for the CEO and other senior leadership positions under both. The Board also oversees management s senior executive talent development plans, including ensuring that our succession candidates have regular interactions with the Board. Attendance of Board Members at Annual Meetings We encourage our directors to attend our annual meetings of stockholders. Seven of our directors standing for re-election attended our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Gen 2025 Proxy | 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Board and Its Committees There are three committees of the Board: the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee, and the Nominating and Governance Committee. The Board has delegated various responsibilities and authorities to these different committees, as described below and in the committee charters. The Board committees regularly report on their activities and actions to the full Board. Each member of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Leadership Development Committee, and Nominating and Governance Committee was appointed by the Board. Each of the Board committees has a written charter approved by the Board and the key committee charters are available on our website at investor.gendigital.com , by clicking on Governance Documents, under the Governance tab. The following table shows the proposed composition of the Board and its committees, and other information, following the Annual Meeting. Current committee composition is provided in the text below the table. Age Director Since Independent Diversity Committee Memberships* Other Public Boards** AC CC NGC Susan P. Barsamian*** Director 66 2019 WD C 2 Pavel Baudis Director 65 2022 0 Eric K. Brandt Director 63 2020 C 3 John C. Chrystal Director 67 2025 1 Nora M. Denzel Director 62 2019 W C 2 Emily Heath Director 51 2021 WD 0 Vincent Pilette*** Chief Executive Officer and President 53 2019 0 Sherrese M. Smith Managing Partner, Paul Hastings 53 2021 WD 1 Ondrej Vlcek Former President of Gen, Director 48 2022 0 = Member C = Chair Committees: AC = Audit CC = Compensation and Leadership Development NGC = Nominating and Governance W = Woman D = Underrepresented Community (Ethnic Diversity and/or LGBTQ+) * Reflects our Board and committee composition following the Annual Meeting. The Technology and Cybersecurity Committee was dissolved in June 2025. ** Reflects membership on boards of companies publicly traded in the U.S. *** On July 18, 2025, Susan P. Barsamian was appointed Lead Independent Director and Vincent Pilette was named Chair of the Board. 18 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS The Board and Its Committees During FY25, our Board held 12 meetings, the Audit Committee held 11 meetings, the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee held five meetings, the Nominating and Governance Committee held four meetings and the Technology and Cybersecurity Committee, which was dissolved in June 2025 following the FY25 fiscal year end, held four meetings. During this time, no current directors attended fewer than 75% of the aggregate of the total number of meetings held by the Board and the total number of meetings held by all committees of the Board on which such director served during the period which such director served. Audit Committee Current Members Our Audit Committee is currently comprised of Mr. Brandt, who is the chair, Ms. Heath and Mr. Chrystal. Mr. Dangeard resigned from this position in July 2025 in connection with his departure from the Board. Independence Our Board has unanimously determined that all Audit Committee members are independent as defined under current Nasdaq listing standards, and at least one member has financial sophistication as required pursuant to the Nasdaq listing standards. In addition, our Board has unanimously determined that Mr. Brandt qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules and regulations. Designation as an audit committee financial expert is an SEC disclosure requirement and does not impose any additional duties, obligations or liability on any person so designated. Meetings 11 meetings during fiscal year 2025. Our Audit Committee oversees Gen s accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of our financial statements, including oversight of our systems of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, internal audit function and the appointment, retention and compensation of our independent auditors. Its duties and responsibilities include, among other things: Reviewing and discussing with Gen s independent auditor and management Gen s quarterly and annual financial statements, including any report or opinion by the independent auditors, and earnings releases. Reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of Gen s accounting and financial reporting processes. Appointing and, if necessary, terminating any independent registered public accounting firm engaged by Gen. Reviewing and approving processes and procedures to ensure the continuing independence of Gen s independent auditors. Overseeing the internal audit function of Gen, including its independence and authority and the coordination of Gen s internal audit function with its independent auditors. Reviewing Gen s practices with respect to financial and enterprise risk identification, assessment, monitoring and risk management and mitigation. Reviewing Gen s business continuity and disaster preparedness planning. Reviewing any regulatory developments that could impact Gen s risk identification, assessment, monitoring and risk management and mitigation. Reviewing Gen s ethics compliance program, including policies and procedures for monitoring compliance, areas of compliance risk (including any material compliance issues and/or risk exposure) and the implementation and effectiveness of Gen s ethics and compliance program, and remediation plans developed by the Company to resolve any material compliance issues. Directing and supervising investigations into any matters within the scope of its duties. Retaining and terminating such auditors, outside counsel, experts, consultants and other advisors as it determines to be necessary or appropriate to perform its responsibilities. Gen 2025 Proxy | 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Board and Its Committees Compensation and Leadership Development Committee Current Members Our Compensation and Leadership Development Committee is currently comprised of Nora Denzel, who is the chair and Memes. Barsamian and Heath. Mr. Feld, who was the chair in FY25, resigned from this position in May 2025 in connection with his departure from the Board. Independence The Board has determined that each current member of the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee is, and each member of our Compensation and Leadership Development Committee during fiscal year 2025 was, independent within the meaning of Nasdaq s director independence standards. Each member of the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee is a non-employee director, as defined pursuant to Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act). Meetings Five meetings during fiscal year 2025. Our Compensation and Leadership Development Committee oversees our compensation policies and practices so that they firmly align with the interests of our stockholders; encourage a focus on Gen s long-term success and performance; and incorporate sound corporate governance principles. It also oversees our human capital management practices and programs to attract, retain, and develop our executive officers. Its duties and responsibilities include, among other things: Reviewing Gen s executive and leadership development practices, which support Gen s ability to retain and develop the executive and leadership talent required to deliver against Gen s short term and long-term business strategies, including succession planning for the executive officers. Reviewing and overseeing Gen s human capital management policies, strategies and practices. Reviewing Gen s compensation policies, plans and programs to confirm they are: (i) designed to attract, motivate and retain talented executive officers; (ii) compensate the executive officers effectively in a manner consistent with the strategy of Gen and the interests of stockholders; (iii) consistent with a competitive framework; and (iv) support the achievement of Gen s overall financial results and individual contributions. Reviewing and recommending to the independent directors of our Board all compensation arrangements for our CEO. Determining stock ownership guidelines for our Board and executive officers. Reviewing Gen s overall compensation and benefits plans and programs. Administering our equity incentive and stock purchase plans. Reviewing and recommending to the Board compensation for non-employee members of the Board. Reviewing and approving policies and procedures relating to the perquisites of our executive officers. Reviewing Gen s compensation policies and practices, including non-executive programs, to confirm that such policies and practices are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Gen or encourage unnecessary risk-taking, and report the results of such review to the Board. Reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding company policies on recoupment of incentive-based compensation. Reviewing and making recommendations to the Board with respect to stockholder proposals and stockholder advisory votes related to executive compensation matters. 20 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS The Board and Its Committees Nominating and Governance Committee Current Members Our Nominating and Governance Committee is currently comprised of Ms. Barsamian, who is the chair, and Ms. Smith and Mr. Brandt. Mr. Feld and Mr. Dangeard, who were committee members in FY25, resigned from these committee positions in May 2025 and July 2025, respectively, in connection with their departures from the Board. Independence The Board has determined that each current member of the Nominating and Governance Committee is, and each member of our Nominating and Governance Committee during fiscal year 2025 was, independent within the meaning of Nasdaq s director independence standards. Meetings Four meetings during fiscal year 2025. Our Nominating and Governance Committee oversees the evaluation of the Board and its committees, oversees Gen s corporate governance procedures and policies, including with respect to being a responsible business and public policy matters, and ensures that they represent best practices and are in the best interests of Gen and its stockholders, which includes establishing appropriate criteria for nominating qualified candidates to the Board. Its duties and responsibilities include, among other things: Establishing the criteria and determining the goal of developing a diverse portfolio of perspectives, backgrounds, experiences, knowledge and skills derived from high-quality business and professional experience on the Board. Considering the size, composition and needs of the Board, determine future requirements and evaluate and recommending qualified candidates for election to the Board consistent with the established criteria to ensure the Board has the appropriate skills and expertise. Advising the Board on corporate governance matters and recommending to the Board appropriate or necessary actions to be taken by our company, the Board and the Board s committees. Identifying best corporate governance practices and developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines applicable to our company. Reviewing and assessing the adequacy of our company s corporate governance policies, including this Committee s charter, Gen s Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Conduct, and recommending modifications to the Board as appropriate. Overseeing and reviewing Gen s policies and programs concerning: (i) public policy and (ii) political activities and expenditures, if any. Overseeing and reviewing Gen s programs, policies and practices and relevant risks and opportunities relating to sustainability matters and related disclosures, and making recommendations to the Board regarding the Company s overall strategy with respect to sustainability matters. Monitoring compliance under the stock ownership guidelines as set by the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee for the Board and executive officers. Implementing and overseeing the processes for evaluating the Board, its committees and the CEO on an annual basis and report the results of such evaluations, including any recommendations for proposed changes, to the Board. Overseeing the management of risks that may arise in connection with Gen s governance structures, processes and other matters set forth in the Nominating and Governance Committee s charter. Gen 2025 Proxy | 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Nominations and Communication with Directors Criteria for Nomination to the Board The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider candidates submitted by Gen stockholders, as well as candidates recommended by directors and management, for nomination to the Board. The Nominating and Governance Committee has generally identified nominees based upon recommendations by outside directors, management and executive recruiting firms. The goal of the Nominating and Governance Committee is to assemble a Board that offers a diverse portfolio of perspectives, backgrounds, experiences, knowledge and skills derived from high-quality business and professional experience. The Nominating and Governance Committee annually reviews the appropriate skills and characteristics required of directors in the context of the current composition of the Board, our long-term business strategy and operating requirements and the long-term interests of our stockholders. The information provided under Proposal No. 1, Election of Directors Nominees for Director below includes the key attributes, experience and skills of each of our director nominees that led to the conclusion that each director nominee should serve as a member of the Board at this time. 22 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Nominations and Communication with Directors Gen 2025 Proxy | 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Nominations and Communication with Directors Stockholder Director Nominee Submission Procedures The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider potential nominees properly submitted by stockholders. Stockholders seeking to do so should provide the information set forth in our corporate Bylaws regarding stockholder director nominations. The Nominating and Governance Committee will apply the same criteria for candidates proposed by stockholders as it does for candidates proposed by management or other directors. To be considered for nomination by the Nominating and Governance Committee at next year s annual meeting of stockholders, submissions by stockholders must be submitted by mail and must be received by our Corporate Secretary no later than March 30, 2026 to ensure adequate time for meaningful consideration by the Nominating and Governance Committee. Each submission must include the following information: the full name and address of the candidate; the number of shares of Gen common stock beneficially owned by the candidate; a certification that the candidate consents to being named in the proxy statement and intends to serve on the Board if elected; and biographical information, including work experience during the past five years, other board positions, and educational background, such as is provided with respect to nominees in this proxy statement. Information regarding the requirements that must be followed by a stockholder who either (i) wishes to make a stockholder nomination for election to the Board for next year s annual meeting pursuant to the advance notice provisions of our Bylaws or (ii) wishes to nominate one or more director candidates to be included in our proxy materials pursuant to the proxy access provisions of our Bylaws is described in this proxy statement under Additional Information Stockholder Proposals for the 2026 Annual Meeting. Contacting the Board of Directors Any stockholder who wishes to contact members of our Board may do so by mailing written communications to: Gen Digital Inc. 60 E. Rio Salado Parkway, Suite 1000 Tempe, Arizona 85281 Attn: Corporate Secretary Our Corporate Secretary will review all such correspondence and provide regular summaries to the Board or to individual directors, as relevant, will retain copies of such correspondence for at least six months, and make copies of such correspondence available to the Board or individual directors upon request. Any correspondence relating to accounting, internal controls or auditing matters will be handled in accordance with our policy regarding accounting complaints and concerns. 24 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE NINE NOMINATED DIRECTORS. At the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Board has nominated the following nine persons to serve as directors for the term beginning at the Annual Meeting on September 9, 2025: Susan P. Barsamian, Pavel Baudis, Eric K. Brandt, John C. Chrystal, Nora M. Denzel, Emily Heath, Vincent Pilette, Sherrese M. Smith, and Ondrej Vlcek. Each director will be elected on an annual basis. Mr. Chrystal served as an independent director and Chairman of MoneyLion until the closing of Gen s acquisition of MoneyLion in April 2025. Mr. Chrystal was initially recommended to the Nominating and Governance Committee by the Gen Board following the MoneyLion acquisition and appointed as a director of Gen on May 15, 2025. Unless proxy cards are otherwise marked, the persons named as proxies will vote all proxies FOR the election of each nominee named in this section. Proxies submitted to Gen cannot be voted at the Annual Meeting for nominees other than those nominees named in this proxy statement. However, if any director nominee is unable to serve or for good cause will not serve, the persons named as proxies may vote for a substitute nominee designated by the Board. Alternatively, the Board may reduce the size of the Board. Each nominee has consented to serve as a director if elected, and the Board does not believe that any is unable to serve or for good cause will not serve if elected as a director. Each director will hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor has been duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. Nominees for Director The names of each nominee for director, their ages as of July 14, 2025, and other information about each nominee is shown below. Name Age Principal Occupation Independent Director Since Susan P. Barsamian 66 Director Yes 2019 Pavel Baudis 65 Director Yes 2022 Eric K. Brandt 63 Director Yes 2020 John C. Chrystal 67 Director Yes 2025 Nora M. Denzel 62 Director Yes 2019 Emily Heath 51 Partner, Cyberstarts Yes 2021 Vincent Pilette 53 CEO and President No 2019 Sherrese M. Smith 53 Managing Partner, Paul Hastings Yes 2021 Ondrej Vlcek 48 Director No 2022 Gen 2025 Proxy | 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors Susan P. Barsamian Director Age: 66 Director Since: 2019 Independent: Yes Committee Memberships: Compensation Nominating Governance (Chair) Other Current Public Boards: Box, Inc. Five9, Inc. Other Public Boards in the Last Five Years: None From 2006 to 2016, Susan P. Barsamian served in various executive roles at Hewlett Packard including Chief Sales and Marketing Officer for Hewlett Packard Enterprise Software and General Manager of the Enterprise Cybersecurity Products business. Prior to joining Hewlett Packard, Ms. Barsamian was Vice President, Global Go-to-Market for high growth at Mercury Interactive, Senior Vice President Marketing for Critical Path and held various leadership roles at Verity where she was based in London for four years. Ms. Barsamian serves on the board of directors of Box, Inc., a cloud content management company, Five9, Inc., a cloud contact center software company; and the Kansas State University Foundation. She previously served on the Board of the National Action Council for Minorities in Engineering (NACME) from 2012 to 2017, including as Chairman of the Board from 2016 to 2017. She received a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from Kansas State University and completed post-graduate studies at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology. The Board believes Ms. Barsamian s qualifications to sit on our Board of Directors include her extensive technical, business, and leadership experience in the technology industry, including over 35 years of experience as an operating executive and her focus on enterprise software sales and global go-to-market strategies. She has served as an executive and board member for major cloud, computer and cybersecurity companies, and has operated in a broad range of roles from sales and marketing to product, research and development, and business operations. Ms. Barsamian also has experience serving as a public company outside director. Pavel Baudis Director Age: 65 Director Since: 2022 Independent: Yes Committee Memberships: None Other Current Public Boards: None Other Public Boards in the Last Five Years: None Pavel Baudis co-founded Avast plc and served as one of Avast s Directors from the incorporation of AVAST Software a.s. in 2006 until 2014. In 1988, Mr. Baudis wrote the original software program from which Avast s current portfolio of security solutions has developed. Prior to co-founding Avast, Mr. Baudis was a graphics specialist at the Czech Computer Research Institute (VUMS). Mr. Baudis holds an MS in Information Technology from the Prague School of Chemical Engineering. The Board believes Mr. Baudis s qualifications to sit on our Board of Directors include his extensive technical, business, cybersecurity, and leadership experience in the technology industry, including as a founder, director and an operating executive and his focus on enterprise software sales and global go-to-market strategies. 26 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors Eric K. Brandt Director Age: 63 Director Since: 2020 Independent: Yes Committee Memberships: Audit (Chair) Nominating Governance Other Current Public Boards: Option Care Health, Inc. LAM Research Corporation Nutanix Inc. Other Public Boards in the Last Five Years: Altaba Inc. 1 Dentsply Sirona Inc. The Macerich Company Eric K. Brandt served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom Inc., a global supplier of semiconductor devices, from February 2010 until February 2016, and he served as its Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from March 2007 until February 2010. From September 2005 until March 2007, Mr. Brandt served as CEO and President and member of the Board of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Beginning in 1999, he held various positions at Allergan, Inc., a global specialty pharmaceutical company, including Executive Vice President of Finance and Technical Operations and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Allergan, Mr. Brandt spent ten years with The Boston Consulting Group, a privately-held global business consulting firm, most recently serving as Vice President and Partner. Mr. Brandt currently serves as a public company board member on each of the following boards: Option Care Health, a leader in ambulatory infusion in the US, LAM Research Corporation, a semiconductor equipment company, and Nutanix Inc., a cloud computing company. Mr. Brandt formerly served as a public company director on the following boards: Altaba Inc. (formerly Yahoo! Inc.)1, Dentsply Sirona Inc., and The Macerich Company. The Board believes Mr. Brandt s qualifications to sit on our Board of Directors include his extensive leadership and management experience, including as an executive officer and director of multiple public companies, his broad financial skillset as a Chief Financial Officer, his experience overseeing and leading public companies through business combinations and strategic transformational events, and his expansive exposure to the innovation and technology sectors. 1 Altaba Inc. was delisted in October 2019 and is currently in liquidation. Gen 2025 Proxy | 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors John C. Chrystal Director Age: 67 Director Since: 2025 Independent: Yes Committee Memberships: Audit Other Current Public Boards: Apollo Asset Backed Credit Company LLC Other Public Boards in the Last Five Years: MoneyLion Inc. The Bancorp Inc. Trust for Advised Portfolios MCAP Acquisition Corp. Insurance Acquisition Insurance Acquisition Corp. II Insurance Acquisition Corp. III John C. Chrystal joined MoneyLion in 2016 as an independent director and became Non-executive Chairman in 2021. He served in these roles through the closing of the MoneyLion acquisition in April 2025. Mr. Chrystal brings more than 40 years of experience as a highly regarded financial services executive to Gen. Mr. Chrystal currently serves as an independent director of Apollo Asset Backed Credit Company, LLC, a public firm investing in asset-backed credit, and Regatta Loan Management LLC, a privately held SEC-registered Investment Advisor, and is a board member of Sac City Holdings, Ltd., a private single bank holding company. Previously, from June 2013 until February 2022, he served as a director of The Bancorp Inc. ( Bancorp ), a public company which is a leading provider of banking and technology solutions for non-bank companies. Mr. Chrystal also served as Bancorp s Vice Chairman beginning in April 2017 and as Interim Chief Executive Officer and President of The Bancorp Bank from December 2015 through May 2016. Mr. Chrystal also previously served as a director of numerous special purpose acquisition companies from 2019 to 2022 and as a director of the Trust for Advised Portfolios from 2010 to 2022. Earlier in his career, Mr. Chrystal was the Managing Member of Bent Gate Advisors, LLC, the Chief Risk Officer of DiMaio Ahmad Capital, an investment management firm, and was a Managing Director with entities of Credit Suisse, a financial services firm, with oversight of asset management and financial products functions. Mr. Chrystal received an MBA from The University of Chicago and a B.S degree in Agricultural Business from Iowa State University. The Board believes that Mr. Chrystal is a valuable member of the Board of Directors because of his extensive experience in the financial services industry, including expertise in risk management and credit, and his prior track record as a senior executive and director. 28 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors Nora M. Denzel Director Age: 62 Director Since: 2019 Independent: Yes Committee Memberships: Compensation (Chair) Other Current Public Boards: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Sony Group Corporation. Other Public Boards in the Last Five Years: SUSE S.A. Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (Sweden) Talend S.A. Nora M. Denzel previously served as interim CEO of Outerwall Inc., an automated retail solutions provider, from January to August 2015. Prior to Outerwall, Ms. Denzel held senior executive management positions from February 2008 through August 2012 at Intuit Inc., a consumer/SMB cloud financial management software company, including Senior Vice President of Big Data, Social Design and Marketing and Senior Vice President and General Manager of the QuickBooks Employee Management business unit. From 2000 to 2006, Ms. Denzel held several executive level positions at HP Enterprise (formerly Hewlett-Packard Company), including Senior Vice President and General Manager, Software Global Business Unit from May 2002 to February 2006 and Vice President of Storage Organization from August 2000 to May 2002. Prior to that, Ms. Denzel held executive positions at Legato Systems Inc. and IBM Corporation. Ms. Denzel currently serves on the Board of Directors of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a global company that specializes in manufacturing semiconductor devices used in computer processing, and Sony Group Corporation. Previously, she served as a director of other public companies, including SUSE S.A. from May 2021 to September 2023, Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson from March 2013 to March 2023, and Talend S.A. from 2017 to 2021. She currently serves on the non-profit board of the National Association of Corporate Directors. She holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Santa Clara University and a B.S. degree in Computer Science from the State University of New York. In addition, she holds an NACD Directorship Certification (NACD.DC). The Board believes Ms. Denzel s qualifications to sit on our Board of Directors include her leadership, governance, risk management and technical experience that she gained as an executive officer of technology companies and as a director of both public and private company boards. Gen 2025 Proxy | 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors Emily Heath Director Age: 51 Director Since: 2021 Independent: Yes Committee Memberships: Audit Compensation Other Current Public Boards: None Other Public Boards in the Last Five Years: None Emily Heath has served as a Partner of Cyberstarts, a venture capital firm, since February 2023. Previously, from August 2022, she served as a Board Advisor and Chief Product Marketing Officer for Cyberstarts. She served as Senior Vice President, Chief Trust and Security Officer at DocuSign, Inc., a digital signature software company, from October 2019 through March 2022. Prior to that, Ms. Heath served as Vice President, Chief Information Security Officer at United Airlines, Inc. from February 2017 through October 2019. Before joining United Airlines, Ms. Heath held numerous positions at AECOM, an infrastructure consulting firm, from 2013 through 2017, most recently as its Vice President, Chief Information Security Officer. Ms. Heath is a former Detective with the British Police where she led investigations into large scale investment frauds, identity theft and money laundering cases, working with London s Serious Fraud Office, the FBI and the SEC. Ms. Heath currently serves on the Board of Directors of LogicGate, Inc., a private cloud-based governance, risk and compliance management company, Wiz, a private cloud security company, and Legit Security, a private company in the application security posture management space. She went to school in the United Kingdom and is trained in multiple areas of investigations, risk and security. The Board believes Ms. Heath s qualifications to sit on our Board of Directors include her depth of knowledge and experience regarding cybersecurity and broad international exposure in the innovation and technology sectors. She has held various senior leadership positions in public companies and has significant experience managing teams that oversee cybersecurity and data privacy issues. Vincent Pilette CEO Director Age: 53 Director Since: 2019 Independent: No Committee Memberships: None Other Current Public Boards: None Other Public Boards in the Last Five Years: None In 2019, Vincent Pilette was appointed CEO of NortonLifeLock, renamed Gen in 2022 after the acquisition of Avast. As CEO, Mr. Pilette led the separation of the consumer assets of Symantec and their transformation into NortonLifeLock, the global leader in consumer Cyber Safety. Mr. Pilette directed and implemented the strategy that led to the acquisition of Avast and the formation of Gen. Prior to joining Gen in May 2019, Mr. Pilette served as Chief Financial Officer of Logitech International S.A. (Switzerland), a consumer electronics company listed on the Nasdaq Global Market and the SIX Swiss Exchange, from September 2013 to May 2019. Mr. Pilette has substantial expertise at technology companies with over 20 years of senior operating and management experience in the Technology sector, including additional positions at Electronics For Imaging, and Hewlett-Packard in the U.S. and EMEA. Mr. Pilette currently serves on the board of directors of SonicWall, a privately held software company in the cyber security space. Mr. Pilette holds an M.S. in engineering and business from Universit Catholique de Louvain in Belgium and an M.B.A. from Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in Chicago. The Board believes Mr. Pilette s qualifications to sit on our Board of Directors include his depth of knowledge and experience regarding Gen, its business and its strategic business combinations and ongoing transformation. He has also substantial expertise at technology companies and has held various executive officer and leadership positions within multiple public companies. Further, he has broad international exposure and innovation and technology experience, and his business acumen and knowledge are invaluable to our Board of Directors. 30 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors Sherrese M. Smith Director Global Managing Partner, Paul Hastings LLC Age: 53 Director Since: 2021 Independent: Yes Committee Memberships: Nominating Governance Other Current Public Boards: Cable One, Inc. Other Public Boards in the Last Five Years: None Sherrese M. Smith has served as a corporate partner at Paul Hastings LLP, a global law firm, since 2013, where she is a member of the firm s media, technology and telecommunications practice and currently serves as Global Managing Partner, where she helps direct the growth, management, and strategy of the firm. She previously served as Vice-Chair of the firm s data privacy and cybersecurity practice. Ms. Smith is known as one of the country s preeminent Data Privacy and Cybersecurity and Media and Technology attorneys. Ms. Smith regularly counsels companies on complex transactional and regulatory issues, including data privacy and cybersecurity and breach response issues across various jurisdictions (including the U.S., E.U., and Asia). Ms. Smith is also renowned for superior advisement on crisis issues and, as a result, is regularly sought after by corporate board members and the C-suite. Prior to joining Paul Hastings, Ms. Smith served as Chief Counsel to Chairman Julius Genachowski at the Federal Communications Commission from 2009 to 2013, before which she was Vice President and General Counsel of Washington Post Digital and served in various other leadership positions from 2002 to 2009. Ms. Smith also currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Cable One, Inc., a broadband communications provider. She is also Vice Chair of the Northwestern University s Law School board and a member of the University of Maryland s Journalism School board. Ms. Smith holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of South Carolina and a Juris Doctor from the Northwestern University Pritzker School of Law. The Board believes Ms. Smith s qualifications to sit on our Board of Directors include her extensive management and leadership experience, broad exposure to cybersecurity matters, experience as a director serving on other public company boards, reputation for her business acumen, and her extensive experience advising on media, data privacy, and technology matters., and her extensive experience advising on media, data privacy, and technology matters. Ondrej Vl ek Director Age: 48 Director Since: 2022 Independent: No Other Current Public Boards: None Other Public Boards in the Last Five Years: None Ondrej Vlcek previously served as the President of Gen from September 2022 until June 2024. Prior to this, he served as the CEO of Avast from July 2019 until September 2022, having also served as President of Avast Consumer, the largest business within the company, and directed the development of Avast s artificial intelligence-based cloud security network. Mr. Vlcek was also a key member of the executive team that took the company public on the London Stock Exchange in May 2018. Previously, he held the combined position of Executive Vice-President General Manager, Consumer, and Chief Technology Officer at Avast from 2014 to 2018. In this role, he led Avast s transformation from a traditional PC antivirus vendor to the leading provider of a full portfolio of protection, privacy, and performance products for consumers. Prior to that, Mr. Vlcek was chief developer, heading the team that developed one of the first ever antivirus programs for Windows. Mr. Vlcek holds an MS in Mathematics from Czech Technical University in Prague. He is a recognized industry speaker having delivered keynotes at several high-profile events including RSA, Web Summit, Black Hat and SXSW. The Board believes Mr. Vlcek s qualifications to sit on our Board of Directors include his extensive technical, business, and leadership experience in the technology industry and his depth of knowledge and experience regarding Avast products. He also has significant experience as a leader during strategic transformations in large company s lifecycles. The Board believes his extensive management experience, broad international exposure and emerging market experience and innovation and technology experience, including through his service as Chief Executive Officer of technology companies, make him a valuable member of our Board. Gen 2025 Proxy | 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors Board Demographics* Total Number of Directors 9 Gender: Male Female Number of directors based on gender identity 5 4 Number of directors who identify in any of the categories below: African American or Black 0 1 Asian 0 1 White 5 2 LGBTQ+ 1 * Based on our current Board composition as of July 18, 2025 after Frank Dangeard resigned. Director Compensation Director Compensation Highlights Fees for committee service and service on the Board Emphasis on equity in the overall compensation mix Full-value equity grants with time-based vesting No performance-based equity awards or perquisites Robust stock ownership guideline Stockholder approved annual limit on non-employee director compensation Policies prohibiting hedging and pledging by our directors The policy of the Board is that the compensation for non-employee directors should be a mix of cash and equity-based compensation. Non-employee directors may not receive consulting, advisory or other compensatory fees from Gen for their services. The Compensation and Leadership Development Committee, which consists solely of independent directors, has the primary responsibility to review and consider any revisions to director compensation. Annual Fees: Pursuant to our amended and restated non-employee director compensation policy, non-employee directors were entitled to the following cash retainers for FY25. 2025 Annual Retainers: All Non-Employee Directors $ 50,000 Independent Chair $100,000 Audit Committee Chair $ 15,000 Compensation and Leadership Development Committee Chair $ 15,000 Nominating and Governance Committee Chair $ 12,500 Technology and Cybersecurity Committee Chair $ 10,000 Audit Committee Membership $ 15,000 Compensation and Leadership Development Committee Membership $ 10,000 Nominating and Governance Committee Membership $ 7,500 Technology and Cybersecurity Committee Membership $ 5,000 Committee chairs are entitled to receive the committee membership retainer in addition to the committee chair retainer. As of June 2025, the Technology and Cybersecurity Committee was dissolved, and no additional fees shall be paid to the former members of the Technology and Cybersecurity Committee for FY26. 32 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors Additionally, as of July 2025, Mr. Dangeard resigned as the Chair and Ms. Barsamian was appointed as the Lead Independent Director. Ms. Barsamian will be paid $100,000 annually as the Lead Independent Director, prorated appropriately for FY26. Such retainers are earned in equal portions quarterly on December 1st, March 1st, June 1st and September 1st, subject to the director s service through each such date. Directors who join Gen after the beginning of the fiscal year receive a prorated cash payment in respect of their annual retainer fee and fees. Each non-employee director can also elect to receive his or her annual retainer fee in the form of restricted stock units (RSUs) covering whole shares in lieu of cash payments, which will be granted on the date of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders immediately following such election (or on the date of appointment for new non-employee directors who join the Board between annual meetings) and which will vest on the same dates as the cash retainers. Annual Equity Awards. On the date of each annual meeting of stockholders, each non-employee director is entitled to receive an annual award of RSUs having a fair market value on the grant date equal to $260,000, which will vest 100% on the earlier of the first anniversary of the date of grant and the next annual meeting of stockholders, subject to the director s continued service through the vesting date. The amount of such grants will be prorated for directors who are appointed between annual meeting of stockholders. Change in Control. In the event of a change in control, all unearned cash fees and unvested RSU awards granted to non- employee directors under the non-employee director compensation policy will accelerate in full. Stock-Approved Limited on Non-Employee Directors Compensation. Our stockholder approved Gen Digital Inc. Equity Incentive Plan also provides that the aggregate value of all compensation paid or granted, as applicable, to any individual for service as a non- employee director of our Board of Directors with respect to any fiscal year, including awards granted under the Gen Digital Inc. Equity Incentive Plan and cash fees paid by us to such non-employee director, will not exceed $900,000 in total value. Director Stock Ownership Guidelines: The Compensation and Leadership Development Committee adopted the following stock ownership guidelines for our non-employee directors to better align our directors interests with those of our stockholders: Directors must maintain a minimum holding of company stock with a fair market value equal to ten times (10x) such director s total annual cash retainer; Shares owned outright (including shares held in street name and shares held in trust that are deemed to be beneficially owned by the non-employee director for Section 16 reporting purposes) count toward the holding minimum; In the event the annual retainer (or any portion thereof) is paid to a non-employee director in equity instead of cash, the value of such annual retainer for purposes of calculating the minimum holding requirement means the grant date fair value of the annual equity award (or applicable portion thereof), except unexercised stock options (whether vested or untested) will not count toward the holding minimum; New directors will have five years to reach the minimum holding level; and Notwithstanding the foregoing, directors may sell enough shares to cover their income tax liability on vested grants. The stock ownership information for each of our directors is shown under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management beginning on page 39 of this proxy statement. As of June 15, 2025, all our directors had either met their stock ownership requirement or had remaining time to do so. Gen 2025 Proxy | 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors Fiscal 2025 Director Compensation The following table provides information for FY25 compensation for all of our non-employee directors in FY25, except for Mr. Vlcek who served as an executive officer for a portion of the year and whose compensation is described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis below: Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1)(2)(3)(5) Stock Awards ($) (4)(5) Total ($) Susan P. Barsamian 85,010 259,984 344,994 Pavel Baudis 55,010 259,984 314,994 Eric K. Brandt 80,010 259,984 339,994 Frank E. Dangeard 172,507 259,984 432,491 Nora M. Denzel 80,010 259,984 339,994 Peter A. Feld 82,507 259,984 342,491 Emily Heath 80,010 259,984 339,994 Sherrese M. Smith 62,507 259,984 322,491 (1) The aggregate full grant date fair value for each directors annual stock award and retainer fee elected to be paid in stock was calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. (2) Represents non-employee director annual retainer and committee fees earned and paid in quarterly installments on June 1, 2024, September 1, 2024, December 1, 2024, and March 1, 2025. (3) In lieu of cash, non-employee directors may elect to receive their annual retainer fee of $50,000 in the form of RSUs. In FY25, Mr. Dangeard, Mr. Feld, and Ms. Smith each received 1,930 RSUs on September 10, 2024, with a per share fair value of $25.90, an aggregate grant date fair value of $49,987, and which vested in four equal installments on December 1, 2024, March 1, 2025, June 1, 2025 and September 1, 2025, respectively. (4) Annual awards granted to each non-employee director for 10,038 RSUs on September 10, 2024, with a per share fair value of $25.90, an aggregate grant date fair value of $259,984, and vests 100% at the Annual Meeting. (5) Unvested and outstanding RSUs as of March 28, 2025: Number of RSUs Outstanding and Unvested (#) Susan P. Barsamian 10,038 Pavel Baudis 10,038 Eric K. Brandt 10,038 Frank E. Dangeard 11,003 Nora M. Denzel 10,038 Peter A. Feld 11,003 Emily Heath 10,038 Sherrese M. Smith 11,003 Certain Changes Beginning in Fiscal Year 2026 On June 13, 2024, Ondrej Vlcek transitioned from Gen and departed from his role as President of Gen but continues to serve as a member of the Company s Board and provide consulting services to the Company to ensure an orderly transition, and he will continue to vest in certain RSUs, which are tied to his service on the Board or service as a consultant as described in more detail in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis below. If Mr. Vlcek is elected to the Board at the Annual Meeting, he will be eligible to receive compensation under our non-employee director compensation program. Mr. Feld and Mr. Dangeard resigned from their board positions in May 2025 and July 2025, respectively. Mr. Chrystal was appointed to the Board in May 2025. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE NINE NOMINATED DIRECTORS. 34 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal No. 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR APPROVAL OF PROPOSAL NO. 2 The Audit Committee has appointed KPMG LLP (KPMG) as our principal independent registered public accounting firm to perform the audit of our consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2026. As a matter of good corporate governance, the Audit Committee has decided to submit its selection of independent audit firm to stockholders for ratification. If this appointment of KPMG is not ratified by a majority of the shares of common stock present or represented at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the matter, the Audit Committee will review its future selection of KPMG as our independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee first approved KPMG as our independent auditors in September 2002, and KPMG audited our financial statements for FY25. Representatives of KPMG are expected to attend the Annual Meeting with the opportunity to make a statement and respond to appropriate questions from stockholders present at the Annual Meeting with respect to this proposal. Principal Accountant Fees and Services We regularly review the services and fees from our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG. These services and fees are also reviewed with the Audit Committee annually. In accordance with standard policy, KPMG periodically rotates the individuals who are responsible for our audit. Our Audit Committee has determined that the providing of certain non-audit services, as described below, is compatible with maintaining the independence of KPMG. In addition to performing the audit of our consolidated financial statements, KPMG provided various other services during fiscal years 2025 and 2024. Our Audit Committee has determined that KPMG s provisioning of these services, which are described below, does not impair KPMG s independence from Gen. The aggregate fees billed for fiscal years 2025 and 2024 for each of the following categories of services are as follows: Fees Billed to Gen FY25 FY24 Audit Fees (1) $ 4,021,666 $ 5,168,954 Audit Related Fees (2) $ 445,203 $ Tax Fees (3) $ 193,151 $ 22,006 All Other Fees $ $ Total Fees $4,660,020 $5,190,960 The categories in the above table have the definitions assigned under Item 9 of Schedule 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act, and these categories include the following components: (1) Audit Fees include fees for audit services principally related to the year-end examination and the quarterly reviews of our consolidated financial statements, consultation on matters that arise during a review or audit, review of SEC filings, statutory audits and miscellaneous work performed regarding the proxy and debt filings. Gen 2025 Proxy | 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal No. 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting (2) Audit Related Fees includes fees for finance due diligence work for acquisitions. (3) Tax Fees include fees for tax due diligence services in connection with acquisitions and tax compliance. An accounting firm other than KPMG performs supplemental internal audit services for Gen. Another accounting firm provides the majority of Gen s outside tax services. Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit Committee s policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. The Audit Committee may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. All of the services relating to the fees described in the table above were approved by the Audit Committee. 36 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal No. 3 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR APPROVAL OF PROPOSAL NO. 3 In accordance with Section 14A of the Exchange Act, stockholders are entitled to cast an advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers, as disclosed in this proxy statement. Accordingly, you are being asked to vote on the following resolution at the Annual Meeting: RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to Gen Digital Inc. s named executive officers, as disclosed in this proxy statement pursuant to the SEC s compensation disclosure rules, including the Compensation Discussion Analysis, compensation tables and narrative discussion, is hereby approved. As described more fully in the Compensation Discussion Analysis section of this proxy statement, we believe our named executive officers are compensated in a manner consistent with our pay-for-performance philosophy and corporate governance best practices. The vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers is advisory and, therefore, not binding. Although the vote is non-binding, the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee and the Board value your opinion and will consider the outcome of the vote in establishing its compensation philosophy and making future compensation decisions. Our current policy is to hold such an advisory vote each year, and we expect to hold another such advisory vote at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Gen 2025 Proxy | 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Executive Officers The names, ages and positions of our executive officers on July 14, 2025 are shown below. Name Age Position Vincent Pilette 53 Chief Executive Officer and President Natalie M. Derse 48 Chief Financial Officer Bryan Ko 54 Chief Legal Officer, Secretary and Head of Corporate Development The Board chooses executive officers, who then serve at the Board s discretion. There is no family relationship between any of the directors or executive officers and any other director or executive officer of Gen. For information regarding Mr. Pilette, please refer to Proposal No. 1, Election of Directors above. Ms. Derse has served as our Chief Financial Officer since July 2020. Ms. Derse previously served in numerous financial capacities with eBay, Inc., a global commerce marketplace, from July 2011 through July 2020, most recently as its Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Global Product, Platform, Payments, Risk and Trust and previously as Vice President of Finance, Chief Audit Executive, Vice President, CFO Americas, Vice President, Americas Business Operations General Manager Rest of Americas, and Senior Director, Global FP A. Prior to joining eBay, Ms. Derse served in a variety of capacities at Stanley Black Decker, Inc., a manufacturer of hand and power tools, from February 2008 through July 2011. Before that, Ms. Derse spent over ten years in numerous financial roles with General Electric Company, a global digital industrial company. Ms. Derse holds a Bachelor of Science degree in finance from the University of Dayton, Ohio. Mr. Ko has served as our Chief Legal Officer, Secretary and Head of Corporate Affairs since January 2020. Before joining Gen, Mr. Ko served as Logitech International s general counsel, corporate secretary and head of corporate development from January 2015 through January 2020. Prior to joining Logitech, he was general counsel and corporate secretary for Fuhu, Inc., a late-stage startup in 2014. From 2000 to 2014, he served in a variety of legal roles at Electronics For Imaging, Inc., including the last six years as general counsel and vice president of strategic relations. Prior to joining EFI, Bryan was an associate at Shearman Sterling in the firm s Mergers Acquisitions and Real Property groups. He received his M.B.A. and Bachelor of Arts degrees from UC Berkeley and his J.D. from Rutgers University School of Law. 38 | Gen 2025 Proxy TABLE OF CONTENTS Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The following table sets forth information, as of July 14, 2025, with respect to the beneficial ownership of Gen common stock by (i) each stockholder known by Gen to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of Gen common stock, (ii) each current member of the Board or director nominee, (iii) the named executive officers of Gen included in the Summary Compensation Table appearing on page 68 of this Proxy Statement and (iv) all current executive officers and directors of Gen as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Unless otherwise indicated below, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. Percentage ownership is based on 615,676,153 shares of Gen common stock outstanding as of July 14, 2025. Shares of common stock subject to restricted stock units vesting on or before September 13, 2025 (within 60 days of July 14, 2025) are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of such person but are not treated as outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of others. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each of the individuals and entities named below is c/o Gen Digital Inc., 60 E. Rio Salado Parkway, Suite 1000, Tempe, Arizona 85281. Five Percent Owners of Common Stock Shares Beneficially Owned Name and Mailing Address Number Percent Vanguard Group Inc. (1) PO Box 2600, V26, Valley Forge, PA 19482-2600 70,109,802 11.4% BlackRock, Inc. (2) 50 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001 54,829,148 8.9% PaBa Software s.r.o. (3) Brabcova 1159/2 Praha, 147 00 Prague 4, Czech Republic 49,816,185 8.1% FMR LLC (4) 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02210 34,353,768 5.6% (1) Based solely on a Schedule 13F filing made by Vanguard Group Inc on May 9, 2025. (2) Based solely on a Schedule 13F Filing made by Blackrock, Inc. on May 2, 2025. (3) Based solely on a Schedule 13D Filed on July 28, 2023. Mr. Baudis is the sole owner of PaBa Software s.r.o. and has full voting and dispositive power. (4) Based solely on a Schedule 13F filing made by FMR LLC on May 12, 2025. Gen 2025 Proxy | 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Security Ownership of Executive Officers and Directors Shares Beneficially Owned Name Number Percent Pavel Baudis (1) 49,843,940 8.1% Ondrej Vlcek (2) 4,217,890 * Vincent Pilette (3) 2,192,343 * Bryan S. Ko 464,719 * Natalie M. Derse 269,347 * Frank E. Dangeard (4) 185,299 * Susan P. Barsamian (5) 91,063 * Eric K. Brandt (6) 69,684 * Sherrese M. Smith (7) 63,364 * Emily Heath (8) 58,380 * Nora M. Denzel (9) 34,860 * John C. Chrystal (10) 2,901 * All Current Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (12 Persons) 57,493,790 9.3% * Less 