=== GEN_2026-05-21.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors A description of the risk factors associated with our business is set forth below and in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Legal Proceedings,” “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” and “Controls and Procedures.” The list is not exhaustive, and you should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties before investing in our common stock. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY AND INDUSTRY If we are unable to develop new and enhanced solutions and products, or continually improve the performance, features, and reliability of our existing solutions and products, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Our future success depends on our ability to effectively respond to evolving consumer threats, technological advancements, competitive developments and industry changes, by developing or introducing new and enhanced solutions and products on a timely basis. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant research and development expenses, including investments in AI, to drive organic growth and reduce reliance on third-party technologies. If these investments do not produce the anticipated benefits, or if such benefits are delayed, our operating results could be adversely affected. We must continually address the challenges of dynamic and accelerating market trends and competitive developments. The development and integration of new technologies — including generative AI (“Gen AI”) and machine learning — is complex, time-consuming, and subject to significant risks. New technologies may contain errors, vulnerabilities, or unintended outputs, including incorrect or biased results, that are not easily detectable, which could lead to customer dissatisfaction, reputational harm, litigation, or increased regulatory scrutiny. Customers may also demand features or capabilities that our current solutions do not offer, and failure to innovate in a timely and cost-effective manner could impair our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers. The development and introduction of new solutions involve significant commitments of time and resources and are subject to risks and challenges including but not limited to: • Lengthy development cycles; • Evolving industry and regulatory standards and technological developments, including AI and machine learning, by our competitors and customers; • Rapidly changing customer preferences and accurately anticipating technological trends or needs; • Evolving platforms, operating systems, and hardware products, such as mobile devices; • Product and service interoperability challenges with customer’s technology and third-party vendors; • The integration of products and solutions from acquired companies; 12 Table of Contents • Availability of engineering and technical talent; • Entering new or unproven market segments; • New and evolving regulation; and • Executing new product and service strategies. In addition, third parties, including, but not limited to, operating systems and internet browser companies, have in the past and may in the future limit the interoperability of our solutions with their own products and services, including to promote competing offerings. Such actions could delay the development of, impair the functionality of, or reduce the demand for our solutions and products, which could result in decreased revenue, harm to our reputation, and adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. If we fail to manage these risks effectively, or if our new or improved solutions or products are not technologically competitive or do not achieve market acceptance, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. We operate in a highly competitive and dynamic environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively, we could experience a loss in market share and a reduction in revenue. We operate in intensely competitive and dynamic markets characterized by rapid technological developments, evolving industry and regulatory standards and market trends, changing customer requirements and preferences, and frequent new product introductions and improvements. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, significant competitive pressures. If we are unable to anticipate or respond effectively to these continually evolving conditions, we could lose market share, experience pricing pressure, and incur reduced revenues, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. To compete successfully, we must maintain a robust and innovative research and development effort, enhance our existing solutions and products, introduce new offerings on a timely basis, and effectively adapt to changes in the technology, financial technology, AI, privacy and data protection standards and trends. Our cyber safety and financial wellness businesses compete with a broad range of companies, including established security software vendors, operating system and platform providers, companies who specialize in a niche segment of the cyber safety market and which are expanding their portfolios into competing cyber safety products, traditional banks and credit unions, licensed and non-bank digital financial service providers, specialty finance companies, digital wealth management and brokerage platforms, embedded finance providers, financial marketplaces, and other technology companies. Many of these competitors have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, larger customer bases, and significantly greater financial, technical, and marketing resources than we do. They may be able to offer more competitive pricing or terms, bundle products more effectively, introduce new, enhanced, broader or more specialized offerings more quickly (including for free), or respond more rapidly to technological and consumer trends. We expect our competition to continue to increase, as there are generally no substantial barriers to entry into the markets we serve. In addition, operating system and platform providers increasingly incorporate native security, privacy, and financial features into their products, often at no additional cost, which may reduce demand for our offerings or diminish their differentiation. We also depend on strategic distribution and bundling relationships, and partners have in the past replaced, and may in the future replace, our solutions with competing or internally developed offerings, promote competing products more favorably, or limit interoperability. Industry consolidation, vertical integration, and the introduction of new or alternative technologies may further intensify competition. We cannot be sure that we will accurately predict how the markets in which we compete or intend to compete will evolve. Failure on our part to anticipate changes in our markets and to develop solutions and enhancements that meet the demands of those markets or to effectively compete against our competitors will significantly impair our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Issues in the development and deployment of AI, including generative AI and emerging AI-enabled cyber threats, could expose us to regulatory, privacy, IP, cybersecurity, operational and reputational risks. We have incorporated, and are continuing to develop and deploy, AI, including Gen AI, into many of our products, solutions and services. AI systems, including AI internally developed and AI present in third party solutions, may be flawed, contain errors or vulnerabilities, reflect unintended bias, or produce inaccurate, misleading or “hallucinatory” outputs, and such deficiencies may not be easily detectable. Customers may rely on AI-generated outputs in making financial, security or other significant decisions. If AI-enabled features in our products produce incorrect, incomplete or biased outputs, we could face claims of misrepresentation, negligence, product liability or other legal theories, as well as customer dissatisfaction, reputational harm and loss of business. Furthermore, we may face allegations of misrepresentations or “AI washing” if our disclosures about our AI capabilities or our AI-related governance are deemed to be exaggerated or misleading, which could result in enforcement actions, litigation or reputational harm. AI can present ethical issues and may subject us to new or heightened legal, regulatory, ethical, or other challenges, including issues relating to discrimination, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, violation of rights of publicity, inability to assert ownership of inventions and works of authorship, loss of trade secrets, defamation, data privacy, and cybersecurity; and inappropriate or controversial data practices by third-party partners, developers and end-users, or other factors adversely affecting public opinion of AI, could impair the acceptance of AI solutions, including those incorporated in our products and services. If the AI solutions that we create or use are deficient, inaccurate or controversial, we could incur 13 Table of Contents operational inefficiencies, competitive harm, legal liability, brand or reputational harm, or other adverse impacts on our business and financial results. In addition, if we do not have sufficient rights to use the data or other material or content on which our AI tools rely, we also may incur liability through the violation of applicable laws and regulations, third-party intellectual property, privacy or other rights, or contracts to which we are a party. The use or adoption of AI technologies in our products may also result in exposure to claims by third parties of copyright infringement or other intellectual property misappropriation, which may require us to pay compensation or license fees to third parties. For example, the large datasets used to train Gen AI technologies or output generated by Gen AI technologies may contain materials that may subject us to third-party claims of intellectual property infringement or violations of rights of publicity. This risk is exacerbated with respect to our use of third-party Gen AI technologies, as it can be very difficult, if not impossible, to validate the processes used by third-party Gen AI technology providers in their collection and use of training data or the algorithm to produce outputs. In addition, regulation of Gen AI is rapidly evolving worldwide as legislators and regulators are increasingly focused on these powerful emerging technologies. The technologies underlying Gen AI and its uses are currently subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including intellectual property, privacy, data protection and information security, consumer protection, competition, and equal opportunity laws, and are expected to be subject to increased regulation and new laws or new applications of existing laws and regulations. Gen AI is the subject of ongoing review by various U.S. governmental and regulatory agencies, and various U.S. states and other foreign jurisdictions are applying, or are considering applying, their platform moderation, cybersecurity, and data protection laws and regulations to Gen AI or are considering general legal frameworks for Gen AI. For example, the EU AI Act, which came into force on August 1, 2024, will generally become fully applicable after a two-year transitional period, with certain obligations taking effect at an earlier or later time. The EU AI Act introduces various requirements for AI systems and models placed on the market or put into service in the EU, including specific transparency and other requirements for general purpose AI systems and the models on which they are based. In addition, several U.S. states, such as California and Colorado, have proposed or enacted laws regarding automated decision‑making, deepfakes, algorithmic discrimination and so called “high‑risk” AI technologies (mandating, among other provisions, requirements for risk management, impact assessments, consumer notices and human oversight). At the federal level, a December 2025 executive order endorsed a federal moratorium on enforcement of state AI laws and the White House released in March 2026 a National Policy Framework for Artificial Intelligence, outlining nonbinding legislative recommendations to inform congressional consideration of a unified federal approach to AI regulation. Ongoing tension between the states and the federal government over how best to regulate AI may result in increased uncertainty, risk and compliance costs for our business. If we cannot use AI, or if our use of AI is restricted, it could lead to business disruption, inefficiency, or competitive disadvantage. Replacement of these technologies with compliant alternatives could require substantial capital expenditures or lead to a loss of proprietary data. Furthermore, because AI technology itself is highly complex and rapidly developing, it is not possible to predict all of the legal, operational or technological risks that may arise relating to the use of AI, including the increased use of agentic AI and the heightened risk it poses to data privacy and cybersecurity. The rapid evolution of AI, including potential government regulation of AI, requires us to invest significant resources to develop, test, and maintain AI in our products and services in a manner that meets evolving requirements and expectations and we may need to expend resources to adjust our offerings in certain jurisdictions if the legal frameworks are inconsistent across jurisdictions. Developing, testing, and deploying AI systems may also increase the cost profile of our offerings due to the nature of the computing costs involved in such systems. Our acquisitions and divestitures create special risks and challenges that could adversely affect our financial results. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire or divest businesses or assets. For example, we acquired MoneyLion in April 2025. Our acquisition and divestiture activities have and may continue to involve a number of risks and challenges, including: • Complexity, time and costs associated with managing these transactions, including the integration of acquired and the winding down of divested business operations, workforce, products, services, IT systems and technologies; • Challenges in maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies within the combined organization; • Challenges in retaining the customers of acquired businesses, providing the same level of service to existing customers with reduced resources, or retaining the third-party relationships, including with suppliers, service providers, and vendors, among others; • Diversion of management time and attention; • Loss or termination of employees, including costs and potential institutional knowledge loss associated with the termination or replacement of those employees; • Assumption of liabilities of the acquired and divested business or assets, including pending or future litigation, investigations or claims related to the acquired business or assets; • Addition of acquisition-related debt; • Difficulty entering into or expanding into new markets or geographies; • Increased or unexpected costs and working capital requirements; • Dilution of stock ownership of existing stockholders; 14 Table of Contents • Ongoing contractual obligations and unanticipated delays or failure to meet contractual obligations; • Regulatory risks, including remaining in good standing with existing regulatory bodies or receiving any necessary approvals, as well as being subject to new regulators with oversight over an acquired business; • Substantial accounting charges for acquisition-related costs, asset impairments, amortization of intangible assets and higher levels of stock-based compensation expense; and • Difficulty in realizing potential benefits, including cost savings and operational efficiencies, synergies and growth prospects from integrating acquired businesses. We may not be able to identify appropriate business opportunities that benefit our business strategy or otherwise satisfy our criteria to undertake such opportunities. Even if we do identify potential strategic transactions, we may not be successful in negotiating favorable terms in a timely manner or at all or in consummating the transaction, and even if we do consummate such a transaction, it may not generate sufficient revenue to offset the associated costs, may not otherwise result in the intended benefits or may result in unexpected difficulties and risks. Macroeconomic factors, such as fluctuating tariffs, trade wars, high inflation, high interest rates, and volatility in foreign currency exchange rates and capital markets could negatively influence our future acquisition opportunities. Moreover, to be successful, large complex acquisitions depend on large-scale product, technology, and sales force integrations that are difficult to complete on a timely basis or at all and may be more susceptible to the special risks and challenges described above. Any of the foregoing, and other factors, could harm our ability to achieve anticipated levels of profitability or other financial benefits from our acquired or divested businesses, product lines or assets or to realize other anticipated benefits of divestitures or acquisitions. Our revenue and operating results depend significantly on our ability to retain our existing customers and increase their adoption of our offerings, convert existing non-paying customers to paying customers, and add new customers. It is important to our cyber and financial technology businesses that we retain existing customers and that our customers expand their use of our solutions and products over time. If our efforts to sell additional functionality, products and services to our customers and clients are not successful, our business and growth prospects would suffer. Customers may choose not to renew their membership with us at any time and may stop utilizing our revenue-generating products. For our solutions sold to customers on a monthly or annual subscription basis, renewing customers may require additional incentives to renew, may not renew for the same contract period, or may change their subscriptions. We therefore may be unable to retain our existing customers on the same or more profitable terms, if at all. In addition, we may not be able to accurately predict or anticipate future trends in customer retention or effectively respond to such trends. Our customer retention rates may decline or fluctuate due to a variety of factors, including the following: • Our customers’ levels of satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our solutions, the value they place on our solutions and availability of our solutions; • The quality, breadth, and prices of our solutions, including solutions offered in emerging markets; • Our general reputation and events impacting that reputation; • The services and related pricing offered by our competitors; including increasing the availability and efficacy of free solutions; • Increases in costs we incur and may pass on to our customers in order to offer our products or services; • Disruption by new services or changes in law or regulations that impact the need for or efficacy of our products and services; • Changes in auto-renewal and other consumer protection regulations; • Our customers’ dissatisfaction with our efforts to market additional products and services; • Our customer service and responsiveness to the needs of our customers; • Changes in our target customers’ spending levels as a result of general economic conditions, inflationary pressures or other factors; and • The quality and efficacy of our third-party partners who assist us in renewing customers’ subscriptions. Declining customer retention rates could cause our revenue to grow more slowly than expected or decline, and our operating results, gross margins and business will be harmed. In addition, our ability to generate revenue and maintain or improve our results of operations partly depends on our ability to cross-sell our solutions to our existing customers and to convert existing non-paying customers to paying customers and add new customers. We may not be successful in cross selling our solutions because our customers may find our additional solutions unnecessary or unattractive. Our failure to sell additional solutions to our existing customers, failure to convert existing non-paying customers to paying customers or add new customers could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. An important part of our growth strategy involves continued investment in direct marketing efforts, indirect partner distribution channels, expanding partner relationships, freemium channels, our sales force, and infrastructure to add new customers. The number and rate at which new customers purchase our products and services depends on a number of factors, including those outside of our control, such as customers’ perceived need for our solutions and products, competition, general economic conditions, market transitions, product obsolescence, technological change, public awareness of security threats to IT systems, 15 Table of Contents macroeconomic conditions, and other factors. New customers, if any, may subscribe or renew their subscriptions, or utilize our products and solutions, at lower rates than we have experienced in the past, introducing uncertainty about their economic attractiveness and potentially impacting our financial results. Additionally, there are inherent challenges in measuring the usage of our products and solutions across our brands, platforms, regions, and internal systems, and therefore, calculation methodologies for direct customer counts may differ, which may impact our ability to measure the addition of new customers and our understanding of certain details of our business. The methodologies used to measure these metrics require judgment and are also susceptible to algorithms or other technical errors. From time to time, we review our metrics and may discover inaccuracies or make adjustments to improve their accuracy, which can result in adjustments to our historical metrics. Our ability to recalculate our historical metrics may be impacted by data limitations or other factors that require us to apply different methodologies for such adjustments. If investors do not perceive our operating metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, our reputation may be significantly harmed, and our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. We may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully. The intense competition and evolving general and economic business conditions (including rising government debt levels, potential government policy shifts, changing U.S. consumer spending patterns, economic volatility, fluctuating tariff rates, trade wars, and high inflation and interest rates, among other things), may require us to change our pricing practices. If our competitors offer deep discounts on certain solutions, provide offerings, or offer free introductory products that compete with ours, we may experience pricing pressure and may be unable to retain current customers and clients or attract new customers and clients at consistent prices within our operating budget. To compete effectively, we may need to lower prices, offer promotional or freemium products, or otherwise change our pricing models. Conversely, if we increase prices in response to economic conditions, cost pressures or strategic considerations, we may experience reduced customer acquisition and retention. Any such pricing changes could reduce revenue, margins and profitability. Additionally, our solutions are discretionary purchases, and customers may reduce or eliminate their discretionary spending during periods of economic uncertainty, inflation, elevated interest rates, trade disruptions or other macroeconomic stress. We have experienced and may continue to experience a material increase in cancellations by customers or reduced retention during such periods. Many of Avira’s and Avast’s users are freemium subscribers, meaning they do not pay for its basic services, and our growth strategy for their respective products depends upon attracting and converting Avira’s and Avast’s freemium users to a paid subscription option. Numerous factors, however, have previously and may continue to impede our ability to attract and retain free users, convert these users into paying customers and retain them as paying customers. If we fail to manage our sales and distribution channels effectively, if our partners choose not to market and sell our solutions to their customers, or if we have an adverse change in our relationships with key third-party partners, service providers or vendors, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected. A significant portion of our revenue is generated through indirect sales and distribution channels, including distributors, resellers, telecom service providers and strategic partners that bundle or incorporate our products into their offerings. In our MoneyLion business specifically, we also depend on channel partners that provide access to consumers – such as news sites, content publishers, product comparison sites and financial institutions – and on product partners that offer financial products through our marketplace platform. Our channel and partner agreements are generally nonexclusive, impose no minimum sales or marketing commitments and may be terminated or renegotiated at any time, potentially on less favorable terms. Many of our partners frequently offer competing products or services and may prioritize those offerings based on pricing, promotional support, incentives, economics or strategic considerations. Sales and revenues generated through indirect channels are subject to general economic conditions, competitive dynamics, changes in partner strategy and performance and partner financial health. For example, in our MoneyLion business, our success depends in part on the delivery of qualified consumer lead inquiries and conversions to completed transactions for various financial products to product partners. However, the failure of our marketplace platform to effectively connect and match consumers from our channel partners with product offerings from our product partners in a manner that results in converted customers and increased revenue for such product partners could cause product partners to cease spending marketing funds on our marketplace platform, which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to maintain or increase our marketplace revenue. Any reduction in partner sales efforts, termination of key relationships, delays in payment, adverse changes in commercial terms or other adverse channel developments could materially and adversely affect our revenue, margins and operating results. In addition, the success of our business and our ability to engage and retain customers in our platform are dependent in part on our ability to produce or acquire popular content, which in turn depends on our ability to retain content creators and rights to content for our platform. We may in the future incur increasing revenue-sharing costs to compensate content creators for producing original content. We have limited control over our partners’ business practices, and any misconduct, regulatory or legal noncompliance, financial distress, reputational harm or failure to perform involving a partner could negatively affect our brand, customer relationships and operations. If a partner fails to perform its obligations or comply with applicable requirements, our operations and financial results could be negatively impacted. 16 Table of Contents Consolidation among retailers, online platforms, financial institutions or other distribution intermediaries may increase their negotiating leverage, reduce available distribution channels for us and negatively affect pricing and margins. In our MoneyLion business, changes in product partners’ underwriting standards, marketing budgets, financial condition or strategic priorities could reduce the availability of financial products on our platform, decrease marketing and advertising revenue, delay payments or otherwise negatively affect our results. In general, any changes in these relationships or loss of these partners or vendors, any failure of them to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at all or if they were to cease to provide such functions for any reason, could degrade the functionality of our platform, materially and adversely affect usage of our products and services, impose additional costs or requirements or disadvantage us compared to our competitors. We also rely on relationships with third-party partners to obtain and maintain customers, and our ability to acquire new customers could be materially harmed if we are unable to enter into or maintain these relationships on terms that are commercially reasonable to us, or at all. Finally, if we fail to manage our sales and distribution channels successfully, these channels may conflict with one another or otherwise fail to perform as we anticipate, which could reduce our sales and increase our expenses as well as weaken our competitive position. Changes in industry structure and market conditions have and may continue to lead to charges related to discontinuance of certain products or businesses and asset impairments. In response to changes in industry structure and market conditions, we have been and may continue to be required to strategically reallocate our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiti

=== GEN_2026-02-06.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors SUMMARY RISK FACTORS We are subject to a number of risks that, if realized, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Some of our more significant challenges and risks include, but are not limited to, the following, which are described in greater detail below: • If we are unable to develop new and enhanced solutions and products, or if we are unable to continually improve the performance, features, and reliability of our existing solutions and products, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. • We operate in a highly competitive and dynamic environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively, we could experience a loss in market share and a reduction in revenue. • Issues in the development and deployment of artificial intelligence (“AI”) may result in reputational harm and legal liability and could adversely affect our results of operations. • Our acquisitions and divestitures create special risks and challenges that could adversely affect our financial results. • Our revenue and operating results depend significantly on our ability to retain our existing customers and expand sales to them, convert existing non-paying customers to paying customers and add new customers. • If we fail to manage our sales and distribution channels effectively, if our partners choose not to market and sell our solutions to their customers, or if we have an adverse change in our relationships with key third-party partners, service providers or vendors, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected. • Changes in industry structure and market conditions have and may continue to lead to charges related to discontinuance of certain of our products or businesses and asset impairments. • Our international operations involve risks that could increase our expenses, adversely affect our operating results and require increased time and attention of our management. • Our future success depends on our ability to attract and retain personnel in a competitive marketplace. • If the information provided to us by customers or other third parties is incorrect or fraudulent, we may misjudge a customer’s qualifications to receive our products and services and our results of operations may be harmed and could subject us to regulatory scrutiny or penalties. • Our solutions, systems, websites and the data on these sources have been in the past and may continue to be subject to cybersecurity events that could materially harm our reputation and future sales. • We collect, use, disclose, store or otherwise process personal information and other sensitive data, which is subject to stringent and changing state and federal laws and regulations. • Our inability to successfully recover from a disaster or other business continuity event could impair our ability to deliver our products and services, which could harm our business. • We are dependent upon Broadcom for certain engineering and threat response services, which are critical to many of our products and business. • If we fail to offer high-quality customer support, our customer satisfaction may suffer and have a negative impact on our business and reputation. • Our solutions are complex and operate in a wide variety of environments, systems and configurations, which could result in failures of our solutions to function as designed. • Negative publicity regarding our brand, solutions and business could harm our competitive position. • Our reputation and/or business could be negatively impacted by sustainability and governance matters and/or our reporting of such matters. • We are affected by seasonality, which may impact our revenue and results of operations. • Our solutions are highly regulated and the legal and regulatory regimes governing certain of our products and services are uncertain and evolving, which could impede our ability to market and provide our solutions or adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. • The regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies and digital assets is uncertain, and new laws, regulations or policies, including licensing laws, may alter our business practices with respect to digital assets. • If we do not protect our proprietary information and prevent third parties from making unauthorized use of our products and technology, our financial results could be harmed. 38 Table of Contents • From time to time we are party to lawsuits and investigations, which have previously and could in the future require significant management time and attention, cause us to incur significant legal expenses and prevent us from selling our products. • Third parties have claimed and additional third parties in the future may claim that we infringe their proprietary rights. • Some of our products contain “open source” software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could negatively affect our business. • There are risks associated with our outstanding and future indebtedness that could adversely affect our financial condition. • Our Amended Credit Agreement imposes operating and financial restrictions on us. • We may be unsuccessful in managing the effects of changes in the cost of capital on our business. • The failure of financial institutions or transactional counterparties could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and result of operations. • If our existing funding arrangements are not renewed or replaced or our existing funding sources are unwilling or unable to provide funding to us on terms acceptable to us, or at all, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. • Hedging or other mitigation actions to mitigate against interest rate exposure may adversely affect our earnings, limit our gains or result in losses, which could adversely affect cash available for distributions. • Adverse macroeconomic conditions and government efforts to combat inflation, along with other interest rate pressures, have led to and may continue to lead to higher financing costs and may particularly have negative effects on the consumer finance industry and our MoneyLion business. • Fluctuations in our quarterly financial results have affected the trading price of our stock in the past and could affect the trading price of our stock in the future. • We may be required to issue shares under our contingent value rights agreement with certain former holders. • Changes to our effective tax rate could increase our income tax expense and reduce (increase) our net income (loss), cash flows and working capital and audits by tax authorities could result in additional tax payments for prior periods. • We could be obligated to pay additional taxes in various jurisdiction, which would harm our results of operations. • Our ability to use our deferred tax assets to offset future taxable income may be limited. The above list is not exhaustive, and we face additional challenges and risks. Please carefully consider all of the information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the matters set forth below. A description of the risk factors associated with our business is set forth below and in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Legal Proceedings,” “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” and “Controls and Procedures.” The list is not exhaustive, and you should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties before investing in our common stock. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY AND INDUSTRY If we are unable to develop new and enhanced solutions, or if we are unable to continually improve the performance, features, and reliability of our existing solutions, our business and 