=== MCK_2026-05-08.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. INDEX TO RISK FACTORS Section Page Litigation and Regulatory Risks 15 Company and Operational Risks 17 Industry and Economic Risks 23 General Risks 25 The discussion below identifies certain representative risks that might cause our actual business results to materially differ from our forward looking statements. It is not practical to identify or describe all risks and uncertainties that might materially impact our business operations, reputation, financial position, or results of operations. Our business could be materially affected by risks that we have not identified or that we currently consider to be immaterial. This is not a complete discussion of all potential risks and uncertainties. The characterization of a risk as potential does not mean the risk has not occurred, is not currently occurring, or is unlikely to occur. 14 Table of Contents Item 1A Index McKESSON CORPORATION Litigation and Regulatory Risks We experience costly and disruptive legal disputes. We are routinely named as a defendant in litigation or regulatory proceedings and other legal disputes, which may include asserted class action litigation, such as those described in Financial Note 17, “Commitments and Contingent Liabilities, ” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. Regulatory proceedings involve allegations such as false claims, healthcare fraud and abuse, and violations of competition laws. Civil litigation proceedings involve commercial, employment, environmental, intellectual property, tort, and other claims. Despite valid defenses that we assert, legal disputes are often costly, time-consuming, distracting to management, and disruptive to normal business operations. The uncertainty and expense associated with unresolved legal disputes might harm our business and reputation even if the matter ultimately is favorably resolved. The outcome of legal disputes is difficult to predict, and outcomes may occur that we believe are not justified by the evidence or existing law. Outcomes include monetary damages, penalties and fines, and injunctive or other relief that requires us to change our business operations, practices, or arrangements and incur significant expense. Accordingly, legal disputes might have a materially adverse impact on our reputation, our business operations, and our financial position or results of operations. We experience losses not covered by insurance or indemnification. Our business exposes us to risks that are inherent in the distribution, manufacturing, dispensing, and administration of pharmaceuticals and medical-surgical supplies, the provision of ancillary services, the conduct of our payer businesses, practice support services, and the provision of products that assist clinical decision-making and relate to patient medical histories and treatment plans. For example, pharmacy operations are exposed to risks such as improper filling of prescriptions, mislabeling of prescriptions, inadequacy of warnings, unintentional distribution of counterfeit drugs, and expiration of drugs. Although we seek to maintain adequate insurance coverage, such as property insurance for inventory and professional and general liability insurance, coverages on acceptable terms might be unavailable, or coverages might not cover our losses. We generally seek to limit our contractual exposure, but limitations of liability or indemnity provisions in our contracts may not be enforceable or adequately protect us from liability. Uninsured or non-indemnified losses might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. We experience costly legal disputes, government actions, and adverse publicity regarding our role in distributing controlled substances such as opioids. The Company is a defendant in many litigation matters alleging claims related to the distribution of controlled substances (opioids), as described in Financial Note 17, “Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report. We are sometimes named as a defendant in similar, new cases. The plaintiffs in those cases include governmental entities (such as states, provinces, counties, and municipalities) as well as businesses, groups, and individuals. The cases allege violations of controlled substance laws and other laws, and they make common law claims such as negligence and public nuisance. Many of these cases raise novel theories of liability and can have unexpected outcomes that we believe are not justified by evidence or existing law. Legal proceedings such as these often involve significant expense, management time and distraction, and risk of loss that can be difficult to predict or quantify. It is not uncommon for claims to be resolved over many years. Outcomes include monetary damages, penalties and fines, and injunctive or other relief that requires us to change our business operations and incur significant expense. Although the Company has valid defenses and is vigorously defending itself, some proceedings have been, and others may be, resolved by negotiated outcome. For example, we are subject to consent decrees issued by state courts that govern our distribution of controlled substances. Not all proceedings, however, are resolved by settlement. Our reputation has been and may continue to be impacted by publicity regarding opioids litigation and related allegations. An adverse outcome of any such legal proceedings might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. 15 Table of Contents Item 1A Index McKESSON CORPORATION We are subject to extensive, complex, challenging, and frequently changing healthcare, environmental, and other laws, and may experience increased costs to distribute controlled substances such as opioids. We are subject to extensive, complex, challenging, and frequently changing healthcare, environmental, and other laws. As described in “Government Regulation” in Item 1 of Part I above, our industry is highly regulated and subject to a regulatory framework that is continually evolving. Legislative, regulatory, or industry measures related to the distribution of pharmaceuticals and controlled substances could affect our business in ways that we may not be able to predict. Further regulation of our distribution operations, technology, products, or services, or other aspects of our business, could impose increased costs, negatively impact our profit margins and the profit margins of our customers, delay the introduction or implementation of our new products, place restrictions on or require modifications to our practices or arrangements, limit our strategic options, or expose us to litigation and regulatory investigations, reviews, or other proceedings. We are subject to routine and ad hoc inspections and requests for information by governmental agencies to determine compliance with various statutes and regulations. We also incur remediation costs, and may incur additional costs, under environmental laws. Any noncompliance by us with applicable laws, or any failure to maintain, renew, or obtain necessary permits and licenses, could result in enforcement actions, fines, penalties, or other sanctions. In addition, certain states have enacted, and others continue to consider, legislation that would impose taxes, assessments, or similar charges on the distribution of controlled substances, including prescription opioids. Any such taxes, assessments, or other related compliance obligations could increase our costs, require changes to our distribution practices, or lead to adverse publicity. The scope, application, and financial impact of these measures vary by jurisdiction and may be difficult to predict. Any of the foregoing risks might have a materially adverse impact on our reputation, our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. We are subject to extensive and frequently changing laws relating to healthcare fraud, waste, and abuse. As described in “Government Regulation” in Item 1 of Part I above, federal, state, and local governmental entities in the U.S. and elsewhere continue to strengthen their position on, and scrutiny of, practices that may indicate fraud, waste, and abuse affecting government healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. Those laws may be interpreted or applied in a manner that could require us to make changes in our operations at added expense. Alleged failures to comply with those laws, including the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, expose us to federal or state government investigations or qui tam actions, and to liability for damages and civil and criminal penalties. Such failures might result in the loss of licenses or our ability to participate in Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal and state healthcare programs, or pursue government contracts. These sanctions might have a materially adverse impact on our reputation, our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. We might lose our ability to purchase, store, or distribute pharmaceuticals, including controlled substances, and medical products. As described in “Government Regulation” in Item 1 of Part I above, we are subject to the operating, quality, regulatory, and security requirements of the DEA, the FDA, various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments, CMS, and other agencies. Noncompliance with these requirements can result in inspectional observations, warning letters, product recalls, withdrawals or other market action, fines, seizures, injunctions, and other administrative, civil, and criminal enforcement actions. Noncompliance, enforcement actions or adverse decisions by regulators, or the inability to obtain, maintain, or renew permits, licenses, or other regulatory approvals needed for the operation of our businesses might have a materially adverse impact on our reputation, our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. Privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, and AI laws and guidance increase our compliance burden and expose us to risks. As described in “Government Regulation” in Item 1 of Part I above, we are subject to a variety of privacy, cybersecurity, and data protection laws that change frequently and have requirements that vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, as well as to rapidly developing and potentially divergent AI laws and guidance. Some of our contractual obligations might be breached if we fail to comply with privacy and data security laws. The use of AI solutions by our employees or third parties on which we rely could also lead to the misuse of data or public disclosure of confidential information (including personal data or proprietary information) in contravention of our internal policies and safeguards, applicable laws, contractual requirements, or third-party intellectual property rights. Our efforts to comply with privacy, data security, and AI laws and guidance complicate our operations and add to our costs. Any failure or perceived failure by us or any third-party providers to comply with these laws and guidance could subject us to regulatory enforcement activity, fines, investigations, legal proceedings (including private litigation such as class actions), liability, reputational impacts, and costs. Any of the foregoing risks might have a materially adverse impact on our reputation, our business operations, and our financial position or results of operations. 16 Table of Contents Item 1A Index McKESSON CORPORATION Anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws increase our compliance burden and expose us to risks. We are subject to laws prohibiting improper payments and bribery, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar regulations in other jurisdictions. Our failure to comply with these laws might subject us to civil and criminal penalties that might have a materially adverse impact on our reputation, our business operations, and our financial position or results of operations. Company and Operational Risks We might record significant charges from impairment to goodwill, intangibles, and other long-lived assets. We are required under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”) to test our goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. Indicators that are considered include significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant changes in the use of the assets, significant negative industry or economic trends, or a significant decline in the Company’s stock price and/or market capitalization for a sustained period of time. In addition, we periodically review our intangible and other long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our intangible and other long-lived assets may not be recoverable include slower growth rates, the loss of a significant customer, burdensome new laws or other adverse legal developments, or divestiture of a business or asset for less than its carrying value. There are inherent uncertainties in management’s estimates, judgments, and assumptions used in assessing recoverability of goodwill, intangibles, and other long-lived assets. Any material changes in key assumptions, including failure to meet business plans, negative changes in government reimbursement rates, a deterioration in the U.S. and global financial markets, an increase in interest rates, an increase in inflation, or an increase in the cost of equity financing by market participants within the industry, or other unanticipated events and circumstances, may decrease the projected cash flows or increase the discount rates and could potentially result in an impairment charge. We have in the past recorded, and may be required to record, a significant charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or intangible and other long-lived assets is determined, which might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. See Financial Note 10, “Goodwill and Intangible Assets,” for descriptions of impairments of goodwill or intangible or other long-lived assets in recent periods. 17 Table of Contents Item 1A Index McKESSON CORPORATION We experience cybersecurity incidents that might significantly compromise our technology systems or might result in material data breaches. We, our external service providers, vendors, and other third parties with which we do business, use technology and systems to perform our business operations, such as the secure electronic transmission, processing, storage, and hosting of sensitive information, including protected health information and other types of personal information, confidential financial information, proprietary information, and other sensitive information relating to our customers, company, and workforce. Despite our physical, technical, and administrative security measures as well as third party risk management processes as discussed in “Cybersecurity” in Item 1C of Part I below, technology systems and operations of the Company and third parties, including our external service providers and vendors, with which we do business, have experienced cybersecurity incidents and are subject to future cyberattacks and cybersecurity incidents. Companies in the healthcare industry are increasingly targeted for cyberattacks. Cybersecurity incidents include unauthorized occurrences on or conducted through our or our third parties’ information systems, such as tampering, malware insertion, ransomware attacks, or other system integrity events. The risk and efficacy of cyberattacks increases from time to time due to a variety of internal and external factors, including, but not limited to, the use by threat actors of sophisticated and rapidly evolving techniques, such as adversarial AI (which makes cyberattacks more likely and may make them more difficult to detect, contain, or mitigate), and the existence of political or military unrest. Our own adoption and use of AI also may create new attack surfaces or methods and generally increase cybersecurity and data protection risks and costs. A cybersecurity incident might involve a material data breach or other material impact to the confidentiality, integrity, availability, or operations of our technology systems or data (including the misuse, loss, disclosure, or corruption of proprietary or personal information), which might result in harm to patients, consumers, or employees; litigation or regulatory action; disruption of our business operations; loss of customers or revenue; cash flow impacts; and increased expense. Additionally, it may take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of incidents, particularly for sophisticated attacks. These factors may inhibit our ability to provide prompt, full, and reliable information about the incident to our customers, regulators, and the public. Any cybersecurity incident might have a materially adverse impact on our business, our operations, our reputation, and our financial position or results of operations. We experience significant problems with information systems or networks. We rely on sophisticated information systems and networks to perform our business operations, such as to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data that facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from distribution centers. We provide remote services that involve hosting customer data and operating software on our own or third-party systems. Our customers rely on their ability to access and use these systems, and their data, as needed, and our ability to compete effectively is increasingly dependent on access to, and interpretation of, data. Data quality impacts customer ordering, order fulfillment and higher order processing. If we fail to effectively implement and maintain data governance structures across our businesses, to effectively interpret and utilize such data, or protect the integrity of such data, including systems powered by or incorporating AI and machine learning, our operations could be impacted, and we may be at a competitive disadvantage. Our networks and hosting systems are also vulnerable to interruption or damage from sources beyond our control. When those information systems or networks are disrupted, or if the timely delivery of medical care or other customer business requirements are impaired, we experience injury to patients or consumers, litigation or regulatory action, disruption of our business operations, loss of customers or revenue, cash flow impacts, and increased expense. In addition, hardware, software, and other applications and updates procured from third parties may contain defects that have, or may in the future, unexpectedly restrict access to or interfere with the proper operations of our information systems and hardware. Any such problems might have a materially adverse impact on our business, our reputation, and our financial position or results of operations. Our technology products or services might not conform to specifications or perform as we intend. We sell and provide services involving complex software and technology that may contain errors, especially when first introduced to market. Healthcare professionals delivering patient care have heightened sensitivity to system and software errors due, among other reasons, to the critical nature of healthcare decisions. If our software and technology services are alleged to have contributed to faulty clinical decisions, compromised continuity of patient care, or injury to patients, we might be subject to regulatory scrutiny or claims by users of our software or services and/or their patients. Errors or failures might damage our reputation and negatively affect future sales. A failure of a system or software to conform to specifications might constitute a breach of warranty that could result in repair costs, contract termination, refunds, or claims for damages. The adoption and use of new technologies, including AI, may introduce new or enhanced risks, such as data inaccuracy, unreliability, or bias, as well as ethical or privacy concerns. Any of these types of errors, failures, or risks might have a materially adverse impact on our reputation, our business operations, and our financial position or results of operations. 18 Table of Contents Item 1A Index McKESSON CORPORATION The adoption and use of AI in our business operations exposes us to risks and uncertainties . We increasingly rely on technologies powered by or incorporating AI in our internal operations and business processes. The use of AI technologies introduces risks and uncertainties. AI can generate outputs that are false, misleading, incomplete, biased, or inconsistent. AI performance may degrade over time, or earlier than we planned, due to changes in inputs, data drift, updates by vendors, adversarial manipulations, and other causes. Our investments in AI may not yield anticipated benefits, and we might expend significant resources to maintain responsible and effective AI capabilities. Reliance on third-party AI tools and solutions may expose us to risks that are outside of our control, including compliance gaps. Our AI policies and safeguards may not be sufficient to protect us against negative outcomes, such as the misuse or loss of data or the compromise of our intellectual property. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely impact our reputation, our business operations, and our financial position or results of operations. Pharmaceutical and medical products that we distribute might not conform to specifications or perform as intended. We distribute pharmaceutical, medical, and other FDA-regulated products manufactured by third parties and by our private label businesses, including medications that may be temperature sensitive or have limited shelf lives. Our systems and procedures are designed to maintain the safety and efficacy of the products throughout the sourcing and distribution process. Issues affecting product safety or efficacy can arise from manufacturing, storing, distributing, dispensing, or using products, and can result in adverse consequences such as safety alerts, seizures, bans, recalls, withdrawals or other market action, suspensions, and other regulatory actions and sanctions, civil lawsuits, increased costs, disruptions, delays, and reputational damage. Any of these types of issues or results might have a materially adverse impact on our reputation, our business operations, and our financial position or results of operations. We might not realize expected benefits from business process initiatives. From time to time, we implement restructuring, cost reduction, or other business process initiatives that result in significant charges and expenses. These initiatives might fail to achieve our desired objectives or have unintended consequences such as distraction of our management and employees, business disruption, attrition beyond any planned reduction in workforce, inability to attract or retain key personnel and reduced employee productivity. Any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. We might be unable to successfully complete or integrate acquisitions or other strategic transactions, and our investments in businesses may not perform as we expect. Our growth strategy includes consummating acquisitions, investments, or other strategic transactions that either expand or complement our business. To fund these strategic transactions, we may require financing that may not be available on acceptable terms. We may not receive governmental approvals needed to complete proposed transactions, or such approvals may be subject to delays or conditions that reduce transaction benefits. Achieving the desired outcomes of these strategic transactions involves significant risks including: diverting management’s attention from other business operations or priorities; challenges with assimilating the acquired businesses, such as integration of operations, systems, and technologies; failure or delay in realizing operating synergies; difficulty retaining key acquired company personnel; unanticipated accounting or financial systems issues with the acquired business, which might affect our internal controls over financial reporting; disputes with the sellers of acquired businesses; unanticipated compliance issues in the acquired business; unknown or unanticipated cybersecurity issues, as well as heightened vulnerabilities during integration; challenges retaining customers of the acquired business; unanticipated expenses or charges to earnings, including depreciation and amortization or potential impairment charges; risks of known and unknown assumed liabilities in the acquired business; failure of an acquired business or investment to perform as projected in the near or long term; and changes in laws or their interpretation or application with respect to an acquired business or investment, such as potential restrictions on certain healthcare ownership structures or arrangements (see “Government Regulation” in Item 1 of Part I above). Certain of these factors at times have negatively affected, and any of these factors could in the future negatively affect, our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of an acquisition, investment, or other strategic transaction. Any of the foregoing risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. 19 Table of Contents Item 1A Index McKESSON CORPORATION From time to time we are adversely impacted by delays or other difficulties with divestitures. When we decide to sell or otherwise divest assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or exit strategies on acceptable terms or in a timely manner, which could delay the achievement of our strategic objectives. After the disposition, we might experience greater dissynergies than expected, and the impact of the divestiture on our revenue or profit might be larger than we expected. We might have difficulties with pre-closing conditions such as governmental approvals, which could delay or prevent the divestiture. We might have financial exposure in a divested business, such as through minority equity ownership, financial or performance guarantees, indemnities, or other obligations, such that conditions outside of our control might negate the expected benefits of the disposition. Any of these risks could adversely affect our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of a divestiture and might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. Our planned separation of Medical-Surgical Solutions is contingent upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, may not be completed on the currently contemplated terms or timeline, or at all, and, if completed, may not achieve the intended financial and strategic benefits. The Company intends to separate the Medical-Surgical Solutions segment into an independent company (“NewCo”). The separation is expected to be effected, ultimately, through a split-off or spin-off, or a combination of both (the “Exit”), intended to qualify as a tax-free transaction to the Company and its stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Completion of the planned separation will be subject to the satisfaction of various conditions, including, among others: the receipt of a favorable opinion from outside legal counsel as to the tax-free nature of the Exit; the effectiveness of a registration statement to be filed with the SEC; the receipt of other governmental approvals; the finalization of the NewCo capital structure; and the approval of our Board of Directors. The planned separation is complex in nature, and unanticipated business, market, governmental, or other developments could delay or prevent completion of the separation or cause the separation to occur on less favorable terms. We face certain risks in connection with the separation, including, among others: the diversion of management’s attention from other business operations and priorities; a determination by the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) or any court that the Exit (or any aspect thereof) is taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and challenges in maintaining transitional services and operational continuity between the Company and NewCo, in establishing or maintaining standalone functions and infrastructure at NewCo, or in retaining existing or attracting new business and operational relationships, including with customers, suppliers, and employees. There can be no assurance that the separation, if completed, will achieve the intended financial and strategic benefits (which are based on a number of assumptions, some or all of which may prove incorrect) or provide greater value to our stockholders than is currently reflected in our stock price, or that the dissynergies from the separation will not be greater than expected. Any of these factors could negatively affect our stock price or have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and on our financial condition or results of operations. We might not realize the expected tax treatment from our split-off of Change Healthcare. On March 10, 2020, the Company completed a separation of its interest in Change Healthcare LLC (“Change Healthcare JV”). The divestiture was effected through the split-off of PF2

=== MCK_2026-02-04.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. Our Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of common stock. We may repurchase common stock from time-to-time through open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, accelerated share repurchase programs, or by combinations of such methods, any of which may use pre-arranged trading plans that are designed to meet the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act. The timing of any repurchases and the actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including our stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements, tax implications, restrictions under our debt obligations, other uses for capital, impacts on the value of remaining shares, cash generated from operations, and market and economic conditions. Refer to Financial Note 12, “Stockholders' Deficit,” to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a full discussion of the Company’s share repurchases for the nine months ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. 55 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION The following table provides information on the Company’s share repurchases during the three months ended December 31, 2025: Share Repurchases (1) (In millions, except price per share) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share (2) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Programs (2) October 1, 2025 – October 31, 2025 $ 0.1 $ 739.03 0.1 $ 6,050 November 1, 2025 – November 30, 2025 0.2 858.38 0.2 5,850 December 1, 2025 – December 31, 2025 0.5 813.43 0.5 5,381 Total 0.8 0.8 (1) This table does not include the value of equity awards surrendered to satisfy tax withholding obligations or forfeitures of equity awards. (2) The average price paid per share excludes $7 million of excise taxes incurred on share repurchases for the three months ended December 31, 2025. The remaining authorization outstanding for repurchases of common stock excludes excise taxes incurred on share repurchases through December 31, 2025. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information. Pre-arranged Trading Plans On December 4, 2025 , Britt J. Vitalone , our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement for the sale of up to 9,871 shares of the Company’s common stock. The duration of the trading arrangement is until December 7, 2026 , or earlier if all transactions under the trading arrangement are completed or if the trading arrangement is otherwise terminated according to its terms. The trading arrangement was entered into during an open trading window period and Mr. Vitalone represented to us that he intended for it to satisfy the requirements for the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act. The number of shares subject to the arrangement includes shares that may be withheld by the Company to satisfy income tax withholding and remittance obligations in connection with the net settlement of equity awards. On December 15, 2025 , Brian S. Tyler , our Chief Executive Officer, adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement for the sale of up to 48,657 shares of the Company’s common stock. The duration of the trading arrangement is until June 30, 2027 , or earlier if all transactions under the trading arrangement are completed or if the trading arrangement is otherwise terminated according to its terms. The trading arrangement was entered into during an open trading window period and Mr. Tyler represented to us that he intended for it to satisfy the requirements for the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act. The number of shares subject to the arrangement includes shares that may be withheld by the Company to satisfy income tax withholding and remittance obligations in connection with the net settlement of equity awards. 56 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Item 6. Exhibits. Exhibits identified under “Incorporated by Reference” in the table below are on file with the SEC and are incorporated by reference as exhibits hereto. Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 31.1† Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. __ __ __ __ 31.2† Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. __ __ __ __ 32†† Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. __ __ __ __ 101† The following materials from the McKesson Corporation Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2025, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) related Financial Notes. __ __ __ __ 104† Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). __ __ __ __ * Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement in which directors and/or executive officers are eligible to participate. † Filed herewith. †† Furnished herewith. 57 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. M C K ESSON C ORPORATION Date: February 4, 2026 /s/ Britt J. Vitalone Britt J. Vitalone Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer M C K ESSON C ORPORATION Date: February 4, 2026 /s/ Napoleon B. Rutledge Jr. Napoleon B. Rutledge Jr. Senior Vice President and Controller 58 