=== VEEV_2026-03-20.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below and in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, together with all of the other information in this report, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before investing in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. Summary of Risk Factors The below is a summary of principal risks to our business and risks associated with ownership of our stock. It is only a summary. You should read the more detailed discussion of risks set forth below and elsewhere in this report for a more complete discussion of the risks listed below and other risks. If our security measures are breached or unauthorized access to customer data is otherwise obtained, our solutions may be perceived as not being secure, customers may reduce or stop the use of our solutions, and we may incur significant liabilities. We face intense competition in markets in which we operate particularly in the CRM market as we transition customers from our legacy CRM application to our Vault CRM application and if we do not compete effectively, we may lose customers and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Defects or disruptions in our solutions could result in diminished demand for our solutions and a reduction in our revenues, and subject us to substantial liability. If our newer solutions are not successfully adopted by new and existing customers, the growth rate of our revenues and operating results will be adversely affected. Our revenues are relatively concentrated within a small number of key customers, and the loss of one or more of such key customers could cause our revenues to decline. Nearly all of our revenues are generated by sales to customers in the life sciences industry, and factors that adversely affect this industry (including government funding and staffing of relevant agencies and research, drug pricing regulation, healthcare funding and eligibility reforms, regulation of pharmaceutical advertising, or other regulatory or policy changes) could also adversely affect us. Uncertain macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, including as a result of changes in trade policies and practices (including the imposition of additional tariffs or threats to impose additional tariffs), worldwide inflationary pressures, currency exchange fluctuations, changes in interest rates or other economic policies, geopolitical conflicts (like the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East), and concerns about a possible domestic or global recession, may cause instability in the global economy, and disruptions within the life sciences industry that may negatively impact our business, our financial results, and our stock price. The migration of our customers to our Vault CRM applications built on our own Veeva Vault platform could cause business disruptions for customers and adversely affect our operating results. Over the longer term our revenue growth rates are likely to fluctuate from year to year and may decline, and, as our costs increase, we may not be able to sustain the same level of profitability we have achieved in the past. We rely on third-party providers for computing infrastructure, secure network connectivity, and other technology-related services needed to deliver our cloud solutions, and any slowdown, failure, or disruption in the services provided by them could adversely affect our business and subject us to liability. Difficulty attracting and retaining highly skilled employees could adversely affect our business and efforts to attract and retain such employees may increase our expenses. Changing laws, regulations, and enforcement priorities, including increasingly complex U.S. and international data privacy and information security regulations and measures specific to the life sciences Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 13 Table of Contents industry, may impose additional costs for compliance, reduce demand for our solutions, and subject us to significant liabilities. We have been and may in the future be sued for infringement or misappropriation of third-party intellectual property. We may suffer damages, which could be significant, or other harm from these lawsuits. We may acquire other companies or technologies, which could divert our management s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders, and otherwise disrupt our operations and adversely affect our operating results. Risks Related to Our Business If our security measures are breached or compromised or unauthorized access to customer data is otherwise obtained, our solutions may be perceived as not being secure, customers may reduce or stop their use of our solutions, and we may incur significant liabilities. Our solutions involve the storage, transmission, and other processing of our customers proprietary information (including personal or identifying information regarding their employees and the medical professionals whom their sales personnel contact, and sensitive proprietary data related to the clinical trial, regulatory submission, and sales and marketing processes for medical treatments), personal information of medical professionals, personal information (which may include personal health information) of patients and clinical trial participants, and other sensitive information. For example, Veeva Crossix and Veeva Compass process third-party health and non-health data for U.S. patients. Additionally, we maintain and process other confidential, proprietary, and sensitive business information, including personal information relating to our employees and contractors and confidential information relating to our solutions and business. Unauthorized access or other security breaches or incidents, as a result of third-party action (e.g., cyberattacks, or the introduction into our networks or systems of ransomware or other malware), employee or contractor error or malfeasance, product defect, or otherwise, have resulted in and could in the future result in the loss of information or intellectual property, inappropriate access to or use, disclosure, unavailability, modification, destruction, or other processing of information, service interruption, degradation, disruption, and outages, service level credits, claims, demands, litigation, regulatory investigations and other proceedings, indemnity obligations, damage to our reputation, and other liability. It is possible that our risk of cyberattacks and other sources of security breaches and incidents may be elevated as a result of Russia s invasion of Ukraine, the conflict in the Middle East, or other geopolitical tensions or conflicts, due to an increase in cyberattack attempts on us, our customers, our partners, or our technology infrastructure providers. While we maintain and continue to improve our security measures, we may be unable to adequately anticipate security threats or to implement adequate preventative measures, in part, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and are becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target. For instance, as AI technologies, including generative AI models, develop rapidly, threat actors are using these technologies to create sophisticated new attack methods that are increasingly automated, targeted, coordinated, and difficult to defend against. Moreover, our efforts to detect, prevent, and remediate known or unknown security vulnerabilities, including those arising from third-party hardware or software in our supply chain, may be insufficient to prevent security breaches or incidents resulting from such vulnerabilities, and may result in additional direct or indirect costs and liabilities and time of management and technical personnel. We may be required to expend significant capital and financial resources to protect against the foregoing threats and to alleviate problems caused by actual or perceived security breaches or incidents. Additionally, we and our service providers may face difficulties or delays in identifying, remediating, and otherwise responding to any cybersecurity attack or other security breach or incident. Any or all of these circumstances or issues, or the perception that any of them have occurred or are present (including any actual or perceived cyberattacks or other security breaches or incidents), could adversely affect our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to elect not to renew their subscriptions, result in reputational damage and harm to our market position, or subject us to third-party claims, demands, and lawsuits, regulatory investigations, proceedings, fines, and penalties, mandatory notifications and disclosures, or other action or liability, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Our insurance may not be adequate to cover losses associated with such events, and such insurance may not cover all of the types of costs, expenses, and losses we could incur to respond to and remediate a security breach or incident. Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 14 Table of Contents We face intense competition in markets in which we operate and if we do not compete effectively, we may lose customers and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. The markets for our solutions are highly competitive. In new sales cycles within our largest product categories, we generally compete with other cloud-based solutions from providers that make applications geared toward the life sciences industry. Our CRM solutions primarily compete with Salesforce, Inc., which has developed a life sciences industry-specific CRM application. IQVIA, which historically offered a competitive CRM solution, has licensed its CRM software to Salesforce. Our Veeva Data Cloud products as well as Veeva Crossix, compete with IQVIA, Ipsos Group S.A., Definitive Health Corp., and smaller data and data analytics providers. IQVIA, Dassault Syst mes, OpenText Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Honeywell International Inc., and other smaller application providers offer applications that compete with certain of our Veeva Development Cloud or Veeva Quality Cloud applications. Our Veeva Commercial Cloud, Veeva Development Cloud, and Veeva Quality Cloud applications also compete to replace client server-based legacy solutions offered by companies such as Oracle, Microsoft Corporation, and other smaller application providers. Our customers may also choose to use cloud-based applications or platforms that are not life sciences specific such as Salesforce, Box.com, Amazon Web Services, or Microsoft for certain of the functions our applications provide. Our business consulting and professional services offerings compete with a range of professional services firms, which include, at times, some of our partners. With the introduction of new technologies, we expect competition to intensify in the future, and we may face competition from new market entrants as well. As we transition from our legacy Veeva CRM application to our Vault CRM application, as discussed in more detail below, certain customers have chosen, and other customers may in the future choose, to purchase CRM solutions from a competitor. For example, Salesforce, our primary CRM competitor, has announced that certain large Veeva CRM customers have committed to purchasing its CRM solutions and a number of our customers have informed us of their intent to move to Salesforce as their CRM provider. Some of our actual and potential competitors have advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources, stronger brand and business recognition, larger intellectual property portfolios, and agreements with a broader set of system integrators and other partners. In addition, our competitors have offered price concessions, delayed payment terms, or other more favorable terms and conditions in light of the recent macroeconomic environment. If our actual or potential competitors products, services, or technologies become more accepted than our solutions, if they are successful in bringing their products or services to market earlier than we are, if their products or services are more technologically capable than ours (including as a result of new or better use of evolving AI technologies), or if customers replace our solutions with custom-built software, then our revenues could be adversely affected. Moreover, if we enter new markets, we will likely face competition and will need to adapt to competitive factors that may be different from those we face today. Pricing pressures and increased competition could result in reduced sales, reduced margins, losses, or a failure to maintain or improve our competitive market position, any of which could adversely affect our business. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete favorably against our current and future competitors. Defects or disruptions in our solutions could result in diminished demand for our solutions, a reduction in our revenues, and subject us to substantial liability. We have from time to time found defects in our solutions, and new defects may be detected in the future. In addition, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, service disruptions, degradations, outages, and other performance problems, including from routine maintenance. These types of problems may be caused by a variety of factors, including human or software errors, viruses, cyberattacks, fraud, spikes in customer usage, problems associated with our third-party computing infrastructure and network providers, infrastructure changes, and denial of service issues. Service disruptions may result from errors we make in delivering, configuring, or hosting our solutions, or designing, installing, expanding, or maintaining our computing infrastructure. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. It is also possible that such problems could result in losses of customer data. Since our customers use our solutions for important aspects of their businesses, any errors, defects, disruptions, service degradations, or other performance problems with our solutions, could hurt our reputation and may damage our customers businesses. Such issues have in the past, and may in the future, result in increased operational costs, delays in delivering new products, our customers delaying or withholding payment to us, cancelling their agreements with us, electing not to renew, or making service credit claims, warranty claims, or other claims against us, and loss of future sales. The occurrence of any of these events could result in diminishing demand for our Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 15 Table of Contents solutions, a reduction of our revenues, an increase in our bad debt expense or in collection cycles for accounts receivable, or could require us to incur the expense of litigation or substantial liability. If our newer solutions are not successfully adopted by new and existing customers, the growth rate of our revenues and operating results will be adversely affected. Our continued growth and profitability will depend on our ability to successfully develop and sell new solutions. It is uncertain whether these newer solutions will continue to grow as a percentage of revenues at a pace significant enough to support our expected overall growth. For example, as discussed in more detail below, we have begun to migrate our Veeva CRM customers to Vault CRM. We cannot be certain that we will be successful with respect to newer solutions, including AI technologies, and markets. It may take us significant time, and we may incur significant expense, to effectively market and sell these solutions, develop other new solutions, or make enhancements to our existing solutions. If our newer solutions do not continue to gain traction in the market, or other solutions that we may develop and introduce in the future do not achieve market acceptance in a timely manner, the growth rate of our revenues and operating results will be adversely affected. Our revenues are relatively concentrated within a small number of key customers, and the loss of one or more of such key customers, or their failure to renew or expand user subscriptions, could slow the growth rate of our revenues or cause our revenues to decline. In each of our fiscal years ended January 31, 2026, 2025, and 2024, our top 10 customers accounted for 28% of our total revenues. We rely on our reputation and recommendations from key customers in order to promote our solutions to potential customers, which we call reference selling. The loss of any of our key customers, or a failure of one or more of them to renew or expand user subscriptions for some or all our products, could have a significant impact on the growth rate of our revenues, our reputation, and our ability to obtain new customers. In the event of an acquisition of one of our customers or a business combination between two of our customers, we have in the past and may in the future suffer reductions in user subscriptions or nonrenewal of certain or all of their subscription orders. We are also likely to face increasing purchasing scrutiny at the renewal of large customer subscription orders, which may result in reductions in user subscriptions or increased pricing pressure. The business impact of any of these negative events could be particularly pronounced with respect to our largest customers. Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable investment of resources. If our sales cycle lengthens or we invest substantial resources pursuing unsuccessful sales opportunities, our operating results and growth would be harmed. Our sales process entails planning discussions with prospective customers, analyzing their existing solutions, and identifying how these potential customers could use and benefit from our solutions. The sales cycle for a new customer, from the time of prospect qualification to the completion of the first sale, may span 12 months or longer. Sales cycles for our newer applications or in newer markets or industries are also lengthy and difficult to predict. We spend substantial time, effort, and expense in our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will result in the sale of our solutions. In addition, our sales cycle can vary substantially from customer to customer because of various factors, including the discretionary nature of potential customers purchasing and budget decisions, the macroeconomic and regulatory environments, the availability of funding in the life sciences industry, the announcement or planned introduction of new solutions by us or our competitors, and the purchasing approval processes of potential customers. For example, we have experienced increased scrutiny for certain potential projects, particularly for our professional services offerings, which may continue for the foreseeable future. If our sales cycle lengthens or we invest substantial resources pursuing unsuccessful sales opportunities, our operating results and growth would be harmed. Sales to customers outside the United States or with international operations expose us to risks inherent in international sales. In our fiscal year ended January 31, 2026, customers outside North America accounted for approximately 40% of our total revenues. A key element of our growth strategy is to further expand our international operations and worldwide customer base. Operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and subjects us to regulatory, economic, and political risks that are different from those in the United States. We have limited operating experience in some international markets, and we cannot assure you that our expansion efforts into additional international markets will be successful. Our experience in the United States and other international markets in which we already have a presence may not be relevant to our ability to expand in Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 16 Table of Contents other markets. Our efforts may not be successful in creating further demand for our solutions outside of the United States or in effectively selling our solutions in the international markets we enter. The risks we face in doing business internationally that have in the past adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, our business include: the need and expense to localize and adapt our solutions for specific countries, including translation into foreign languages, and ensuring that our solutions enable our customers to comply with local laws and regulations; data privacy and data sovereignty laws which require that customer data be stored and processed in a designated territory; difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; different pricing environments, longer sales cycles and longer accounts receivable payment cycles, and collections issues; new and different sources of competition; weaker protection for intellectual property and other legal rights than in the United States and practical difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and other rights outside of the United States; laws and business practices favoring local competitors; compliance challenges related to the complexity of multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including those related to employment, tax, privacy and data protection, anti-bribery, and environmental, social and governance matters; increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; difficulties in repatriating funds without adverse tax consequences or restrictions on the transfer of funds more generally, including as a result of sanctions, including those arising from the Russian invasion of Ukraine, which may limit our ability to receive payment from Russian banks; adverse tax consequences, including the potential for required withholding taxes; fluctuations in the exchange rates of foreign currency in which our foreign revenues or expenses may be denominated; changes in diplomatic relations and trade policy, including the status of relations between the United States and other countries, including China and Russia, and the implementation or threatened implementation of tariffs, export controls, trade sanctions, and embargoes, including if the United States and other countries were to impose more significant general sanctions against Russia in response to the continuing conflict in Ukraine, which could ban the use of our products by companies or users in Russia; public health crises, such as epidemics and pandemics; and unstable regional and economic political conditions or armed conflicts in the markets in which we operate, including as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East. We have an office, vendors, and customers in Israel and many of our customers in other regions also have operations in Israel. Armed conflicts, terrorist activities or political instability involving Israel or other countries in the region may cause business disruptions and adversely impact our results of operations. We do not currently have locations or employees in Russia and our revenues from sales to Russian entities is limited. However, certain customers have reduced their number of users of our products in Ukraine. Additionally, the European Union adopted sanctions against Russia prohibiting the sale and supply of enterprise software to entities and individuals in Russia. If customers further curtail or discontinue their operations in Ukraine or Russia, or if we are not able to supply or service users in Russia due to existing or new sanctions, we may lose sales and our results of operations could be negatively impacted. Some of our business partners also have international operations and are subject to the risks described above. Even if we are able to successfully manage the risks of international operations, our business may be adversely Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 17 Table of Contents affected if our business partners are not able to successfully manage these risks, which could adversely affect our business. The migration of our CRM customers to our Vault CRM applications built on our own Veeva Vault platform could cause business disruptions for customers and adversely affect our operating results. We use the Salesforce platform to deliver our Veeva CRM application, but we have begun to migrate our CRM customers to our Vault CRM solutions, which are built on our Veeva Vault platform. Veeva CRM will be supported until December 31, 2029. The migration of our Veeva CRM customers will require time and expense, which may be significant. These migration processes are complex and we cannot be certain that we will be successful. Additionally, the migration may lead to outages or performance problems with Vault CRM or other Vault applications if we encounter difficulties supporting the increased volume of users migrating from Veeva CRM. Any disruptions in our services or other migration-related problems, whether or not such incidents are our fault, could subject us to liability or harm our reputation. If we are unsuccessful migrating our Veeva CRM customers to Vault CRM, or encounter disruptions, delays, or other problems in the migration process, our business, operating results, and brand could be materially and adversely affected. Difficulty attracting and retaining highly skilled employees could adversely affect our business and efforts to attract and retain such employees may increase our expenses. To execute our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly skilled employees. Competition for such employees and potential employees is intense. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with the appropriate level of qualifications, and we also have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, intense recruitment of our employees by competitors and other technology companies. Further, it takes time for newly hired employees to become productive. With respect to sales professionals, for instance, even if we are successful in attracting highly qualified personnel, it may take six to nine months or longer before they are fully trained and productive. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced employees have greater resources than we have and may offer compensation packages and benefits that are perceived to be better than ours. For example, we offer equity awards to a substantial majority of our job candidates and existing employees as part of their overall compensation package. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, including as a result of prolonged declines in the market price of our common stock or changes in perception about our future prospects, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled employees. Additionally, changes in our compensation structure may be negatively received by employees and result in attrition or cause difficulty in the recruiting process. If we fail to attract new employees or fail to retain and motivate our current employees, our business and future growth prospects could be adversely affected. Additionally, we have adopted a Work Anywhere policy, which generally gives employees the flexibility to work in an office or at home on any given day, with certain job-specific restrictions. While we believe this program is beneficial to our business, over the long term we may find it challenging or more costly to maintain employee productivity and collaboration as we continue to grow our business. If we fail to maintain employee productivity and collaboration, our ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees and to achieve our business objectives could be negatively affected. Catastrophic events could disrupt our business and adversely affect our operating results. Our corporate headquarters are located in Pleasanton, California and our primary third-party hosted computing infrastructure is located in the United States, the European Union, Japan, and South Korea. The west coast of the United States, Japan, and South Korea each contain active earthquake zones. Additionally, we rely on our network and third-party infrastructure and enterprise applications, internal technology systems, and our website, for our development, marketing, operational support, hosted services, and sales activities. In the event of a major earthquake, hurricane, or other natural disaster, or catastrophic event such as an actual or threatened public health emergency (e.g., a global pandemic), fire, extreme weather event, power loss, telecommunications failure, cyberattack, armed conflicts (including the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East), or terrorist attack, we may be unable to continue our operations at full capacity or at all and may experience system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our solution development, lengthy interruptions in our services, breaches Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 18 Table of Contents of data security, loss of key employees, and loss of critical data, all of which could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. Acquisitions could divert our management s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders, and otherwise disrupt our operations. We have in the past acquired and may in the future seek to acquire or invest in businesses, solutions, or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our solutions, enhance our technical capabilities or otherwise offer growth opportunities. The pursuit of potential acquisitions may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating, and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are completed. We have limited experience in acquiring other businesses. We may not be able to successfully integrate the acquired personnel, operations, and technologies, or effectively manage the combined business following the acquisition. We also may not achieve the anticipated benefits from the acquired business due to a number of factors, including: inability to integrate or benefit from acquired technologies or services in a profitable manner; costs, liabilities, or accounting charges associated with the acquisition; difficulty entering into new markets in which we have little or no experience or where competitors have stronger market positions; difficulty integrating the privacy, data security, and accounting systems, operations, and personnel of the acquired business; difficulties and additional expenses associated with supporting legacy products and hosting infrastructure of the acquired business; difficulty converting the customers of the acquired business onto our solutions and contract terms, including due to disparities in the revenue, licensing, support, or professional services model of the acquired company; diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; problems arising from differences in applicable accounting standards or practices of the acquired business (for instance, non-U.S. businesses may not be accustomed to preparing their financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP) or difficulty identifying and correcting deficiencies in the internal controls over financial reporting of the acquired business; adverse effects to business relationships with our existing business partners and customers as a result of the acquisition; difficulty in retaining key personnel of the acquired business; use of substantial portions of our available cash to consummate the acquisition; use of resources that are needed in other parts of our business; significant changes beyond our control to the worldwide economic environment that could negatively impact our underlying assumptions and expectations for performance of the acquired business; and the possibility of investigation by, or the failure to obtain required approvals from, governmental authorities on a timely basis, if at all, under various regulatory schemes, including competition laws, which could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, subject the transaction to divestiture after the fact, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic goals of the acquisition. Acquisitions could also use substantial portions of our available cash and result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our operating results. In the event we require financing to complete an acquisition, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. In addition, if an acquired business fails to meet our expectations, our operating results, business, and financial position may suffer. Moreover, a significant portion of the purchase price of companies we acquire may be allocated to acquired intangible assets and goodwill, which we must assess for impairment at least annually. In the future, if our Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 19 Table of Contents acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we may be required to take charges to our operating results based on this impairment assessment process, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Acquisitions may also result in purchase accounting adjustments, write-offs or restructuring charges, which may negatively affect our results. Changes in our senior management team or other key personnel could have a negative effect on our ability to execute our business strategy. Our success depends in a large part upon the continued service of our senior management team and other key personnel. For example, our founder and Chief Executive Officer, Peter P. Gassner, is critical to our vision, strategic direction, culture, products, and technology. Leadership transitions can be inherently difficult to manage, and an unsuccessful transition may cause disruption to our business. If our succession planning for key personnel is inadequate, the loss of one or more of our key employees could harm our business. In addition, changes in our senior management team may create uncertainty among our customers, investors, employees, or job candidates concerning Veeva s future direction and performance. Any disruption in our operations or uncertainty around our ability to execute could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our business could be adversely affected if our customers are not satisfied with the professional or technical support services provided by us or our partners. Our business depends on our ability to satisfy our customers, both with respect to our solutions and the professional services that are performed in connection with the implementation of our solutions, including training our customers employees on our solutions. Professional services may be performed by us, by a third party, or by a combination of the two. If a customer is not satisfied with the quality of work performed by us or a third party or with the solutions delivered, we could incur additional costs to address the situation, we may be required to issue credits or refunds for pre-paid amounts related to unused services, the profitability of that work might be impaired, and the customer s dissatisfaction with our services could damage our ability to expand the number of solutions subscribed to by that customer. Customers may have requirements, including certain data access restrictions, that our support organizations need to meet. Negative publicity related to our customer relationships or satisfaction with our services, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new business with current and prospective customers. Once our solutions are deployed, our customers depend on our support organization to resolve technical issues relating to our solutions. We may be unable to sufficiently accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for technical support services to our customers satisfaction. Increased customer demand for our technical support services, without corresponding revenues, could increase costs and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on the reputation of our solutions and business and on positive recommendations from our existing customers. Any failure to maintain high-quality technical support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support, could adversely affect our reputation, our ability to sell our solutions to existing and prospective customers, and our business and operating results. Our estimate of the market size for our solutions we have provided publicly may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market size is accurate, we cannot assure you that our business will serve a significant portion of the market. Our estimate of the market size for our solutions that we have provided publicly, sometimes referred to as total addressable market ( TAM ), is subject to significant uncertainty and is based on assumptions and estimates, including our internal analysis and industry experience, which may not prove to be accurate. These estimates are, in part, based upon the size of the general application areas we target. Our ability to serve a significant portion of this estimated market is subject to many factors, including our success in implementing our business strategy, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties. For example, in order to address the entire TAM we have identified, we must continue to enhance and add functionality to our existing solutions and introduce new solutions. Accordingly, even if our estimate of the market size is accurate, we cannot assure you that our business will serve a significant portion of this estimated market for our solutions. Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 20 Table of Contents Risks Related to the Principal Industry We Serve Nearly all of our revenues are generated by sales to customers in the life sciences industry, and factors that adversely affect this industry, including mergers within the life sciences industry or regulatory changes, could also adversely affect us. Nearly all of our sales are to customers in the life sciences industry. Demand for our solutions could be affected by factors that affect the life sciences industry, including: Regulatory changes, government policies, and government funding decisions related to the life sciences industry Changes in regulations could negatively impact the business environment for our life sciences customers and for us. Healthcare laws and regulations are rapidly evolving and may change significantly in the future. For example, regulatory changes with respect to life sciences advertising, such as limitations on or the elimination of the ability of pharmaceutical companies to engage in direct-to-consumer advertising, could negatively impact certain of our product offerings, including our Crossix business. Further, in recent years, there have been legislative and regulatory changes regarding the pricing of drugs and other healthcare treatments sold by life sciences companies, such as the drug pricing reforms in the Inflation Reduction Act, which went into effect in August 2022, drug pricing reforms proposed by the current administration, which would impose certain limits on drug prices in the U.S. relative to the prices paid in other countries, and drug price negotiations with the current administration and certain drug manufacturers. Other drug pricing reforms have been discussed and may be proposed in the future. Significant changes in drug pricing policy or regulation could result in lower revenues and profits for life sciences companies and reduced demand for our products. In addition, reductions in funding and staffing of government agencies and changes in the funding and eligibility for healthcare programs relevant to the life sciences industry such as the Food and Drug Administration, the National Institutes of Health, and Medicaid or changes in funding priorities relevant to the life sciences industry could adversely affect the life sciences industry. Consolidation of companies within the life sciences industry Consolidation within the life sciences industry has accelerated in recent years, and this trend could continue. We have in the past, and may in the future, suffer reductions in user subscriptions or non-renewal of customer subscription orders due to industry consolidation. We may not be able to expand sales of our solutions and services to new customers enough to counteract any negative impact of company consolidation on our business. In addition, new companies that result from such consolidation may decide that our solutions are no longer needed because of their own internal processes or alternative solutions. As these companies consolidate, competition to provide solutions and services will become more intense and establishing relationships with large industry participants will become more important. These industry participants may also try to use their market power to negotiate price reductions for our solutions. If consolidation of our larger customers occurs, the combined company may represent a larger percentage of business for us and, as a result, we are likely to rely more significantly on revenue from the combined company to continue to achieve growth. In addition, if large life sciences companies merge, it would have the potential to reduce per-unit pricing for our solutions for the merged companies or to reduce demand for one or more of our solutions as a result of potential personnel reductions over time. Changes in the funding environment and bankruptcies in the life sciences industry Our business depends on the overall economic health of our existing and prospective customers. The purchase of our solutions may involve a significant commitment of capital and other resources. A reduction in private funding or the ability to secure funding in public markets for early-stage life sciences companies has resulted in the past, and may result in the future, in reduced sales and adverse effects to our financial results. Moreover, life sciences companies, and in particular early-stage companies with pre-commercial treatments in clinical trials, may ultimately be unsuccessful and may subsequently declare bankruptcy. If our customers declare bankruptcy or otherwise dissolve, they may terminate their agreements with us or we may not be able to recoup the full payment of fees owed to us. Certain of our customers or potential customers may also be negatively impacted by high interest rates and may find access to debt and other financing more difficult as a result. Changes in market conditions and practices within the life sciences industry The expiration of key patents, the implications of precision medicine treatments, changes in the practices of prescribing physicians and patients, changes with respect to payer relationships, and the policies and preferences of healthcare professionals and healthcare organizations with respect to the sales and marketing efforts of life sciences companies could negatively impact demand for our solutions. Changes in public Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 21 Table of Contents perception regarding the practices of the life sciences industry may result in political pressure to increase the regulation of life sciences companies in one or more of the areas described above, which may negatively impact demand for our solutions. Other factors could lead to a significant reduction in sales representatives that use our solutions or otherwise change the demand for our solutions. For example, certain life sciences companies have reduced the number of sales representatives they employ due to an increased preference for digitally-enabled sales channels, which negatively impacted sales of our solutions, including Veeva CRM and certain of our other Commercial Solutions. Changes in trade policy or geopolitical conditions that impact the life sciences industry, changes in the ability to sell healthcare treatments in certain locations, and the global availability of healthcare treatments provided by the life sciences companies to which we sell Tariffs imposed on the end products of the life sciences industry or on inputs relevant to the life sciences industry could increase costs for our customers or reduce demand for their products, which could delay or reduce their IT spending. The imposition of tariffs or other trade measures could also provoke retaliatory responses from affected countries, including the imposition of digital services taxes, consumer boycotts resulting in depressed demand for products of the United States, or other measures that could negatively impact our business, operations, or financial condition. If economic or geopolitical conditions deteriorate, or the ability to market life sciences products or conduct clinical trials in key markets is disrupted, including as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine; the conflict in the Middle East; changes in export controls; sanctions, or other international laws; or if the demand for life sciences products globally deteriorates for other reasons, our customers may delay or reduce their IT spending, particularly within the regions impacted by negative economic or geopolitical conditions. For example, a number of significant life sciences companies have scaled back sales, operations, and investments in Russia, including curtailing sales and marketing and clinical trial activity in Russia. Any of the above could result in reductions in sales of our solutions, longer sales cycles, reductions in subscription duration and value, slower adoption of new product offerings, and increased price competition. Accordingly, our operating results and our ability to efficiently provide our solutions to life sciences companies and to grow or maintain our customer base could be adversely affected as a result of these factors and others that affect the life sciences industry generally. Our solutions address heavily regulated functions within the life sciences industry, and failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could lessen the demand for our solutions or subject us to significant claims and losses. Our customers use our solutions for business activities that are subject to a complex regime of global laws and regulations, including requirements for maintenance of electronic records and electronic signatures, requirements regarding drug sample tracking and distribution, requirements regarding system validations, requirements regarding processing of health data, and other laws and regulations. Our customers expect to be able to use our solutions in a manner that is compliant with the regulations to which they are subject. Our efforts to provide solutions that comply with such laws and regulations are time-consuming and costly and include validation procedures that may delay the release of new versions of our solutions. As these laws and regulations change over time, we may find it difficult to adjust our solutions to comply with such changes. In addition, many countries and self-regulatory bodies impose requirements regarding payments and transfers of value from life sciences companies to healthcare professionals. For example, our current and prospective customers may be required to comply with the U.S. federal legislation commonly referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, enacted as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, and its implementing regulations ( Sunshine Act ). The Sunshine Act requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies, with specific exceptions, to report annually to the government information related to certain payments and other transfers of value to physicians. Our solutions and services targeted at life sciences companies, including, for example, Veeva Digital Events, are used by our customers to assist with their reporting obligations under the Sunshine Act. If our solutions and services fail to assist our customers to meet such reporting obligations in a timely and accurate manner, demand for our solutions could decrease, which could adversely affect our business. As we increase the number of products we offer, increase the number of countries in which we operate, and incorporate new technologies and capabilities into our products (including the use of AI and machine learning technologies), the complexity of adjusting our solutions to comply with legal and regulatory changes will increase. If we are unable to effectively manage this increased complexity or if we are not able to provide solutions that can be Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 22 Table of Contents used in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, customers may be unwilling to use our solutions, and any such non-compliance could result in the termination of our customer agreements or claims arising from such agreements with our customers. Furthermore, we have in the past and may in the future be subject to inspections or audits by government agencies or other regulatory bodies to verify our customers compliance with applicable laws, regulations, or GxP principles. Additionally, any failure of our customers to comply with laws and regulations applicable to the functions for which they use our solutions could result in investigations by regulatory authorities, fines, penalties, or claims for substantial damages against our customers that may, in turn, harm our business or reputation. If such failure were allegedly caused by our solutions or services, our customers may make a claim for damages against us, regardless of our responsibility for the failure. We may be subject to investigations and lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful, could divert our resources and our management s attention and adversely affect our business and customer relationships, and our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover such claims against us. Increasingly complex regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity are burdensome, may reduce demand for our solutions, and non-compliance may impose significant liabilities. We process personal data on behalf of our customers, who use our solutions to manage personal data of their employees, healthcare professionals, patients, and related individuals. We also process personal data as part of the Veeva Data Cloud offerings, which provide our customers with professionally relevant data related to healthcare providers and other industry professionals and stakeholders. In addition, we process personal data to provide services that allow healthcare marketers to reach their target audiences and to measure the impact of their media campaigns. In some cases, the personal data that we process includes sensitive personal data, such as health data. Many countries and governmental bodies have adopted or may adopt laws and regulations governing our processing of personal and other data, making compliance an increasingly complex task. For example, we are regulated under the European General Data Protection Regulation ( EU GDPR ) and the United Kingdom s General Data Protection Regulation ( UK GDPR ), as amended by the Data (Use and Access) Act of 2025, where we act as a data controller for our data products and a data processor with respect to our software products. In China, we are regulated under China s Personal Information Protection Law ( PIPL ), where we process data as an entrusted party on behalf of our customers who operate as data handlers. In certain cases, we are regulated under the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) that covers protected health information collected or maintained by covered entities and their business associates. Additionally, many states in the U.S. have passed comprehensive privacy legislation, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (amended by the California Privacy Rights Act). Some states in the U.S. also have passed legislation governing the processing of particular types of data, such as biometric data and certain other health-related data. These laws and regulations impose data subject notice or transparency requirements, mandated privacy and security standards, and registration obligations. They also grant rights to data subjects, such as allowing them to access, correct, delete, or opt out of the sale or sharing of their information. Some of these laws and regulations target certain types of marketing and advertising based on the use of personal information. For example, in response to the State of Washington s My Health My Data Act, which placed significant restrictions on how businesses can collect, use, and disclose consumer health data, we added limitations to the audience segments on our Veeva Crossix data platform. Other states have considered, and in certain cases, enacted, similar laws. In addition, certain laws and regulations impose data localization obligations, cross-border data transfer restrictions, and other country-specific privacy and security requirements, which could be problematic to cloud software and data providers. In these cases, we are required to take steps to legitimize any personal data transfers in these jurisdictions, and to engage in contract negotiations with third parties that aid in processing personal data on our behalf. In China, for example, we offer the China CRM Suite, a CRM solution that does not require data to be transferred outside of China. We maintain active self-certifications under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. We also rely on standard contractual clauses in various jurisdictions, such as the EU, Switzerland, the UK, and Brazil, as well as our technical, contractual, and security measures. These mechanisms help ensure that we, and our customers, have the appropriate legal frameworks in place for personal data to be transferred internationally. In 2025, the U.S. Department of Justice issued a final rule that places limitations, and in some cases prohibitions, on certain transfers of and access to certain personal data of U.S. persons by persons and entities located in China (and other designated countries) or controlled by a person or entity located in China (and other designated Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 23 Table of Contents countries). Additionally, the French governmental agency for health mandates a certification requiring that personal health data collected during healthcare activities be stored exclusively within the European Economic Area. These laws and regulations impose significant data protection obligations and carry substantial penalties for noncompliance. Furthermore, the application and interpretation of these laws and regulations are complex and, at times, unclear and inconsistent. We expect these laws and regulations to continue to evolve, and that there will continue to be new, modified, and re-interpreted laws, regulations, standards, and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity, introducing uncertainty and increasing complexity. For example, the Network and Information Security Directive II ( NIS2 ), adopted in 2023, aims to enhance cybersecurity across critical infrastructure and essential services in the EU. NIS2 provides for all 27 EU member states to have issued implementing legislation by October 2024; however, several EU member states have not finalized their respective legislation and guidance. The EU Data Act, which came into effect September 12, 2025, allows our EU customers to cancel their subscriptions without cause upon providing the notice and after the transition period specified by the Act. Furthermore, new and evolving regulations relating to the use of data in AI and machine learning technologies, such as the EU AI Act, are creating an increasingly complex and fragmented regulatory framework. As we expand our data product offerings into new jurisdictions, we are required to assess, monitor, and comply with additional laws and regulations related to our collection and processing of data, which may include new registration, consent, and notification obligations. In addition to our own processing of personal data, our customers expect that our solutions can be used to enable their compliance with applicable data protection, data privacy, and cybersecurity laws and regulations. These various laws, regulations, and legislative developments have potentially far-reaching consequences and have and may continue to require us to modify our solutions, our global support business, and our data management practices and incur substantial expense in our efforts to comply. Our work to comply with these global laws and regulations has and will continue to require valuable management and employee time and resources and modification of our products or operations and may also limit use and adoption of our products. Data protection authorities from around the world will from time to time review our products and services and their compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and regulations or other actual or asserted obligations relating to privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, or our processing of data could lead to inspections, audits, regulatory investigations and other proceedings, significant fines, penalties, and other relief imposed by government agencies and regulatory bodies, and claims, demands, and litigation by our customers or third parties, which may reduce demand for our solutions and result in reputational harm, substantial damages and other liabilities. In addition to governmental laws and regulations, privacy advocates and other key industry players have, and may continue to, establish various new standards and certifications, such as the prohibition of third-party cookies and other identifiers in certain digital environments, that may place additional burdens or resource constraints on us, limit our ability to collect, use, and otherwise process certain data, and limit our ability to generate certain analytics. Our customers may expect us to meet voluntary certifications or adhere to other standards established by third parties. Understanding and implementing industry and customer specific requirements and certifications on top of our internationally recognized security certifications could require additional investment and management attention and may subject us to significant liabilities if we are unable to comply. Moreover, the continuing evolution of these standards might cause confusion for our customers and may have an impact on the solutions we offer. If we are unable to maintain these certifications or meet these standards, it could reduce demand for our solutions and adversely affect our business and operating results. Incorporating AI in our solutions or other uses of AI may result in reputational harm and increased liability. Veeva AI, an initiative that adds AI to our applications across all major areas, including clinical, regulatory, safety, quality, medical, and commercial, presents new risks and challenges that could affect the adoption of our solutions and our business. If our AI offerings draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on privacy, security or confidentiality, inefficacy or inaccuracy, or contribution to bias, discrimination, other ethical harms, or other matters, we may experience new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, or legal liability. If our users lose confidence in the decisions, predictions, analyses, or other content that our AI offerings produce, the adoption of our offerings could be adversely affected, which may harm our operating results and financial condition. We may also use AI for research and development and other internal operational use cases, including the use of AI-enabled processes. The legal, regulatory, and policy environments around AI are evolving rapidly, such as the EU AI Act and legislation proposed and adopted in certain states in the U.S., and we Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 24 Table of Contents may become subject to new and evolving legal and other obligations. These and other developments may require us to make significant changes to our use of AI, including by limiting or restricting our use of AI or AI-enabled processes, and which may require us to make significant changes to our policies and practices, which may necessitate expenditure of significant time, expense, and other resources. Uncertainty around new and emerging AI applications and regulations may also require us to make significant changes to our use of AI and may cause us to incur increased research and development costs or compliance costs, or divert resources from other development efforts to address issues related to AI governance. If we are unable to mitigate these risks, or if we incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition may be harmed. Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties We rely on third-party providers including Amazon Web Services and Salesforce for computing infrastructure, secure network connectivity, and other technology-related services needed to deliver our cloud solutions. Any disruption in the services provided by such third-party providers could adversely affect our business and subject us to liability. Our solutions are hosted from and use computing infrastructure provided by third parties. We utilize Amazon Web Services with respect to applications built on the Veeva Vault platform. Our Veeva CRM application is built on a platform provided by Salesforce that utilizes hosting and computing infrastructure provided by Salesforce. However, as discussed in more detail above, we have begun to migrate our Veeva CRM customers to Vault CRM, which is built on our Veeva Vault platform. We also utilize other computing infrastructure service providers to a lesser extent. We do not own or control the operation of the third-party facilities or equipment used to provide the services described above. Our computing infrastructure service providers have no obligation to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms or if our computing infrastructure is unable to keep up with our needs for capacity, we may be required to transition to a new provider and we may incur significant costs and possible service interruption in connection with doing so. In addition, such service providers could decide to close their facilities or change or suspend their service offerings without adequate notice to us. Moreover, any financial difficulties, such as bankruptcy, faced by such service providers may have negative effects on our business, the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict. Since we cannot easily switch computing infrastructure service providers, any disruption with respect to our current providers would impact our operations and our business could be adversely impacted. Problems faced by our computing infrastructure service providers could adversely affect the experience of our customers. For example, Salesforce and Amazon Web Services have experienced significant service outages in the past and may do so again in the future. Additionally, our failure to manage or react to an increase in customer demand could have an adverse effect on our business. A rapid expansion of our business or an increase in customer demand could affect our service levels or cause our systems to fail. Our agreements with third-party computing infrastructure service providers may not entitle us to corresponding service level credits to those we offer to our customers. Any changes in third-party service levels at our computing infrastructure service providers or any related disruptions, slowdowns, failures, or other performance problems with our solutions could result in lengthy interruptions in our services, damage our customers stored files, or result in potential losses of customer data, any of which could adversely affect our reputation. Interruptions in our services might reduce our revenues, cause us to issue refunds to customers for prepaid and unused subscriptions, subject us to service level credit claims and potential liability, or adversely affect our renewal rates. We are currently dependent upon Salesforce s platform for our Veeva CRM application. We are currently dependent upon the Salesforce platform to deliver Veeva CRM. However, we have begun to migrate our Veeva CRM customers to Vault CRM, which is built on our Veeva Vault platform. Our agreement with Salesforce expired on September 1, 2025, and pursuant to the terms of our agreement, during the wind-down period from September 1, 2025 to September 1, 2030, we may not sell applications that utilize the Salesforce platform to new customers and our sales of applications that utilize the Salesforce platform to a customer existing at September 1, 2025 may not exceed 150% of the seats in use by each such customer as of September 1, 2025. After September 1, 2030, we will not be able to sell applications that utilize the Salesforce platform to any customers. Salesforce also has the right, in certain circumstances, to terminate the wind-down period early, including in the event of a material breach of the agreement by us, or if Salesforce is subjected to third-party intellectual property infringement claims based on our solutions (except to the extent based on the Salesforce platform) or our Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 25 Table of Contents trademarks and we do not remedy such infringement in accordance with the agreement. Also, if we are acquired by specified companies, Salesforce may terminate the agreement upon notice of not less than 12 months. If the Salesforce platform for Veeva CRM becomes unavailable earlier than we anticipate, our business and operations would be adversely affected. We employ third-party licensed software and software components for use in or with our solutions, and the inability to maintain these licenses or the presence of errors or security vulnerabilities in the software we license could limit the functionality of our products and result in increased costs or reduced service levels, which would adversely affect our business. Our solutions incorporate or use certain third-party software and software components obtained under licenses from other companies. We also use third-party software and tools in the development process for our solutions to manage and monitor our computing infrastructure, and to provide professional services and support our customers. For example, our Veeva CRM Engage Meeting application uses a purpose-built partner tool from Zoom Video Communications, Inc., which is critical to the application s functionality. We anticipate that we will continue to rely on such third-party software and development tools in the future. Although we believe that there are commercially reasonable alternatives to the third-party software we currently license, this may not always be the case, or it may be difficult or costly to replace. In addition, although we maintain a supplier security evaluation process, if the third-party software we use has errors, security vulnerabilities, or otherwise malfunctions, the functionality of our solutions may be negatively impacted, our customers may experience reduced service levels, and our business may suffer. Our solutions utilize open-source software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open-source licenses could adversely affect our business. Our solutions include software covered by open-source licenses. The terms of various open-source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to market our solutions. It is possible under the terms of certain open-source licenses, if we combine our proprietary software with open-source software in a certain manner, that we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software and make our proprietary software available under open-source licenses. In the event that portions of our proprietary software are determined to be subject to an open-source license, we could be required to publicly release the affected portions of our source code, re-engineer all or a portion of our solutions, or otherwise be limited in the licensing of our solutions, each of which could reduce or eliminate the value of our solutions. In addition to risks related to license requirements, use of open-source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of the software. Many of the risks associated with the use of open-source software cannot be eliminated and could adversely affect our business. Risks Related to Our Financial Performance, How We Contract with Customers, and the Financial Position of Our Business Our historic growth rates of total revenues and subscription revenues should not be viewed as indicative of our future performance. While we have experienced significant revenue growth in prior periods, it is not indicative of our future revenue growth. Our total revenue and subscription revenue growth rates have declined in the past and may decline in the future. In our fiscal years ended January 31, 2026, 2025, and 2024, our total revenues grew by 16%, 16%, and 10% respectively, as compared to total revenues from the prior fiscal years. In our fiscal years ended January 31, 2026, 2025, and 2024, our subscription revenues grew by 17%, 20%, and 10% respectively, as compared to subscription revenues from the prior fiscal years. Over the longer term, our revenue growth rates are likely to fluctuate from year to year and may decline. If we are unable to maintain consistent revenue growth, it may adversely impact our profitability and the value of our common stock. Our results may fluctuate from period to period, which could prevent us from meeting our own guidance or security analyst or investor expectations. Our results of operations, including our revenues, gross margin, operating margin, profitability, cash flows, normalized billings, and deferred revenue, as well as other metrics we may report, have in the past and may in the future vary from period to period for a variety of reasons, including those listed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, and period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. Accordingly, our Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 26 Table of Contents quarterly results should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Additionally, from time to time, we issue guidance and provide commentary regarding our expectations for certain future financial results and other metrics on both a near-term and long-term basis. Our guidance is based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that are subject to significant business, economic, and competitive uncertainties that are beyond our control and are based upon assumptions about future business and accounting decisions that may change or be wrong. Our guidance may prove to be incorrect, and actual results may differ from our guidance. Fluctuations in our results, changes in our guidance, or failure to achieve our guidance or security analyst or investor expectations, even if not materially, could cause the price of our common stock to decline substantially, and our investors could incur substantial losses. Our subscription agreements with our customers are typically for a term of one year. If our existing customers do not renew their subscriptions, do not buy additional solutions and user subscriptions from us, renew at lower aggregate fee levels, or early terminate their existing agreements, our business and operating results will suffer. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from the renewal of existing subscription orders. The majority of our customers orders for subscription services have one-year terms. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions after their orders expire. Thus, securing the renewal of our subscription orders and selling additional solutions and user subscriptions is critical to our future operating results. Factors that may affect the renewal rate for our solutions and our ability to sell additional solutions and user subscriptions include: the price, performance, and functionality of our solutions; the effectiveness of our professional services; the strength of our business relationships with our customers; the availability, price, performance, and functionality of competing solutions and services; our ability to develop complementary solutions, applications, and services; the stability, performance, and security of our hosting infrastructure and hosting services; and the business environment of our customers and, in particular, reductions in spending or headcount, and acquisitions of or business combinations between our customers or other business developments that may result in reductions in user subscriptions. For example, certain of our contracting terms include an annual inflation adjustment that raises the price to each customer upon renewal by the lower of 4% or the Consumer Price Index (All Urban Consumer, U.S. City Average, All Items Index) published by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics for the month of August of the prior calendar year. If this increase results in reduced renewal rates, our business and results of operations will be adversely affected. Further, our customers may negotiate terms less advantageous to us upon renewal, which could reduce our revenues from these customers. As a customer s total spend on Veeva solutions increases, we expect purchasing scrutiny at renewal to increase as well, which may result in reductions in user subscriptions or increased pricing pressure. Other factors that are not within our control may contribute to a reduction in our subscription revenues. For instance, our customers may reduce their number of sales representatives, which would result in a corresponding reduction in the number of user subscriptions needed for some of our solutions and thus a lower aggregate renewal fee, or our customers may discontinue clinical trials for which our solutions are being used. In addition, certain customers have in the past exercised their right to reduce usage or exercise termination rights, and other customers may also choose to do so in the future. Our master subscription agreements governing multi-year orders generally include a right to terminate for convenience. In addition, pursuant to the EU Data Act, which came into effect September 12, 2025, our EU customers may cancel their subscriptions without cause upon providing the notice and after the transition period specified by the Act. If our customers fail to renew their subscription orders, renew their subscription orders with less favorable terms or at lower fee levels, fail to purchase new solutions, applications, or professional services from us, or terminate their existing agreements early, our revenues may decline or our future revenues may be constrained. We may not be able to sustain the level of profitability we have achieved in the past. We expect our future expenses to increase as we continue to invest in and grow our business. We expect to incur significant future expenditures related to: Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 27 Table of Contents developing new solutions and enhancing our existing solutions, and investment in our product development teams; data acquisition costs associated with our Veeva Compass offering and costs incurred with our use of large language models associated with our Veeva AI offering; improving the technology infrastructure, scalability, availability, security, and support for our solutions; sales and marketing, including expansion of our direct sales organization and global marketing programs; expansion of our professional services organization; acquisitions and investments; and general operations, IT systems, facilities, and administration, including legal and accounting expenses. If our efforts to increase revenues and manage our expenses are not successful, or if we incur costs, damages, fines, settlements, or judgments as a result of other risks and uncertainties described in this report, we may not be able to sustain or increase our historical levels of profitability. Our revenues and gross margin from professional services fees are volatile and may not increase from quarter to quarter or at all. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from professional services fees. Our professional services revenues fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of the requirements, complexity, and timing of customer projects. Our customers may also choose to use third parties rather than us for certain professional services related to our solutions. As a result of these and other factors, our professional services revenues may not increase on a quarterly basis in the future or at all. Additionally, the gross margin generated from professional services fees fluctuates based on a number of factors which may vary from period to period, including the average billable hours worked by our billable professional services personnel, our average hourly rates for professional services, and the margin on professional services subcontracted to our third-party systems integrator partners. As a result of these and other factors, the gross margin from our professional services may not increase on a quarterly basis in the future or at all. Because we recognize subscription revenues ratably over the term of an order for our subscription services, our short-term results of operations may not reflect a decline in sales and may not be indicative of future results. We generally recognize subscription revenues ratably over the term of an order under our subscription agreements. As a result, a substantial majority of our quarterly subscription revenues are generated from subscription agreements entered into during prior periods. Consequently, a decline in new subscriptions in any quarter may not affect our results of operations in that quarter but could reduce our revenues in future quarters. Additionally, the timing of renewals or non-renewals or termination for convenience of a subscription agreement during any quarter may only affect our financial performance in future quarters. For example, the non-renewal of a subscription agreement late in a quarter will have minimal impact on revenues for that quarter but will reduce our revenues in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant declines in sales and customer acceptance of our solutions may not be reflected in our short-term results of operations, which would make these reported results less indicative of our future financial results. By contrast, a non-renewal occurring early in a quarter may have a significant negative impact on revenues for that quarter and we may not be able to offset a decline in revenues due to the non-renewal with revenues from new subscription agreements entered into in the same quarter. Deferred revenue and change in deferred revenue may not be accurate indicators of our future financial results. Our subscription orders are generally billed at the beginning of the subscription period in annual or quarterly increments, which means the annualized value of such orders may not be completely reflected in deferred revenue at any single point in time. Many of our customers, including many of our large customers, are billed on a quarterly basis and therefore a substantial portion of the value of contracts billed on a quarterly basis will not be reflected in our deferred revenue at the end of any given quarter. Also, particularly with respect to expansion orders for our Commercial Solutions, because the term of orders for additional end users or applications is commonly less than one year to align to the renewal date of existing Commercial Solutions orders, the annualized value of such orders Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 28 Table of Contents may not be completely reflected in deferred revenue at any single point in time. We have also agreed from time to time, and may agree in the future, to allow customers to change the renewal dates of their orders to, for example, align more closely with a customer s annual budget process or to align with the renewal dates of other orders placed by other entities within the same corporate control group, or to change payment terms from annual to quarterly, or vice versa. Such changes may result in an order of less than one year as necessary to align all orders to the desired renewal date and, thus, may result in a lesser increase to deferred revenue compared to if the adjustment had not occurred. Additionally, changes in renewal dates may change the fiscal quarter in which deferred revenue associated with a particular order is booked. Accordingly, we do not believe that changes on a quarterly or annual basis in deferred revenue, calculated billings, or normalized billings are precise indicators of the underlying momentum of our business or future revenues. We believe that our subscription revenue guidance and normalized billings guidance for the full fiscal year are the best indicators of the momentum of our business or future revenues. Please note that we define the term calculated billings for any period to mean revenue for the period plus the change in deferred revenue from the immediately preceding period minus the change in unbilled accounts receivable from the immediately preceding period. We define the term normalized billings for any period to mean calculated billings adjusted for the impact of (i) term changes in our customer renewals, such as changes to renewal date (for example, changing the renewal date of multiple products to be coterminous) or changes to billing frequency (for example, changing from annual to quarterly billings), and (ii) delayed renewals that have closed and billed after the period end. However, many companies that provide cloud-based software report changes in deferred revenue or billings as key operating or financial metrics, and it is possible that analysts or investors may view these metrics as important. Thus, any changes in our deferred revenue balances or deferred revenue trends could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Currency exchange fluctuations may negatively impact our financial results. Some of our international agreements provide for payment denominated in local currencies, and the majority of our local costs are denominated in local currencies. As we continue to expand our operations in countries outside the United States, an increasing proportion of our revenues and expenditures in the future may be denominated in foreign currencies. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar versus foreign currencies may impact our operating results when translated into U.S. dollars. Thus, our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in the Euro, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar, Great British Pound Sterling, and Chinese Yuan, and may be adversely affected in the future due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Changes in exchange rates has in the past and may in the future negatively affect our revenues, expenses, and other operating results as expressed in U.S. dollars in the future. Further, we have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net income as a result of transaction gains or losses related to certain asset and liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded. We engage in the hedging of our foreign currency transactions and may in the future hedge selected significant transactions or net monetary exposure positions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments. Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect sales and use, value-added or similar transactional taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to past or future sales, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We do not collect sales and use, value added or similar transactional taxes in all jurisdictions in which we have sales but no physical presence, based on our determination that such taxes are not applicable or that we are not required to collect such taxes with respect to the jurisdiction. Sales and use, value added and similar tax laws and rates vary greatly by jurisdiction. Certain jurisdictions in which we do not collect and remit such taxes may assert that such taxes are applicable, which could result in tax assessments, penalties and interest, and we may be required to collect such taxes in the future. Such tax assessments, penalties and interest or future requirements, including based on changes in tax laws, may adversely affect our results of operations. We believe that our consolidated financial statements reflect adequate reserves to cover such a contingency, but there can be no assurances in that regard. Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 29 Table of Contents Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities, including as a result of our international operations or implementation of new tax rules, could harm our future results. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions and complex transfer pricing regulations administered by taxing authorities in these jurisdictions. Tax rates may change as a result of factors outside of our control or relevant taxing authorities may disagree with our determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. In addition, changes in tax and trade laws, treaties or regulations, or their interpretation or enforcement, have become more unpredictable and may become more stringent, which could have a material adverse effect on our tax position. Additionally, volatility in our stock price would affect the excess tax benefits from our equity compensation, which may adversely impact our effective tax rate. Forecasting our estimated annual effective tax rate is complex and subject to uncertainty, and there may be material differences between our forecasted and actual tax rates. Moreover, increases in our effective tax rate would reduce our profitability. Our income tax provision could also be impacted by changes in accounting principles and changes in U.S. federal and state or international tax laws applicable to multinational corporations. For example, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act includes significant tax provisions such as the permanent extension of certain expiring provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 ( TCJA ), modifications to the international tax framework and restoration of immediate expensing for domestic research and development expenditures, which were previously required to be capitalized and amortized over five years under TCJA. Changes in the interpretation or implementation of this new law have impacted in the past and may impact in the future the calculation of our tax payments and our financial results. Any changes in taxing jurisdictions administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions could also impact our tax liabilities. The overall tax environment has made it increasingly challenging for multinational corporations to operate with certainty about taxation in many jurisdictions. For example, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) continues to implement reforms to the international tax system, including a 15% global minimum effective corporate tax rate referred to as Pillar Two. Since the initial implementation of Pillar Two by several countries in 2024, the framework has continued to evolve, most notably with the OECD/G20 s January 2026 release of the side-by-side package. While as a US-parented multinational business we could be exempt from certain Pillar Two provisions for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2026, provided we meet specific eligibility criteria, the increasingly complex global tax environment could still have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. We will continue to monitor and assess the implications of OECD-related developments to the side-by-side system, and the evolving Pillar Two framework. Finally, we have been, and may be in the future, subject to income tax audits throughout the world. We believe our income, employment, and transactional tax liabilities are reasonably estimated and accounted for in accordance with applicable laws and principles, but an adverse resolution of one or more uncertain tax positions in any period could have a material impact on the results of operations for that period. If we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports. As a public company, we are required to maintain internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ( Sarbanes-Oxley Act ) requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and provide a management report on internal controls over financial reporting. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act also requires that our management report on internal controls over financial reporting be attested to by our independent registered public accounting firm. We must continue to monitor and assess our internal control over financial reporting. If in the future we have any material weaknesses, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. Additionally, if in the future we are unable to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, are unable to assert that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, identify material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected, and we could become subject to investigations by the NYSE, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 30 Table of Contents We have broad discretion in the use of our cash balances and may not use them effectively. We have broad discretion in the use of our cash balances and may not use them effectively. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could adversely affect our business and financial condition. Pending their use, we may invest our cash balances in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. We are also subject to general economic conditions, including volatility in the financial markets, that can negatively affect our investment income or negatively impact the banking partners on which we rely for operating cash management. Our investments may not yield a favorable return to our investors and may negatively impact the price of our common stock. A loss on our investments may also negatively impact our liquidity, which in turn may hurt our ability to invest in our business. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property We have been and may in the future be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights or misappropriation of intellectual property, and we may suffer damages or other harm from such proceedings. There is considerable patent and other intellectual property development activity in our industry. Our competitors, as well as a number of other entities and individuals, including so-called non-practicing entities, may own or claim to own intellectual property relating to our solutions. From time to time, third parties have claimed, and may in the future claim, that we are infringing upon their intellectual property rights or that we have misappropriated their intellectual property. For example, our competitors have asserted trade secret misappropriation claims against us in the past. We are also aware of a non-practicing entity alleging that we infringed its patents. As competition in our market grows and as we develop new technology products, the possibility of patent infringement and other intellectual property claims against us increases. In the future, we expect others to claim that our solutions and underlying technology infringe or violate their intellectual pro