=== VEEV_2026-03-20.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below and in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, together with all of the other information in this report, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before investing in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. Summary of Risk Factors The below is a summary of principal risks to our business and risks associated with ownership of our stock. It is only a summary. You should read the more detailed discussion of risks set forth below and elsewhere in this report for a more complete discussion of the risks listed below and other risks. If our security measures are breached or unauthorized access to customer data is otherwise obtained, our solutions may be perceived as not being secure, customers may reduce or stop the use of our solutions, and we may incur significant liabilities. We face intense competition in markets in which we operate particularly in the CRM market as we transition customers from our legacy CRM application to our Vault CRM application and if we do not compete effectively, we may lose customers and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Defects or disruptions in our solutions could result in diminished demand for our solutions and a reduction in our revenues, and subject us to substantial liability. If our newer solutions are not successfully adopted by new and existing customers, the growth rate of our revenues and operating results will be adversely affected. Our revenues are relatively concentrated within a small number of key customers, and the loss of one or more of such key customers could cause our revenues to decline. Nearly all of our revenues are generated by sales to customers in the life sciences industry, and factors that adversely affect this industry (including government funding and staffing of relevant agencies and research, drug pricing regulation, healthcare funding and eligibility reforms, regulation of pharmaceutical advertising, or other regulatory or policy changes) could also adversely affect us. Uncertain macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, including as a result of changes in trade policies and practices (including the imposition of additional tariffs or threats to impose additional tariffs), worldwide inflationary pressures, currency exchange fluctuations, changes in interest rates or other economic policies, geopolitical conflicts (like the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East), and concerns about a possible domestic or global recession, may cause instability in the global economy, and disruptions within the life sciences industry that may negatively impact our business, our financial results, and our stock price. The migration of our customers to our Vault CRM applications built on our own Veeva Vault platform could cause business disruptions for customers and adversely affect our operating results. Over the longer term our revenue growth rates are likely to fluctuate from year to year and may decline, and, as our costs increase, we may not be able to sustain the same level of profitability we have achieved in the past. We rely on third-party providers for computing infrastructure, secure network connectivity, and other technology-related services needed to deliver our cloud solutions, and any slowdown, failure, or disruption in the services provided by them could adversely affect our business and subject us to liability. Difficulty attracting and retaining highly skilled employees could adversely affect our business and efforts to attract and retain such employees may increase our expenses. Changing laws, regulations, and enforcement priorities, including increasingly complex U.S. and international data privacy and information security regulations and measures specific to the life sciences Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 13 Table of Contents industry, may impose additional costs for compliance, reduce demand for our solutions, and subject us to significant liabilities. We have been and may in the future be sued for infringement or misappropriation of third-party intellectual property. We may suffer damages, which could be significant, or other harm from these lawsuits. We may acquire other companies or technologies, which could divert our management s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders, and otherwise disrupt our operations and adversely affect our operating results. Risks Related to Our Business If our security measures are breached or compromised or unauthorized access to customer data is otherwise obtained, our solutions may be perceived as not being secure, customers may reduce or stop their use of our solutions, and we may incur significant liabilities. Our solutions involve the storage, transmission, and other processing of our customers proprietary information (including personal or identifying information regarding their employees and the medical professionals whom their sales personnel contact, and sensitive proprietary data related to the clinical trial, regulatory submission, and sales and marketing processes for medical treatments), personal information of medical professionals, personal information (which may include personal health information) of patients and clinical trial participants, and other sensitive information. For example, Veeva Crossix and Veeva Compass process third-party health and non-health data for U.S. patients. Additionally, we maintain and process other confidential, proprietary, and sensitive business information, including personal information relating to our employees and contractors and confidential information relating to our solutions and business. Unauthorized access or other security breaches or incidents, as a result of third-party action (e.g., cyberattacks, or the introduction into our networks or systems of ransomware or other malware), employee or contractor error or malfeasance, product defect, or otherwise, have resulted in and could in the future result in the loss of information or intellectual property, inappropriate access to or use, disclosure, unavailability, modification, destruction, or other processing of information, service interruption, degradation, disruption, and outages, service level credits, claims, demands, litigation, regulatory investigations and other proceedings, indemnity obligations, damage to our reputation, and other liability. It is possible that our risk of cyberattacks and other sources of security breaches and incidents may be elevated as a result of Russia s invasion of Ukraine, the conflict in the Middle East, or other geopolitical tensions or conflicts, due to an increase in cyberattack attempts on us, our customers, our partners, or our technology infrastructure providers. While we maintain and continue to improve our security measures, we may be unable to adequately anticipate security threats or to implement adequate preventative measures, in part, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and are becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target. For instance, as AI technologies, including generative AI models, develop rapidly, threat actors are using these technologies to create sophisticated new attack methods that are increasingly automated, targeted, coordinated, and difficult to defend against. Moreover, our efforts to detect, prevent, and remediate known or unknown security vulnerabilities, including those arising from third-party hardware or software in our supply chain, may be insufficient to prevent security breaches or incidents resulting from such vulnerabilities, and may result in additional direct or indirect costs and liabilities and time of management and technical personnel. We may be required to expend significant capital and financial resources to protect against the foregoing threats and to alleviate problems caused by actual or perceived security breaches or incidents. Additionally, we and our service providers may face difficulties or delays in identifying, remediating, and otherwise responding to any cybersecurity attack or other security breach or incident. Any or all of these circumstances or issues, or the perception that any of them have occurred or are present (including any actual or perceived cyberattacks or other security breaches or incidents), could adversely affect our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to elect not to renew their subscriptions, result in reputational damage and harm to our market position, or subject us to third-party claims, demands, and lawsuits, regulatory investigations, proceedings, fines, and penalties, mandatory notifications and disclosures, or other action or liability, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Our insurance may not be adequate to cover losses associated with such events, and such insurance may not cover all of the types of costs, expenses, and losses we could incur to respond to and remediate a security breach or incident. Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 14 Table of Contents We face intense competition in markets in which we operate and if we do not compete effectively, we may lose customers and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. The markets for our solutions are highly competitive. In new sales cycles within our largest product categories, we generally compete with other cloud-based solutions from providers that make applications geared toward the life sciences industry. Our CRM solutions primarily compete with Salesforce, Inc., which has developed a life sciences industry-specific CRM application. IQVIA, which historically offered a competitive CRM solution, has licensed its CRM software to Salesforce. Our Veeva Data Cloud products as well as Veeva Crossix, compete with IQVIA, Ipsos Group S.A., Definitive Health Corp., and smaller data and data analytics providers. IQVIA, Dassault Syst mes, OpenText Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Honeywell International Inc., and other smaller application providers offer applications that compete with certain of our Veeva Development Cloud or Veeva Quality Cloud applications. Our Veeva Commercial Cloud, Veeva Development Cloud, and Veeva Quality Cloud applications also compete to replace client server-based legacy solutions offered by companies such as Oracle, Microsoft Corporation, and other smaller application providers. Our customers may also choose to use cloud-based applications or platforms that are not life sciences specific such as Salesforce, Box.com, Amazon Web Services, or Microsoft for certain of the functions our applications provide. Our business consulting and professional services offerings compete with a range of professional services firms, which include, at times, some of our partners. With the introduction of new technologies, we expect competition to intensify in the future, and we may face competition from new market entrants as well. As we transition from our legacy Veeva CRM application to our Vault CRM application, as discussed in more detail below, certain customers have chosen, and other customers may in the future choose, to purchase CRM solutions from a competitor. For example, Salesforce, our primary CRM competitor, has announced that certain large Veeva CRM customers have committed to purchasing its CRM solutions and a number of our customers have informed us of their intent to move to Salesforce as their CRM provider. Some of our actual and potential competitors have advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources, stronger brand and business recognition, larger intellectual property portfolios, and agreements with a broader set of system integrators and other partners. In addition, our competitors have offered price concessions, delayed payment terms, or other more favorable terms and conditions in light of the recent macroeconomic environment. If our actual or potential competitors products, services, or technologies become more accepted than our solutions, if they are successful in bringing their products or services to market earlier than we are, if their products or services are more technologically capable than ours (including as a result of new or better use of evolving AI technologies), or if customers replace our solutions with custom-built software, then our revenues could be adversely affected. Moreover, if we enter new markets, we will likely face competition and will need to adapt to competitive factors that may be different from those we face today. Pricing pressures and increased competition could result in reduced sales, reduced margins, losses, or a failure to maintain or improve our competitive market position, any of which could adversely affect our business. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete favorably against our current and future competitors. Defects or disruptions in our solutions could result in diminished demand for our solutions, a reduction in our revenues, and subject us to substantial liability. We have from time to time found defects in our solutions, and new defects may be detected in the future. In addition, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, service disruptions, degradations, outages, and other performance problems, including from routine maintenance. These types of problems may be caused by a variety of factors, including human or software errors, viruses, cyberattacks, fraud, spikes in customer usage, problems associated with our third-party computing infrastructure and network providers, infrastructure changes, and denial of service issues. Service disruptions may result from errors we make in delivering, configuring, or hosting our solutions, or designing, installing, expanding, or maintaining our computing infrastructure. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. It is also possible that such problems could result in losses of customer data. Since our customers use our solutions for important aspects of their businesses, any errors, defects, disruptions, service degradations, or other performance problems with our solutions, could hurt our reputation and may damage our customers businesses. Such issues have in the past, and may in the future, result in increased operational costs, delays in delivering new products, our customers delaying or withholding payment to us, cancelling their agreements with us, electing not to renew, or making service credit claims, warranty claims, or other claims against us, and loss of future sales. The occurrence of any of these events could result in diminishing demand for our Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 15 Table of Contents solutions, a reduction of our revenues, an increase in our bad debt expense or in collection cycles for accounts receivable, or could require us to incur the expense of litigation or substantial liability. If our newer solutions are not successfully adopted by new and existing customers, the growth rate of our revenues and operating results will be adversely affected. Our continued growth and profitability will depend on our ability to successfully develop and sell new solutions. It is uncertain whether these newer solutions will continue to grow as a percentage of revenues at a pace significant enough to support our expected overall growth. For example, as discussed in more detail below, we have begun to migrate our Veeva CRM customers to Vault CRM. We cannot be certain that we will be successful with respect to newer solutions, including AI technologies, and markets. It may take us significant time, and we may incur significant expense, to effectively market and sell these solutions, develop other new solutions, or make enhancements to our existing solutions. If our newer solutions do not continue to gain traction in the market, or other solutions that we may develop and introduce in the future do not achieve market acceptance in a timely manner, the growth rate of our revenues and operating results will be adversely affected. Our revenues are relatively concentrated within a small number of key customers, and the loss of one or more of such key customers, or their failure to renew or expand user subscriptions, could slow the growth rate of our revenues or cause our revenues to decline. In each of our fiscal years ended January 31, 2026, 2025, and 2024, our top 10 customers accounted for 28% of our total revenues. We rely on our reputation and recommendations from key customers in order to promote our solutions to potential customers, which we call reference selling. The loss of any of our key customers, or a failure of one or more of them to renew or expand user subscriptions for some or all our products, could have a significant impact on the growth rate of our revenues, our reputation, and our ability to obtain new customers. In the event of an acquisition of one of our customers or a business combination between two of our customers, we have in the past and may in the future suffer reductions in user subscriptions or nonrenewal of certain or all of their subscription orders. We are also likely to face increasing purchasing scrutiny at the renewal of large customer subscription orders, which may result in reductions in user subscriptions or increased pricing pressure. The business impact of any of these negative events could be particularly pronounced with respect to our largest customers. Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable investment of resources. If our sales cycle lengthens or we invest substantial resources pursuing unsuccessful sales opportunities, our operating results and growth would be harmed. Our sales process entails planning discussions with prospective customers, analyzing their existing solutions, and identifying how these potential customers could use and benefit from our solutions. The sales cycle for a new customer, from the time of prospect qualification to the completion of the first sale, may span 12 months or longer. Sales cycles for our newer applications or in newer markets or industries are also lengthy and difficult to predict. We spend substantial time, effort, and expense in our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will result in the sale of our solutions. In addition, our sales cycle can vary substantially from customer to customer because of various factors, including the discretionary nature of potential customers purchasing and budget decisions, the macroeconomic and regulatory environments, the availability of funding in the life sciences industry, the announcement or planned introduction of new solutions by us or our competitors, and the purchasing approval processes of potential customers. For example, we have experienced increased scrutiny for certain potential projects, particularly for our professional services offerings, which may continue for the foreseeable future. If our sales cycle lengthens or we invest substantial resources pursuing unsuccessful sales opportunities, our operating results and growth would be harmed. Sales to customers outside the United States or with international operations expose us to risks inherent in international sales. In our fiscal year ended January 31, 2026, customers outside North America accounted for approximately 40% of our total revenues. A key element of our growth strategy is to further expand our international operations and worldwide customer base. Operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and subjects us to regulatory, economic, and political risks that are different from those in the United States. We have limited operating experience in some international markets, and we cannot assure you that our expansion efforts into additional international markets will be successful. Our experience in the United States and other international markets in which we already have a presence may not be relevant to our ability to expand in Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 16 Table of Contents other markets. Our efforts may not be successful in creating further demand for our solutions outside of the United States or in effectively selling our solutions in the international markets we enter. The risks we face in doing business internationally that have in the past adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, our business include: the need and expense to localize and adapt our solutions for specific countries, including translation into foreign languages, and ensuring that our solutions enable our customers to comply with local laws and regulations; data privacy and data sovereignty laws which require that customer data be stored and processed in a designated territory; difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; different pricing environments, longer sales cycles and longer accounts receivable payment cycles, and collections issues; new and different sources of competition; weaker protection for intellectual property and other legal rights than in the United States and practical difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and other rights outside of the United States; laws and business practices favoring local competitors; compliance challenges related to the complexity of multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including those related to employment, tax, privacy and data protection, anti-bribery, and environmental, social and governance matters; increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; difficulties in repatriating funds without adverse tax consequences or restrictions on the transfer of funds more generally, including as a result of sanctions, including those arising from the Russian invasion of Ukraine, which may limit our ability to receive payment from Russian banks; adverse tax consequences, including the potential for required withholding taxes; fluctuations in the exchange rates of foreign currency in which our foreign revenues or expenses may be denominated; changes in diplomatic relations and trade policy, including the status of relations between the United States and other countries, including China and Russia, and the implementation or threatened implementation of tariffs, export controls, trade sanctions, and embargoes, including if the United States and other countries were to impose more significant general sanctions against Russia in response to the continuing conflict in Ukraine, which could ban the use of our products by companies or users in Russia; public health crises, such as epidemics and pandemics; and unstable regional and economic political conditions or armed conflicts in the markets in which we operate, including as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East. We have an office, vendors, and customers in Israel and many of our customers in other regions also have operations in Israel. Armed conflicts, terrorist activities or political instability involving Israel or other countries in the region may cause business disruptions and adversely impact our results of operations. We do not currently have locations or employees in Russia and our revenues from sales to Russian entities is limited. However, certain customers have reduced their number of users of our products in Ukraine. Additionally, the European Union adopted sanctions against Russia prohibiting the sale and supply of enterprise software to entities and individuals in Russia. If customers further curtail or discontinue their operations in Ukraine or Russia, or if we are not able to supply or service users in Russia due to existing or new sanctions, we may lose sales and our results of operations could be negatively impacted. Some of our business partners also have international operations and are subject to the risks described above. Even if we are able to successfully manage the risks of international operations, our business may be adversely Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 17 Table of Contents affected if our business partners are not able to successfully manage these risks, which could adversely affect our business. The migration of our CRM customers to our Vault CRM applications built on our own Veeva Vault platform could cause business disruptions for customers and adversely affect our operating results. We use the Salesforce platform to deliver our Veeva CRM application, but we have begun to migrate our CRM customers to our Vault CRM solutions, which are built on our Veeva Vault platform. Veeva CRM will be supported until December 31, 2029. The migration of our Veeva CRM customers will require time and expense, which may be significant. These migration processes are complex and we cannot be certain that we will be successful. Additionally, the migration may lead to outages or performance problems with Vault CRM or other Vault applications if we encounter difficulties supporting the increased volume of users migrating from Veeva CRM. Any disruptions in our services or other migration-related problems, whether or not such incidents are our fault, could subject us to liability or harm our reputation. If we are unsuccessful migrating our Veeva CRM customers to Vault CRM, or encounter disruptions, delays, or other problems in the migration process, our business, operating results, and brand could be materially and adversely affected. Difficulty attracting and retaining highly skilled employees could adversely affect our business and efforts to attract and retain such employees may increase our expenses. To execute our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly skilled employees. Competition for such employees and potential employees is intense. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with the appropriate level of qualifications, and we also have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, intense recruitment of our employees by competitors and other technology companies. Further, it takes time for newly hired employees to become productive. With respect to sales professionals, for instance, even if we are successful in attracting highly qualified personnel, it may take six to nine months or longer before they are fully trained and productive. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced employees have greater resources than we have and may offer compensation packages and benefits that are perceived to be better than ours. For example, we offer equity awards to a substantial majority of our job candidates and existing employees as part of their overall compensation package. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, including as a result of prolonged declines in the market price of our common stock or changes in perception about our future prospects, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled employees. Additionally, changes in our compensation structure may be negatively received by employees and result in attrition or cause difficulty in the recruiting process. If we fail to attract new employees or fail to retain and motivate our current employees, our business and future growth prospects could be adversely affected. Additionally, we have adopted a Work Anywhere policy, which generally gives employees the flexibility to work in an office or at home on any given day, with certain job-specific restrictions. While we believe this program is beneficial to our business, over the long term we may find it challenging or more costly to maintain employee productivity and collaboration as we continue to grow our business. If we fail to maintain employee productivity and collaboration, our ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees and to achieve our business objectives could be negatively affected. Catastrophic events could disrupt our business and adversely affect our operating results. Our corporate headquarters are located in Pleasanton, California and our primary third-party hosted computing infrastructure is located in the United States, the European Union, Japan, and South Korea. The west coast of the United States, Japan, and South Korea each contain active earthquake zones. Additionally, we rely on our network and third-party infrastructure and enterprise applications, internal technology systems, and our website, for our development, marketing, operational support, hosted services, and sales activities. In the event of a major earthquake, hurricane, or other natural disaster, or catastrophic event such as an actual or threatened public health emergency (e.g., a global pandemic), fire, extreme weather event, power loss, telecommunications failure, cyberattack, armed conflicts (including the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East), or terrorist attack, we may be unable to continue our operations at full capacity or at all and may experience system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our solution development, lengthy interruptions in our services, breaches Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 18 Table of Contents of data security, loss of key employees, and loss of critical data, all of which could have an adverse