=== TECH_2025-08-22.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. Forward-looking statements are not guaranties of future performance and actual results may differ materially from the results, developments and business decisions contemplated by our forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of the report, document, press release, webcast, call, materials or other communication in which they are made. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we do not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events and developments or otherwise. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS OVERVIEW Bio-Techne and its subsidiaries, collectively doing business as Bio-Techne Corporation (Bio-Techne, we, our, us or the Company), develop, manufacture and sell life science reagents, instruments and services for the research, diagnostics and bioprocessing markets worldwide. Our broad product portfolio and application expertise enables scientific investigations into biological processes and molecular diagnostics, revealing the nature, diagnosis, etiology and progression of specific diseases. Our products aid in drug discovery efforts and provide the means for accurate clinical tests and diagnoses. We manage the business in two operating segments our Protein Sciences segment and our Diagnostics and Spatial Biology segment. Our Protein Sciences segment is a leading developer and manufacturer of high-quality biological reagents used in all aspects of life science research, diagnostics and cell and gene therapy. This segment also includes proteomic analytical tools, both manual and automated, that offer researchers and pharmaceutical manufacturers efficient and streamlined options for protein analysis, automated western blot, and multiplexed ELISA workflows. Our Diagnostics and Spatial Biology segment develops and manufactures diagnostic products, including controls, calibrators, and diagnostic assays for the regulated diagnostics market, exosome-based molecular diagnostic assays, advanced tissue-based in-situ hybridization assays and instrumentation for spatial genomic and tissue biopsy analysis, and genetic and oncology kits for research and clinical applications. We are a Minnesota corporation with our global headquarters in Minneapolis, Minnesota. We were founded in 1976 as Research and Diagnostic Systems, Inc. We became a publicly traded company in 1985 through a merger with Techne Corporation, now Bio-Techne Corporation. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ under the symbol TECH. We operate globally, with offices in many locations throughout North America, Europe and Asia. Today, our product lines include hundreds of thousands of diverse products, most of which we manufacture ourselves in multiple locations in North America, as well as locations in the U.K., Canada, Switzerland and China. We have implemented a disciplined strategy to accelerate growth in part by acquiring businesses and product portfolios that leveraged and diversified our existing product lines, filled portfolio gaps with differentiated high growth businesses, and expanded our geographic scope. Recent examples include the investment in Spear Bio at the beginning of fiscal 2025 and the acquisition of Lunaphore SA ( Lunaphore ) at the beginning of fiscal 2024. We also completed a 19.9% investment in Wilson Wolf Corporation ( Wilson Wolf ) in fiscal 2023, and will acquire the remaining ownership in Wilson Wolf by the end of calendar year 2027, if not earlier due to its achievement of revenue or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ( EBITDA ) targets. Recognizing the importance of an integrated, global approach to meeting our mission and accomplishing our strategies, we have maintained many of the brands of the companies we have acquired, but unified under a single global brand -- Bio-Techne. We are committed to providing the life sciences community with innovative, high-quality scientific tools that allow our customers to make extraordinary discoveries and treat and diagnose diseases. We intend to build on Bio-Techne s past accomplishments, high product quality reputation and sound financial position by executing strategies that position us to serve as the standard for biological content in the research market, and to leverage that leadership position to enter the diagnostics and other adjacent markets. Our strategic pillars include: Grow Leverage the Core. Through collaborations with key opinion leaders, participation in scientific discussions and societies, and leveraging our internal talent we expect to be able to convert our continued significant investment in our research and development activities to be first-to-market with quality products that are at the leading edge of life science researchers needs. Capitalize on High Potential Markets. We will continue to leverage our strong balance sheet to gain access to new and differentiated technologies and products that improve our competitiveness in the current market, meet customers expanding workflow needs and allow us to enter adjacent markets. Market Expansion Through Innovation Acquisition. We will leverage our existing portfolio to expand our product offerings into novel research fields and further penetrate diagnostics and therapeutics markets. 4 Table of Contents Acquisitions have, and will likely continue to play, an important role in our efforts to expand our portfolio of innovative tools and bioactive reagents, and support our initiatives to enter adjacent markets. Deliver Best-in-Class Customer Experience. We will continue to expand our sales staff and distribution channels globally in order to increase our global presence and make it easier for customers to transact with us. We strive for every interaction to be seamless, personalized, and exceeding expectations. We aim to deeply understand customers wants and needs while simultaneously offering high-quality service at every touchpoint. Develop People Through a Transofrmative Culture. As we continue to grow both organically and through acquisition, we are intentionally fostering an EPIC culture based on the ideals of Empowerment, Passion, Innovation and Collaboration. We strive to recruit, train and retain the most talented staff, who share these EPIC ideals to effectively implement our global strategies. PROTEIN SCIENCES SEGMENT Protein Sciences Segment Products and Markets The Protein Sciences segment is the larger of our two segments, representing approximately 72% of our net sales in fiscal 2025. It is comprised of two divisions with complementary product offerings serving many of the same customers the Reagent Solutions division and the Analytical Solutions division. The Reagent Solutions division consists of specialized proteins, such as cytokines and growth factors, antibodies, small molecules, tissue culture sera and cell selection technologies traditionally used by researchers to further their life science experimental activities and by companies developing next generation diagnostics and therapeutics, including cell- and gene-based therapeutics. We believe we are the world leader in providing high quality proteins, both for research use and under current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP. Key product brands include R D Systems, Tocris Biosciences and Novus Biologicals. Our combined chemical and biological reagents portfolio provides high quality tools that customers can use in solving complex biological pathways and glean knowledge that may lead to a more complete understanding of biological processes, and, ultimately, to the development of novel therapeutic strategies to address different pathologies. In recent years, we have made several acquisitions and investments that have expanded our product offerings for the cell and gene therapy market. These include a significant investment in state-of-the art facilities for production of both proteins and small molecules in large quantities manufactured in accordance with cGMP, as well as a 19.9% investment in, and eventual acquisition of , Wilson Wolf, a leading provider of cell culture devices for cell-based therapies. Through a collaborative marketing venture with Wilson Wolf and another company, we have leveraged the products we have or are developing to provide a more complete offering for the cell and gene therapy market. The Analytical Solutions division includes manual and automated protein analysis instruments and immunoassays that are used in quantifying proteins in a variety of biological fluids. Products in this division include traditional manual plate-based immunoassays, fully automated multiplex immunoassays on various instrument platforms, and automated western blotting and isoelectric focusing analysis of complex protein samples. Key product brands include R D Systems and ProteinSimple. A number of our products have been demonstrated to have the potential to serve as predictive biomarkers and therapeutic targets for a variety of human diseases and conditions including cancer, autoimmunity, diabetes, hypertension, obesity, inflammation, neurological disorders, and kidney failure. Immunoassays can also be useful in clinical diagnostics. In fact, we have received Food and Drug Administration (FDA) marketing clearance for a few of our immunoassays for use as in vitro diagnostic devices. Protein Sciences Segment Customers and Distribution Methods Our customers for this segment include researchers in academia and industry (chiefly pharmaceutical and biotech companies as well as contract research organizations). This segment also sells to diagnostic/companion diagnostic and therapeutic customers, including those engaged in the development of cell- and gene-based therapies. Our biologics line of products in the Analytical Solutions division is used chiefly by production and quality control departments at biotech and pharmaceutical companies. We sell our products directly to customers who are primarily located in North America, Europe and China, as well as through a distribution agreement with Thermo Fisher Scientific. We also sell through third 5 Table of Contents party distributors in China, Japan, certain eastern European countries and the rest of the world. Our sales are widely distributed, and no single end-user customer accounted for more than 10% of the Protein Sciences segment s net sales during fiscal 2025, 2024, or 2023. DIAGNOSTICS AND SPATIAL BIOLOGY SEGMENT The Diagnostics and Spatial Biology segment, representing approximately 28% of our net revenues in fiscal 2025, includes three divisions and is focused primarily on the diagnostic and research markets and includes spatial biology, liquid biopsy, molecular diagnostics kits and products, and diagnostics reagents. Diagnostics and Spatial Biology Segment Products The Spatial Biology division products sold under the Advanced Cell Diagnostics, or ACD, brand, are novel in-situ hybridization (ISH) assays for transcriptome, DNA copy, and structural variation analysis within intact cells, providing highly sensitive and specific spatial information at single cell resolution. Since these products preserve spatial context, they are particularly useful for complex tissue profiling. In the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we closed on the acquisition of Lunaphore, a leading developer of fully automated spatial biology solutions using precision microfluidic technology capable of revealing hyperplex proteomic and transcriptomic biomarkers in tumors and other tissues at single-cell and subcellular resolution. Lunaphore s COMET instrument automates ACD s RNAscope assays and utilizies antibodies to enable simultaneous hyperplex detection of protein and RNA biomarkers on the same slide at single-cell resolution. The Molecular Diagnostics division markets and sells products and services under the Exosome Diagnostics and Asuragen brands. The Exosome Diagnostics brand is based on exosome-based liquid biopsy techniques that analyze genes or their transcripts. It includes the ExoDx Prostate test, which is a urine-based assay for early detection of high-grade prostate cancer used as an aid in deciding the need for biopsy in men with grey-zone prostate specific antigen (PSA) scores. ExoDX Prostate is offered by Exosome Diagnostics as a lab-developed test. We have also licensed exclusively the ExoTRU kidney transplant rejection test to Thermo Fisher Scientific. We also sell products for genetic carrier screening, oncology diagnostics, molecular controls, and research under the Asuragen brand. The Diagnostic Reagents division consists of regulated products traditionally used as calibrators and controls in the clinical setting. Also included are instrument and process control products for hematology, blood chemistry, blood gases, coagulation controls and reagents used in various diagnostic applications. We often manufacture these reagents on a custom basis, tailored to a customer s specific diagnostic assay technology. We supply these reagents in various formats including liquid, frozen, or in lyophilized form. Most of these products are sold on an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) basis to instrument manufacturers, with most products being FDA-cleared. Diagnostics and Spatial Biology Segment Customers and Distribution Methods The customers for the Spatial Biology division include researchers in academia as well as investigators in pharmaceutical and biotech companies. We sell our products directly to those customers who are primarily located in North America, Europe, and China, and through distributors elsewhere. In addition to being useful research tools, our DNA and RNA in situ hybridization (ISH) assays have diagnostics applications, and several are cleared or currently under review by the FDA in partnership with diagnostics instrument manufacturers and pharmaceutical companies. In the United States, we offer the ExosomeDx Prostate test to physicians using our lab-developed non-invasive urine-based assay for prostate cancer detection. Our diagnostic laboratory is certified under and regulated by the State of Massachusetts pursuant to the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments, or CLIA. We reach our customers through physicians prescribing such tests for their patients. This test is also available in Europe as a CE-marked product. The Asuragen-branded products are sold primarily to laboratories for use in lab-developed tests or in kit form as regulated diagnostic tests. The majority of Diagnostic Reagents Division s sales are through OEM agreements, but we sell some of our diagnostic reagent products directly to customers and, in Europe and Asia, also through distributors. No customer accounted for 10% or more of the reporting segment s consolidated net sales during fiscal 2025, 2024 or 2023. 6 Table of Contents MANUFACTURING AND MATERIALS Our manufacturing operations use a wide variety of raw materials and components, including electronic components, chemicals and biological materials. No single supplier is material, although for some components that require particular specifications or regulatory or other qualifications there may be a single supplier or a limited number of suppliers that can readily provide such components. We utilize a number of techniques to address potential disruption in and other risks relating to our supply chain, which in certain cases includes the use of safety stock, alternative materials, and qualification of multiple supply sources. The majority of our products are shipped within one day of receipt of the customers orders, other than our instruments and related cartridges, which are typically shipped within one to two weeks of receipt of an order. There was no significant backlog of orders for our products as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or as of a comparable date. For additional discussion of risks relating to supply chain and manufacturing, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. COMPETITION Although our segments both generally operate in highly competitive markets, it is difficult to determine our competitive position, either in the aggregate or by segment, since none of our competitors offer all of the same product and service lines or serve all of the same markets as the Company, or any of its segments, does. Because of the range of the products and services we sell, we encounter a wide variety of competitors, including a number of large, global companies or divisions of such companies with substantial capabilities and resources, as well a number of smaller, niche competitors with specialized product offerings. We have seen increased competition in a number of our markets as a result of the entry of new companies into certain markets, the entry of competitors based in low-cost manufacturing locations, and increasing consolidation in particular markets. The number of competitors varies by product line. Key competitive factors vary among the Company s businesses, but include the specific factors noted above with respect to each particular business and typically also include price, quality and safety, performance, delivery speed, application expertise, service and support, technology and innovation, distribution network, breadth of product, service and software offerings, and brand name recognition. We believe our competitive position is strong due to the unique aspects of many of our products and our product quality. For a discussion of risks related to competition, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. SEASONALITY OF BUSINESS Bio-Techne believes there is some seasonality as a result of vacation and academic schedules of its worldwide customer base, particularly for the Protein Sciences segment. There is also some seasonality for the ExosomeDx Prostate test, as patients tend to avoid scheduling medical appointments during the summer and other holidays. A majority of Diagnostics Reagents division products are manufactured in large bulk lots and sold on a schedule set by the customer. Consequently, sales for that division can be unpredictable, and not necessarily based on seasonality. As a result, we can experience material and sometimes unpredictable fluctuations in our revenue from the Diagnostics and Spatial Biology segment. GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS Although the Company transacts business with various government entities, no government contract is of such magnitude that renegotiation of profits or termination of the contract at the election of the government entity would have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial results. As a party to these contracts, Bio-Techne does have to comply with certain regulations that apply to companies doing business with governments. For a discussion of risks related to government contracting requirements, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. NEW PRODUCTS AND RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT We believe that our future success depends, to a large extent, on our ability to keep pace with changing technologies and market needs. Bio-Techne is engaged in continuous research and development in all of our major product lines. We also carry out research to develop new products that build upon and expand the technologies we acquire through our acquisition strategy. In fiscal 2025, we introduced over 400 new products. While this is an area of focus for the Company, there is no 7 Table of Contents assurance that any of the products in the research and development phases can be successfully completed or, if completed, can be successfully introduced into the marketplace. HUMAN CAPITAL Through its subsidiaries, Bio-Techne employed approximately 3,100 full-time and part-time employees as of June 30, 2025, of whom approximately 2,300 were employed in the United States and approximately 800 outside the United States. None of the United States employees are unionized. Outside the United States, the Company has government-mandated collective bargaining arrangements or work councils in certain countries. Bio-Techne is committed to attracting, developing, engaging, and retaining the best people possible from around the world to sustain and grow our leadership position in life sciences tools and diagnostics. We strive to create an employee experience that allows each to achieve their full potential. This is demonstrated by our EPIC values of Empowerment, Passion, Innovation and Collaboration. We continuously build on our people-first culture, led by uncompromising integrity, hosting a place of belonging, granting access to innovation and respecting human rights around the globe. Our people strategy spans multiple key dimensions, including the following: Culture and Governance Our four EPIC values of Empowerment, Passion, Innovation and Collaboration are the backbone for the way we approach the leadership and direction of our work force. Employees are empowered to realize their potential. Our culture supports and encourages a collaborative approach to working with each other and with our customers. We encourage innovation to continually improve our products, services and processes, and our passions for science and the missions of our customers are our guiding lights. Our EPIC values are embedded in our culture and practices. To further amplify our desired behaviors, we have an annual employee recognition program in which we ask for nominations and recognize winning individuals and teams across our business who have best demonstrated our EPIC values. Bio-Techne s Board of Directors reviews management succession planning at least annually, and its Compensation Committee reviews the Company s people strategy periodically in connection with significant initiatives and acquisitions, as well as part of its oversight of our executive and equity compensation programs. At the management level, our Chief Human Resources Officer, who reports directly to our President and CEO, is responsible for the development and execution of the Company s people strategy. Engagement and Belonging Our engagement strategy focuses on developing the best workplace and best people leaders to meet our employees needs. We believe that strong employee engagement helps enable higher retention and better business performance. We assess our engagement performance through regular consultation with our managers. We also engage more formally via an annual engagement survey that assesses our employees overall experience. In 2025, two-thirds of our global workforce participated, and 75% of those who responded provided favorable feedback. While these responses were positive, our management used the responses to inform and shape our future employee-focused initiatives. These initiatives in the past have resulted in changes in programs and policies, including expansion of our management and leadership development programs, expansion of a parental leave program, introduction of flexible working, addition of an internal communications function, leadership engagement focused on transparency and stronger feedback follow-up, and expansion of the breadth and resources of our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs). In fiscal 2025, we empowered work/life integration through hybrid work models wherever feasible, continued to cultivate belonging and inclusion, and paved the path for career growth through the personalized development and individual action plans. We believe a culture of belonging is central to drive innovation, fuel growth and help ensure our technologies and products effectively serve a global customer base. The Company s executive-sponsored Belonging initiative is focused on providing a welcoming working environment for all employees, continued education, broadening our candidate pools, and implementing and sustaining programs. Under the guidance of our executive-sponsored Employee Resource Group 8 Table of Contents Council, ERGs offer mentorship, support and engagement to help our employees succeed and thrive. As of June 30, 2025, we had 11 ERGs operating globally. As of June 30, 2025, 48% of our total employee population was female, and 43% of our managerial employees were female. 39% of our total employee population identified as nonwhite and 28% of our managerial employees identified as nonwhite. Recruitment and Retention Bio-Techne believes that sustaining its profitable growth will require a continued focus on recruiting and retaining top talent. We engage in a variety of recruiting strategies intended to locate and identify qualified candidates and create a talent pipeline. The Company offers competitive pay and benefits, from flexible work to financial planning resources to an employee stock purchase plan. In recent years, we bolstered our recruitment and retention efforts by expanding eligibility to receive stock options deeper into the organization and expanded our Long-Term Incentive program strategy to include a combination of stock options and restricted stock units. Bio-Techne continues to offer a referral bonus with the understanding that this is one of our most successful sourcing methods. In addition to pay and benefits, Bio-Techne believes that the ability to retain employees requires an environment where they can work productively and where there are opportunities to grow and advance. The Company therefore seeks to cultivate a culture of empowerment and collaboration, where employees can observe the impact of their efforts, and where they see opportunities both laterally and vertically. The last fiscal year continued to see considerable employee mobility across all industries, including the biotechnology industry, but we nonetheless significantly reduced our attrition rate to maintain durable stability across our enterprise. We believe that Bio-Techne s sustained efforts on recruitment and retention will fortify our resilience in the face of increased employee mobility and economic challenges. Talent Development and Learning and Development Bio-Techne invests in people development in the belief that growing and promoting employees from within the Company creates a more sustainable organization. High potential employees are identified through our annual talent review process, as well as through leadership development programs designed to cultivate future leaders. Employees identified as high potential are elevated to the attention of senior management for consideration for additional development, growth opportunities, and career advancement. Our global Learning and Development program delivers a wide range of initiatives including a validated suite of compliance training, and soft, technical, business, interpersonal and career skills. Bio-Techne also encourages and supports employees who wish to supplement their growth through external training and education. As a company that regularly acquires other businesses, we believe it is important for employees to be trained in the skills and mindsets that enable them to respond positively to change. This initiative allows individuals to deal with change more easily and reduces the need to run large scale change management programs. Well-Being and Safety The Company is committed to protecting the physical health, safety, and psychological well-being of our employees by providing a safe work environment and permitting hybrid work schedules wherever feasible. We actively monitor and adjust our crisis management plan and response protocol to protect our employees. Bio-Techne trains all employees on foundational safety principles and requires more rigorous safety and hazard awareness training where appropriate based on function, role, or team. At Bio-Techne, all employees are empowered and encouraged to maintain and create a safe workplace. In addition, we offer internal and external resources to provide for the psychological and emotional security of employees, including employee resource programs, mental health benefit coverage, and flexible work for many roles. Community The Company believes in giving back and in supporting the local communities in which we live and work. The Company and its employees donate financially and by giving their time and energy. Most sites or departments engage in local 9 Table of Contents charitable causes and activities. In some of our sites, employees are encouraged to give through regular payroll deductions and through the annual campaign week where employee contributions are matched by the Company. In addition, United States employees receive a paid day off to participate in local opportunities to give back to the community as part of our volunteer time off benefit. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our core technologies and intellectual property. To accomplish this, we rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets and trademarks, as well as customary contractual protections in our terms and conditions and other sales-related documentation. As of June 30, 2025, we had rights to approximately 1,340 granted patents and approximately 270 pending patent applications. Products in the Analytical Solutions and the Spatial Biology divisions are protected primarily through pending patent applications and issued patents. In addition, certain of our products are covered by licenses from third parties to supplement our own patent portfolio. Patent protection, if granted, generally has a life of 20 years from the date of the patent application or patent grant. We cannot provide assurance that any of our pending patent applications will result in the grant of a patent, whether the examination process will require us to narrow our claims, and whether our claims will provide adequate coverage of our competitors products or services. In addition to pursuing patents on our products, we also preserve much of our innovation as trade secrets, particularly in the Reagent Solutions division of our Protein Sciences segment. Where appropriate, we use trademarks or registered trademarks in connection with our products. We have taken steps to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology, in part by entering into confidentiality agreements and intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, corporate partners and, when needed, our advisors. See the description of risks associated with the Company s intellectual property in Item 1A. Risk Factors. We can give no assurance that Bio-Techne s products do not infringe upon patents or proprietary rights owned or claimed by others. Bio-Techne has not conducted a patent infringement study for each of its products. Where we have been contacted by patent holders with certain intellectual property rights, Bio-Techne typically has entered into licensing agreements with patent holders under which it has the exclusive and/or non-exclusive right to use patented technology as well as the right to manufacture and sell certain patented products to the research and/or diagnostics markets. All trademarks, trade names, product names, graphics, and logos of Bio-Techne contained herein are trademarks and registered trademarks of Bio-Techne or its subsidiaries, as applicable, in the United States and/or other countries. Solely for convenience, we may refer to trademarks in this Annual Report on Form 10-K without the or symbols. Such references are not intended to indicate that we will not assert our full rights to our trademarks. LAWS AND REGULATIONS Our operations, and some of the products we offer, are subject to a number of complex laws and regulations governing the production, marketing, handling, transportation, and distribution of our products and services. The following sections describe certain significant regulations pertinent to the Company. These are not the only laws and regulations applicable to the Company s business. For a description of risks related to laws and regulations to which we are subject, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. Medical Device Regulations A number of our products are classified as medical devices and are subject to restrictions under domestic and foreign laws, rules, regulations, self-regulatory codes and orders, including but not limited to the U.S. Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (the FDCA ). The FDCA requires these products, when sold in the United States, to be safe and effective for their intended uses and to comply with the regulations administered by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ). The FDA regulates the design, development, testing, manufacture, advertising, labeling, packaging, marketing, distribution, import and export and record keeping for such products. Many medical device products are also regulated by comparable agencies in non-U.S. countries in which they are produced or sold. 10 Table of Contents Any medical devices we manufacture and distribute are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA and certain state and non-U.S. agencies. As a medical device manufacturer, our manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection on a routine basis by the FDA. We are required to adhere to the Current Good Manufacturing Practices ( cGMP ) requirements, as set forth in the Quality Systems Regulation ( QSR ), which require manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all phases of the design and manufacturing process. We must also comply with post-market surveillance regulations, including medical device reporting ( MDR ), requirements which require that we review and report to the FDA any incident in which our products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury. We must also report any incident in which our product has malfunctioned if that malfunction would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury it if were to recur. Labeling and promotional activities are subject to scrutiny by the FDA and, in certain circumstances, by the Federal Trade Commission. Medical devices approved or cleared by the FDA may not be promoted for unapproved or uncleared uses, otherwise known as off-label promotion. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. In the European Union ( EU ), our products are subject to the medical device laws of the various member states, which are currently based on a Directive of the European Commission. Additionally, the EU has adopted the In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation (the EU IVDR ), which imposes stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of in vitro diagnostic medical devices, including in the area of clinical evaluation requirements, quality systems and post-market surveillance. Manufacturers of in vitro diagnostics medical devices that have been marketed and sold under the prior regulatory regime now have to comply with some of the new EU IVDR requirements, while the effective date of other requirements have been delayed. Complying with EU IVDR may require material modifications to our quality management systems, additional resources in certain functions, updates to technical files and additional clinical data in some cases, among other changes. One of our products under our Exosome Diagnostics brand is offered as a test by a certified laboratory under CLIA. Our Asuragen business also maintains a CLIA certification. Consequently, we must comply with state licensing regulations applicable to laboratories regulated under CLIA, governing laboratory practices and procedures. Other Healthcare Laws Some of the products and services we sell, predominantly in our Diagnostics and Spatial Biology segment, are subject to various health care related laws regulating fraud and abuse, research and development, pricing and sales and marketing practices, and the privacy and security of health information, including, among others: U.S. federal regulations regarding quality and cost by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ), including the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services ( CMS ), as well as comparable state and non-U.S. agencies responsible for reimbursement and regulation of healthcare goods and services, including laws and regulations related to kickbacks, false claims, self-referrals and healthcare fraud. U.S. Federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration (including any kickback or bribe), directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing or arranging for a good or service, for which payment may be made in whole or in part under a federal health care program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. Comparable laws and regulations similar to, and in some cases more stringent than, the U.S. federal regulations discussed above and below, including the UK Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ), which prohibits knowingly and willfully (1) executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any health care benefit program, including private payors, or (2) falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items or services. In addition, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, also restricts the use and disclosure of patient identifiable health information, 11 Table of Contents mandates the adoption of standards relating to the privacy and security of patient identifiable health information and requires the reporting of certain security breaches with respect to such information. The False Claims Act, which imposes liability on any person or entity that, among other things, knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment by a federal health care program, knowingly makes, uses or causes to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or knowingly makes a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the U.S. federal government. The Open Payments Act requires manufacturers of medical devices covered under Medicare to, in certain circumstances, record payments and other transfers of value to a broad range of healthcare providers and teaching hospitals and to report this data as well as ownership and investment interests held by the physicians described above and their immediate family members to HHS for subsequent public disclosure, as well as similar reporting requirements in some states and in other countries. For a discussion of risks related to regulation by the FDA and comparable agencies of other countries, and the other regulatory regimes referenced above, please refer to section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors. Data Privacy and Security Laws As a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. In addition to the U.S. HIPAA privacy and security rules mentioned above, which impact some parts of our business, individual states also regulate data breach and security requirements, and multiple governmental bodies assert authority over aspects of the protection of personal privacy. In particular, a broad privacy law in California, the California Consumer Privacy Act ( CCPA ), came into effect in January 2020. The CCPA has some of the same features as the GDPR (discussed below) and has already prompted several other states to follow with similar laws. The EU General Data Protection Regulation that became effective in May 2018 ( GDPR ) has imposed significantly stricter requirements in how we collect, transmit, process, and retain personal data, including, among other things, in certain circumstances a requirement for almost immediate notice of data breaches to supervisory authorities and prompt notice to data subjects with significant fines for non-compliance. Several other countries in which we do business have passed, and other countries are considering passing, laws that require personal data relating to their citizens to be maintained on local servers and impose additional data transfer restrictions. For a discussion of risks related to improper disclosure of private information particularly as a result of cyber security incidents, please refer to section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors. Environmental Health and Safety Laws We are also subject to various environmental health and safety laws and regulations both within and outside the U.S. Like other companies in our industry, our manufacturing and research activities involve the use and transportation of substances regulated under environmental health and safety laws including those relating to the transportation of hazardous materials. Other Laws and Regulations Governing Our Sales, Marketing and Shipping Activities We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and various other similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery acts, which are particularly relevant to our operations in countries where the customers are government entities or are controlled by government officials. Both directly and indirectly through our distributors, we must comply with such laws when interacting with those entities. As Bio-Techne s businesses also include export and import activities, we are subject to pertinent laws enforced by the U.S. Departments of Commerce, State and Treasury. Other nations governments have implemented similar export/import control and economic sanction regulations, which may affect the Company s operations or transactions subject to their jurisdictions. In addition, under U.S. laws and regulations, U.S. companies and their subsidiaries and affiliates outside the United States are prohibited from participating or agreeing to participate in unsanctioned foreign boycotts in connection with certain business activities, including the sale, purchase, transfer, shipping or financing of goods or services within the United States or between the United States and countries outside of the United States. If we, or certain third parties through which we sell or provide goods or services, violate anti-boycott laws and regulations, we may be subject to civil or criminal enforcement action and varying degrees of liability. 12 Table of Contents We are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could cause a reduction in revenue associated with these customers. We have agreements relating to the sale of our products to government entities and, as a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. We are also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. A failure to comply with these regulations could result in suspension of these contracts, criminal, civil and administrative penalties or debarment. For a discussion of risks related to the above-referenced regulations, particularly with respect to our international operations, please refer to section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors. INVESTOR INFORMATION We are subject to the information requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act). Therefore, we file periodic reports, proxy statements, and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. Financial and other information about us is available on our web site (https://investors.bio-techne.com/). We make available on our web site copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material electronically or otherwise furnishing it to the SEC. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT As of the date of this Annual Report, the names, ages, positions and periods of service of each executive officer of the Company are as follows: Name Age Position Officer Since Kim Kelderman 58 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 2018 James Hippel 54 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 2014 William Geist 56 President, Protein Sciences 2022 Matthew McManus 56 President, Diagnostics and Spatial Biology 2024 Shane Bohnen 50 Senior Vice President, General Counsel Corp. Secretary 2023 Set forth below is information regarding the business experience of each executive officer. There are no family relationships among any of the officers named, nor is there any arrangement or understanding pursuant to which any person was selected as an officer. Kim Kelderman was promoted to President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company on February 1, 2024 and has been an executive officer of the Company since joining the Company in 2018. Prior to joining the Company, he served as an executive at Thermo Fisher Scientific and as a Senior Segment Leader at Becton Dickinson. James Hippel has been Chief Financial Officer of the Company since April 1, 2014. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Hippel served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Mirion Technologies, Inc and as Vice President, Finance at Thermo Fisher Scientific, and in financial roles at Honeywell International. Mr. Hippel started his career with KPMG LLP. Matthew McManus joined Bio-Techne on January 8, 2024 as President, Diagnostics and Spatial Biology. Prior to Bio-Techne, Mr. McManus most recently served as Chief Operating Officer for Azenta Life Sciences and served as Chief Executive Officer of Asuragen prior to the Bio-Techne acquisition. William Geist has been President of the Protein Sciences segment since January 3, 2022. Prior to Bio-Techne, Mr. Geist most recently served as Chief Operating Officer for Quanterix, and before that in senior management roles at Thermo Fisher Scientific and QuantaBiosciences, a QIAGEN company. Shane Bohnen was promoted to General Counsel and Corporate Secretary on March 3, 2023, and has been an attorney on the Company s legal team since July 2019. Prior to joining Bio-Techne, Mr. Bohnen spent 10 years in private practice as a life sciences litigator, followed by seven years as in-house corporate counsel with an expansive breadth of responsibility and global scope. 13 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Set forth below are risks and uncertainties we believe are material to our investors. You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements in the section titled Information Relating to Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Economic and Industry Risks Conditions in the global economy, the particular markets we serve and the financial markets, whether brought about by material global crises or other factors, may adversely affect our business and financial results. Our business is sensitive to global economic conditions. Slower economic growth in the domestic or international markets, inflation, recession, volatility in the credit and currency markets, high levels of unemployment or underemployment, labor availability constraints, public health crises, changes or anticipation of potential changes in government trade, fiscal, tax or monetary policies, government budget dynamics (particularly in the healthcare and scientific research areas), and other challenges in the global economy have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, the Company and its distributors, customers, and suppliers. Without limiting the foregoing, we have experienced and/or may in the future experience: adverse impacts on customer orders and purchases and unpredictable reductions in demand for many of our products; constraints on the movement of our products through the supply chain, which can disrupt our ability to produce or deliver our products; adverse impacts on our collections of accounts receivable, including delays in collections and increases in uncollectible receivables, as well as the risk of excess or obsolete inventory; price increases in our raw materials and capital equipment, as well as increasing price competition in our markets; adverse impacts on our workforce and/or key employees; increased risk that counterparties to our contractual arrangements will become insolvent or otherwise unable to fulfill their contractual obligations which, in addition to increasing the risks identified above, could result in preference actions against us; and adverse impact to the sizes and growth rates of the markets we serve. If growth in the global economy or in any of the markets we serve slows for a significant period, if there is significant deterioration in the global economy or such markets or if improvements in the global economy do not benefit the markets we serve, our business and financial results can be adversely affected. International political, compliance and business factors, including the military conflict in Ukraine, Israel s conflict in Gaza, and trade tensions between the U.S. and China, can negatively impact our operations and financial results. We engage in business globally, with approximately 44% of our sales revenue in fiscal 2025 coming from outside the U.S. Changes, potential changes or uncertainties in social, political, regulatory, and economic conditions or laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, and development and investment in the territories and countries where we or our customers operate, or governing the health care system, can adversely affect our business and financial results. For example, Congress and the U.S. administration have sought to impose changes to healthcare in the United States, including government negotiation/regulation of drug prices paid by government programs. Such impacts could negatively impact certain markets we serve, resulting in an adverse impact on our sales revenue. 14 Table of Contents Political and military conflicts may disrupt our business or negatively impact global economic or business conditions. For example, Russia s military invasion of Ukraine, and the response by the US and European countries to that invasion, have caused severe political, humanitarian and economic crises, not only in Europe but globally. Restrictions on trade, particularly involving certain foods and energy supplies, have increased prices, led to widespread inflation and otherwise aggravated economic challenges. While we have not historically had significant business in either Russia, Ukraine, or Israel, the broader impact of the conflict could negatively impact our operations and financial results. One of our strategies is to expand geographically, particularly in China, India and in developing countries, both through distribution and through direct operations. This subjects us to a number of risks, including international economic, political, and labor conditions; currency fluctuations; tax laws (including U.S. taxes on foreign subsidiaries); increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; unexpected changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements; failure of laws to protect intellectual property rights adequately; inadequate local infrastructure and difficulties in managing and staffing international operations; delays resulting from difficulty in obtaining export licenses for certain technology; tariffs, quotas and other trade barriers and restrictions; transportation delays; operating in locations with a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices; and other factors beyond our control, including terrorism, war, natural disasters, climate change and diseases. In addition, geopolitical tensions with these countries could exacerbate these risks. The application of laws and regulations impacting global transactions is often unclear and may at times conflict. Compliance with these laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in our business practices that result in reduced revenue and profitability. Non-compliance could also result in fines, damages, criminal sanctions, prohibited business conduct, and damage to our reputation. We incur additional legal compliance costs associated with our global operations and could become subject to legal penalties in foreign countries if we do not comply with local laws and regulations, which may be substantially different from those in the U.S. We continue to expand our operations in countries with developing economies, where it may be common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by U.S. regulations applicable to the Company, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Although we implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors, and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain aspects of our business operations, including those based in foreign countries where practices which violate such U.S. laws may be customary, will comply with our internal policies. Any such non-compliance, even if prohibited by our internal policies, could have an adverse effect on our business and result in significant fines or penalties. The healthcare and life sciences industries that we serve face constant pressures and changes in an effort to reduce healthcare costs or increase their predictability, all of which may adversely affect our business and financial results. Our Protein Sciences segment products are sold primarily to research scientists at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and at university and government research institutions. Research and development spending by our customers and the availability of government research funding can fluctuate due to changes in available resources, mergers of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, spending priorities, general economic conditions and institutional and governmental budgetary policies. 15 Table of Contents Our Diagnostics and Spatial Biology segment products include applications in the medical diagnostics market, which relies largely on government healthcare-related policies and funding. Changes in government reimbursement for certain diagnostic tests or reductions in overall healthcare spending could negatively impact us directly or our customers and, correspondingly, our sales to them. For example, our Exosome Diagnostics business develops and sells novel exosome-based diagnostic tests. While we received public payer coverage for certain indications, we have also sought expanded coverage from public payors as well as coverage decisions regarding reimbursement from additional private payers. The process and timeline for obtaining coverage decisions is uncertain and difficult to predict, and reimbursement reductions due to changes in policy regarding coverage of tests or other requirements for payment (such as prior authorization, diagnosis code and other claims edits, or a physician or qualified practitioner s signature on test requisitions) may be implemented from time to time. Additionally, the U.S. government s plans to manage prescription drug prices, as well as its recently announced intention to regulate lab developed tests, may impact the customers and industries we serve by increasing the cost of commercializing and/or limiting the profitability of commercialized products. Payor actions and changes may have a material adverse effect on revenue and earnings associated with our diagnostics products and services. Acquisition and Investment Risks Our inability to complete acquisitions at our historical rate and at appropriate prices, and to make appropriate investments that support our long-term strategy, could negatively impact our growth rate and stock price . One of our key strategies is growth through acquisition of other businesses and assets. Our ability to grow revenues, earnings and cash flow at or above our historic rates depends in part upon our ability to identify and successfully acquire and integrate businesses at appropriate prices and realize anticipated synergies, and to make appropriate investments that support our long-term strategy. We may not be able to consummate acquisitions at rates similar to the past, which could adversely impact our growth rate and our stock price. Promising acquisitions and investments are difficult to identify and complete for a number of reasons, including high valuations, competition among prospective buyers or investors, the availability of affordable funding in the capital markets and the need to satisfy applicable closing conditions and obtain applicable antitrust and other regulatory approvals on acceptable terms. Changes in accounting or regulatory requirements or instability in the credit markets could also adversely impact our ability to consummate acquisitions and investments. Our acquisition of businesses, investments, joint ventures and other strategic relationships, if not properly implemented or integrated, could negatively impact our business and financial results. As part of our business strategy, we acquire businesses, make investments and enter into joint ventures and other strategic relationships in the ordinary course of business, and we also from time to time complete more significant transactions. At the beginning of this fiscal year, we invested in Spear Bio and at the beginning of fiscal year 2024 we completed the acquisition of Lunaphore, a leading developer of fully automated spatial biology solutions. Bio-Techne also obtained a 19.9% ownership stake in Wilson Wolf and will acquire the remaining ownership no later than the end of calendar year 2027. We have also continued participating in our collaborative marketing venture, ScaleReady LLC, with Wilson Wolf and another partner, which addresses the needs of the rapidly expanding cell and gene therapy market. While we believe these business ventures will advance our business strategies and support our growth plans, we may not be successful in managing or integrating them into our Company. Acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and strategic relationships involve a number of additional financial, accounting, managerial, operational, legal, compliance and other risks and challenges, including but not limited to the following, any of which could adversely affect our business and our financial results: businesses, technologies, services and products that we acquire or invest in sometimes under-perform relative to our expectations and the price that we paid, fail to perform in accordance with our anticipated timetable or fail to achieve and/or sustain profitability; we from time to time incur or assume debt in connection with our acquisitions and investments, which can result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense and diminish our future access to the capital markets; acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships can cause our financial results to differ from our own or the investment community s expectations in any given period, or over the long-term; 16 Table of Contents acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships can create demands on our management, operational resources and financial and internal control systems that we may be unable to effectively address; we can experience difficulty in integrating cultures, personnel, operations and financial and other controls and systems and retaining key employees and customers; we may be unable to achieve cost savings or other synergies anticipated in connection with an acquisition, investment, joint venture or strategic relationship; we have assumed and may assume unknown liabilities, known contingent liabilities that become realized, known liabilities that prove greater than anticipated, internal control deficiencies or exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from the acquired company s or investee s activities and the realization of any of these liabilities or deficiencies can increase our expenses, adversely affect our financial position or cause us to fail to meet our public financial reporting obligations; in connection with acquisitions and joint ventures, we often enter into post-closing financial arrangements such as purchase price adjustments, earn-out obligations and indemnification obligations, which can have unpredictable financial results; and investing in or making loans to early-stage companies often entails a high degree of risk, and we may not always achieve the strategic, technological, financial or commercial benefits we anticipate; we may lose our investment or fail to recoup our loan; or our investment may be illiquid for a greater-than-expected period of time. We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill and other amortizable intangible assets or other investments become impaired, which could negatively impact our financial results or stock price. We are required under generally accepted accounting principles to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and to review our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets, and other assets acquired through merger and acquisition activity for impairment when events or changes in circumstance indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that could lead to impairment of goodwill, amortizable intangible assets, and other assets acquired via acquisitions include significant adverse changes in the business climate and actual or projected operating results (affecting our Company as a whole or affecting any particular segment) and declines in the financial condition of our business. We may be required in the future to record additional charges to earnings if our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets or other investments become impaired. Any such charge would adversely impact our financial results. In addition, the Company s expansion strategies include collaborations and investments in joint ventures and companies developing new products related to the Company s business. These strategies carry risks that objectives will not be achieved and future earnings will be adversely affected. Strategic and Operational Risks Our success will be dependent on recruiting and retaining highly qualified and diverse personnel and creating and maintaining a culture that successfully integrates the employees joining through acquisitions. Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, production, sales and marketing, and management personnel representing diverse backgrounds, experiences and skill sets are critical to our success. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our businesses, particularly in the areas of science and technology, is extremely competitive. While retention improved in fiscal 2025, a number of our businesses and departments continued to face recruitment and retention challenges, and faced labor availability constraints and inflationary costs. Our growth by acquisition also creates challenges in retaining employees. As we integrate past and future acquisitions and evolve our corporate culture to incorporate new workforces, some employees may not find such integration or cultural changes appealing. The failure to attract and retain such personnel could adversely affect our business. 17 Table of Contents Our growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization of new and enhanced products and services that meet our customers needs. Our growth can also be negatively impacted if our customers do not grow as anticipated. We generally sell our products and services in industries that are characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions and new market entrants and competitors. If we do not develop innovative new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis, our offerings will become obsolete over time and our business and financial results will suffer. Our success will depend on several factors, including our ability to: correctly identify and/or predict customer needs and preferences; allocate our research funding to products with higher growth prospects; anticipate and respond to our competitors development of new products and technological innovations; differentiate our offerings from our competitors offerings and avoid our products from becoming commodities; innovate and develop new technologies and applications, and acquire or obtain rights to third-party technologies that may have valuable applications in the markets we serve; obtain adequate intellectual property rights with respect to key technologies; successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner, price them competitively and cost-effectively manufacture and deliver sufficient volumes of new products of appropriate quality on time; obtain necessary regulatory approvals of appropriate scope (including with respect to certain diagnostic medical device products by demonstrating satisfactory clinical results where applicable, as well as achieving third-party reimbursement); and stimulate customer demand for and convince customers to adopt new technologies. If we fail to accurately predict future customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest heavily in research and development of products that do not lead to significant revenue, which would adversely affect our business and financial results. Even when we successfully innovate and develop new and enhanced products, we often incur substantial costs in doing so, and our profitability may suffer. We face intense competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share or need to reduce prices to remain competitive. We face intense competition across most of our product lines. Competitors include companies ranging from start-up companies, which may be able to more quickly respond to customers needs, to large multinational companies, which may have greater financial, marketing, operational, and research and development resources than us. In addition, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostics industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on us. Moreover, customers may believe that consolidated businesses are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. The entry into the market by manufacturers in countries in Asia and other low-cost manufacturing locations is also creating increased pricing and competitive pressures, particularly in developing markets. In order to compete effectively, we must retain longstanding relationships with major customers and continue to grow our business by establishing relationships with new customers, continually developing new products and services to maintain and expand our brand recognition and leadership position in various product and service categories and penetrating new markets, including high-growth markets. Our ability to compete can also be impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements (for example increased demand for more environmentally-friendly products and supplier practices). Our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our business and financial results, and our expansion into new markets may result in greater-than-expected risks, liabilities and expenses. 18 Table of Contents A significant disruption in, or breach of security of, our information technology systems or data, or violation of data privacy laws, could result in damage to our reputation, data integrity and/or subject us to costs, fines, or lawsuits under data privacy or other laws or contractual requirements. The integrity and protection of our own data, and that of our customers and employees, is critical to our business. We rely on information technology systems, some of which are provided and/or managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information (including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personally identifiable data relating to employees, customers, other business partners and patients), and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities (such as receiving and fulfilling orders, billing, collecting and making payments, shipping products, providing services and support to customers and fulfilling contractual obligations). These systems, products and services (including those we acquire through business acquisitions) can be damaged, disrupted or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, ransomware, human error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. Attacks can also target hardware, software and information installed, stored or transmitted in our products after such products have been purchased and incorporated into third-party products, facilities or infrastructure. Security breaches of systems provided or enabled by us, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to a vulnerability in our products or services, or security breaches of third party systems we rely on to process, store or transmit electronic information, can result in the misappropriation, destruction or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers, patients or suppliers. These attacks, breaches, misappropriations and other disruptions and damage can interrupt our operations or the operations of our customers and partners, delay production and shipments, result in theft of our and our customers intellectual property and trade secrets, result in disclosure of personally identifiable information, damage customer, patient, business partner and employee relationships and our reputation and result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy laws and increased costs for security and remediation, in each case resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial results. In addition, our information technology systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop or integrate new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving legal and regulatory standards, evolving customer expectations, changes in the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to data and information systems, and the information technology needs associated with our changing products and services. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully maintain, enhance and upgrade our systems as necessary to effectively address these requirements. If we are unable to maintain reliable information technology systems or appropriate controls with respect to global data privacy and security requirements and prevent data breaches, we may suffer regulatory consequences in addition to business consequences. As a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. For example, in the United States, a small number of our businesses are subject to HIPAA. Entities that violate HIPAA due to a breach of unsecured patient health information, or that arise from a complaint about privacy practices or an audit by the HHS, may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative fines and penalties and/or additional reporting and oversight obligations if required to enter into a resolution agreement and corrective action plan with HHS to settle allegations of HIPAA non-compliance. Individual states regulate data breach and security requirements, and multiple governmental bodies assert authority over aspects of the protection of personal privacy. Most notably, in the last several years, some states, including California, Virginia, Utah, Colorado and Connecticut, have passed broad privacy legislation that could result in more material impacts as implementing regulations are issued. European laws require us to have an approved legal mechanism to transfer personal data out of Europe. Failure to comply with the requirements of GDPR and the applicable national data protection laws of the EU member states may result in fines of up to 20 million or up to 4% of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher, and other administrative penalties. Several other countries such as China and Russia have passed, and other countries are considering passing, laws that require personal data relating to their citizens to be maintained on local servers and impose additional data transfer restrictions. Government enforcement actions can be costly and interrupt the regular operation of our business, and data breaches or violations of data privacy laws can result in fines, reputational damage and civil lawsuits, any of which may adversely affect our business, reputation and financial results. 19 Table of Contents If we suffer loss to our supply chains, distribution systems or information technology systems due to catastrophe or other events, our operations could be seriously harmed. Our supply chains, distribution systems and information technology systems may be subject to catastrophic loss due to fire, flood, earthquake, hurricane, power shortage or outage, public health crisis (including epidemics and pandemics) and the reaction thereto, war, terrorism, riot or other man-made or natural disasters. If any of these supply chains or systems were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in defective products or services, diminish demand, damage customer relationships and our reputation and result in legal exposure and significant repair or replacement expenses. The third-party insurance coverage that we maintain varies from time to time in both type and amount depending on cost, availability and our decisions regarding risk retention, and may be unavailable or insufficient to protect us against such losses. The manufacture of many of our products is a complex process, and if we directly or indirectly encounter problems manufacturing products, our business and financial results could suffer. The manufacture of many of our products is a complex process, due in part to strict regulatory requirements for some of our products. Problems can arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with reliable sourcing of raw materials or components, natural disasters and environmental factors, and, if not discovered before the product is released to market, can result in recalls and product liability exposure. Because of the quality requirements of some of our customers as well as stringent regulations of the FDA and similar agencies regarding the manufacture of certain of our products, alternative manufacturing or sourcing is not always available on a timely basis to replace such production capacity. Any of these manufacturing problems could result in significant adverse impacts to our business and financial results. If we cannot adjust our manufacturing capacity or the purchases required for our manufacturing activities to reflect changes in market conditions or customer demand, our business and financial results may suffer. In addition, our reliance upon sole or limited sources of supply for certain materials, components and services can cause production interruptions, delays and inefficiencies. We purchase materials, components and equipment from third parties for use in many of our manufacturing operations. Our profitability could be adversely impacted if we are unable to adjust our purchases to reflect changes in customer demand and market fluctuations, including those caused by seasonality or cyclicality. During a market upturn, suppliers from time to time extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices. If we cannot purchase sufficient products at competitive prices and quality and on a timely enough basis to meet increasing demand, we may not be able to satisfy market demand, product shipments may be delayed, our costs may increase, or we may breach our contractual commitments and incur liabilities. Conversely, in order to secure supplies for the production of products, we sometimes enter into noncancelable purchase commitments with vendors, which can impact our ability to adjust our inventory to reflect declining market demands. If demand for our products is less than we expect, we may experience additional excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional charges and our business and financial results may suffer. In addition, some of our businesses purchase certain materials from sole or limited source suppliers for reasons of quality assurance, regulatory requirements, cost effectiveness, availability or uniqueness of design. If these or other suppliers encounter financial, operating or other difficulties or if our relationship with them changes, we might not be able to quickly establish or qualify replacement sources of supply. The supply chains for our businesses can also be disrupted by supplier capacity constraints, bankruptcy or exiting of the business for other reasons, decreased availability of key raw materials or commodities and external events such as natural disasters, pandemic health issues, war, terrorist actions, governmental actions (such as trade protectionism) and legislative or regulatory changes. Any of these factors can result in production interruptions, delays, extended lead times and inefficiencies. Because we cannot always immediately adapt our production capacity and related cost structures to changing market conditions, at times our manufacturing capacity may exceed or fall short of our production requirements. Any or all of these problems can result in the loss of customers, provide an opportunity for competing products to gain market acceptance and otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results. 20 Table of Contents The Company relies heavily on internal manufacturing and related operations to produce, package and distribute its products which, if disrupted, could materially impair our business operations. Our business could be adversely affected by disruptions at our sites. The Company s internal quality control, packaging and distribution operations support the majority of the Company s sales. Since certain Company products must comply with FDA regulations and because in all instances, the Company creates value for its customers through the development of high-quality products, any significant decline in quality or disruption of operations for any reason could adversely affect sales and customer relationships, and therefore adversely affect the business. While we have taken certain steps to manage these operational risks, the Company s future sales growth and earnings may be adversely affected by perceived disruption risks or actual disruptions. We rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce many of the products we sell and our warehouse facilities to store products, pending sale. Any significant disruption of those operations for any reason, such as strikes or other labor unrest, power interruptions, fire, hurricanes or other events beyond our control could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships and therefore adversely affect our business. We have significant operations in California, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. Although most of our raw materials are available from a number of potential suppliers, our operations also depend upon our ability to obtain raw materials at reasonable prices. If we are unable to obtain the materials we need at a reasonable price, we may not be able to produce certain of our products or we may not be able to produce certain of these products at a marketable price, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Climate change and/or related environmental risks, or legal or regulatory measures to address climate change and/or related environmental risks, may negatively affect us. Climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could present risks to our operations. For example, we have significant operations in California, where serious drought has made water less available and more costly and has increased the risk of wildfires. Changes in climate patterns leading to extreme heat waves or unusual cold weather at some of our locations can lead to increased energy usage and costs, or otherwise adversely impact our facilities and operations and disrupt our supply chains and distribution systems. Concern over climate change can also result in new or additional legal or regulatory requirements designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment. Any such new or additional legal or regulatory requirements may increase the costs associated with, or disrupt, sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of our products, which may adversely affect our business and financial results. In addition, any failure to adequately address stakeholder expectations with respect to environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) matters may result in the loss of business, adverse reputational impacts, diluted market valuations and challenges in attracting and retaining customers and talented employees. In addition, our adoption of certain standards or mandated compliance to certain requirements could necessitate additional investments that could impact our profitability. Defects, unanticipated use of, or inadequate disclosure with respect to our products, or allegations thereof, can adversely affect our business and financial results. Certain of our products and services are sold for use in diagnostics. For those products and services in particular, manufacturing or design defects in, unanticipated use of, safety or quality issues (or the perception of such issues) with respect to, off label use of, or inadequate disclosure of risks relating to the use of products and services that we make or sell (including items that we source from third-parties) can lead to personal injury, death, and/or property damage and adversely affect our business and financial results. These events can lead to recalls or safety alerts, result in the removal of a product or service from the market and result in product liability or similar claims being brought against us. Recalls, removals and product liability and similar claims (regardless of their validity or ultimate outcome) result in significant costs, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products and services. Our business can also be affected by studies of the utilization, safety and efficacy of medical device products and components that are conducted by industry participants, government agencies and others. Any of the above can result in the discontinuation of marketing of such products in one or more countries and give rise to claims for damages from persons who believe they have been injured as a result of product issues, including claims by individuals or groups seeking to represent a class. 21 Table of Contents Because we rely heavily on third-party package-delivery services, a significant disruption in these services or significant increases in prices may disrupt our ability to ship products, increase our costs and lower our profitability. Most of our reagent products need to be stored and shipped at certain cold temperatures. Consequently, we ship a significant portion of our products to our customers by express mail or air delivery through package delivery companies, such as FedEx in the U.S. and DHL in Europe. If one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to experience a major work stoppage, preventing our products from being delivered in a timely fashion or causing us to incur additional shipping costs we could not pass on to our customers, our costs could increase and our relationships with certain of our customers could be adversely affected. In addition, if one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to increase prices, and we were not able to find comparable alternatives or make adjustments in our delivery network, our profitability could be adversely affected. Intellectual Property Risks We are dependent on maintaining our intellectual property rights. If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property, or if third parties infringe our intellectual property rights, we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our rights. Many of the markets we serve are technology-driven, and as a result intellectual property rights play a significant role in product development and differentiation. We own numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual property and licenses to intellectual property owned by others, which in aggregate are important to our business. The intellectual property rights that we obtain, however, are not always sufficiently broad and do not always provide us a significant competitive advantage, and patents may not be issued for pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed to us. In addition, the steps that we and our licensors have taken to maintain and protect our intellectual property do not always prevent it from being challenged, invalidated, circumvented, designed around or becoming subject to compulsory licensing. In some circumstances, enforcement is not available to us because an infringer has a dominant intellectual property position or for other business reasons. We also rely on nondisclosure and noncompetition agreements with employees, consultants and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary rights. There can be no assurance that these agreements adequately protect our trade secrets and other proprietary rights and will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or other proprietary rights. These risks are particularly pronounced in countries in which we do business that do not have levels of protection of corporate proprietary information, intellectual property, technology and other assets comparable to the United States. We operate globally, with manufacturing operations in Canada, Switzerland, China and the UK, and approximately 44% of our revenue in fiscal 2025 was from outside the United States. The laws, regulations and enforcement mechanisms in other countries may in some cases be less protective of our intellectual property rights. Our failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights that convey competitive advantage, adequately protect our intellectual property or detect or prevent circumvention or unauthorized use of such property and the cost of enforcing our intellectual property rights can adversely impact our business and financial results. We may be involved in disputes to determine the scope, coverage and validity of others proprietary rights, or to defend against third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, any of which could be time-intensive and costly and may adversely impact our business. Our success depends in part on our ability to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others, and to obtain licenses where necessary or appropriate. We have obtained and continue to negotiate licenses to produce a number of products claimed to be owned by others. Since we have not conducted a patent infringement study for each of our products, it is possible that some of our products may unintentionally infringe patents of third parties. We have been and may in the future be sued by third parties alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. These lawsuits are expensive, take significant time, and divert management s focus from other business concerns. If we are found to be infringing the intellectual property of others, we could be required to cease certain activities, alter 22 Table of Contents our products or processes or pay licensing fees. This could cause unexpected costs and delays which may have a material adverse effect on us. If we are unable to obtain a required license on acceptable terms, or unable to design around any third party patent, we may be unable to sell some of our products and services, which could result in reduced revenue. In addition, if we do not prevail, a court may find damages or award other remedies in favor of the opposing party in any of these suits, which may adversely affect our earnings. Financial and Tax Risks We have entered into and drawn on a revolving credit facility, and we may incur additional debt in the future. The burden of this additional debt could adversely affect us, make us more vulnerable to adverse economic or industry conditions, and prevent us from funding our expansion strategy. We currently have a Credit Agreement that provides for a revolving credit facility of $1 billion, which can be increased by an additional $400 million subject to certain conditions. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a variable rate. As of August 16, 2025, the Company had drawn $313 million under the Credit Agreement. The terms of the Credit Agreement and the burden of the indebtedness incurred thereunder could have negative consequences for us, such as: limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund our working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, expansion strategy, or other needs; increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility in planning for, adverse changes in economic, industry and competitive conditions; and increasing our vulnerability to increases in interest rates. The Credit Agreement also contains negative covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. These covenants limit our ability to, among other things, sell, lease or transfer any properties or assets, with certain exceptions; and enter into certain merger, consolidation or other reorganization transactions, with certain exceptions. A breach of any of these covenants could result in an event of default under our credit facility. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lender could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under such facility to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. In addition, the Company would be subject to additional restrictions if an event of default exists under the Credit Agreement, such as a prohibition on the payment of cash dividends. Our business and financial results can be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our tax rates and tax liabilities and assessments (including as a result of changes in tax laws). International markets contribute a substantial portion of our revenues, and we intend to continue expanding our presence in these regions. The exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates takes on different forms. International revenues and costs are subject to the risk that fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our reported revenues and profitability when translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. These fluctuations could also adversely affect the demand for products and services provided by us. As a multinational corporation, our businesses occasionally invoice third-party customers in currencies other than the one in which they primarily do business (the "functional currency"). Movements in the invoiced currency relative to the functional currency could adversely impact our cash flows and our results of operations. As our international sales grow, exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates could have a larger effect on our financial results. In fiscal 2025, currency translation had a favorable effect of approximately $3 million on revenues due to the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies in which the Company sells products and services. 23 Table of Contents As a global company, we are subject to taxation in numerous countries, states and other jurisdictions. In particular, we are affected by the impact of changes to tax laws or related authoritative interpretations in the United States. We anticipate that there may be additional impact to us in the future from the One Big Beautiful Bill Act. In preparing our financial results, we record the amount of tax that is payable in each of the countries, states and other jurisdictions in which we operate. Our future effective tax rate, however, may be lower or higher than experienced in the past due to numerous factors, including a change in the mix of our profitability from country to country, changes in accounting for income taxes and recently enacted and future changes in tax laws in jurisdictions in which we operate. Any of these factors could cause us to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or our current expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. Dividends on our common stock could be reduced or eliminated in the future. For many years, our Board has declared quarterly dividends. In the future, our Board may reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in order to fund investments for growth, r