=== SO_2026-04-03.htm.gz ===
so-20260402 DEF 14A FALSE 0000092122 iso4217:USD so:percentile 0000092122 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 so:WomackMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 so:FanningMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 so:WomackMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000092122 so:FanningMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000092122 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000092122 so:WomackMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000092122 so:FanningMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000092122 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000092122 so:FanningMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000092122 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000092122 so:FanningMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000092122 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000092122 2023-01-01 2023-05-24 0000092122 2023-05-25 2023-12-31 0000092122 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 so:ChangeInFairValueBasedUponAwardsModifiedDuringYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 so:ChangeInFairValueBasedUponAwardsModifiedDuringYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000092122 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 The Southern Company (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Our Company Over Capabilities in Approximately 46,000 MW 50 States 9 million 30,000 7 of generating capacity Customers Employees Electric natural gas utilities Our Major Subsidiaries 1.6 million electric utility customers 2.8 million electric utility customers 193,000 electric utility customers 12,600 MW of wholesale solar, wind, natural gas and clean alternative technology provider in 15 states 4.4 million natural gas distribution customers across four state-regulated, wholesale and retail energy businesses and gas storage facilities in the U.S. 4 Atlanta Gas Light (GA) 4 Chattanooga Gas (TN) 4 Nicor Gas (IL) 4 Virginia Natural Gas (VA) Wireless communications service A national leader in distributed infrastructure technologies doing business nationwide An innovative leader among the nation s nuclear energy industry Our Values At Southern Company, Our Values establish the foundational behaviors that guide how we work and outline how we make decisions and take actions. Our Values reflect how we lead, engage, collaborate and perform as One Team. Living Our Values is how we make each other better and deliver clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy solutions for our customers and communities. This is what we mean when we say we are bigger than our bottom line. At Southern Company, Our Values will guide us to make every decision, every day, in the right way. Safety First We actively care about the safety and well-being of our employees, customers and communities. Safely approaching every job, every day, always comes first. Intentional Inclusion We are One Team, working to foster a culture of belonging and ensuring our diverse team feels valued. Investing in an equitable culture benefits our employees, customers, communities and stockholders. Act with Integrity We act with honesty, respect and fairness, demonstrating trustworthiness in all we do. We are true to our word and follow through on our commitments. Superior Performance We keep customers at the center of everything that we do, with a focus on continuous improvement. We will continue our strong focus on innovative solutions, improving how we run our business and our commitment to environmental stewardship. Table of Contents Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Southern Company 2 Letter from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 3 Letter from our Independent Directors 4 Company Performance 5 Proxy Voting Roadmap 7 Governance 9 ITEM 1 Election of 1 2 Directors 9 Governance Highlights 9 Board of Director Nominees Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience 10 Board Refreshment, Board Succession Planning and Board Composition 11 Board Nomination Process 12 Director Capacity and Service on Other Boards 13 Director Onboarding and Continuing Education 14 Biographical Information about our Nominees for Director 15 Committees of the Board 21 Board Composition and Structure 23 Board Independence 25 Board and Committee Sel f-Evaluation Process 26 Board and Committee Responsibilities 27 Oversight of Strategy and Risk 27 Engaging with our Stakeholders 31 Director Compensation 34 ITEM 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation (Say on Pay) 36 Letter from the Compensation and Talent Development Committee 37 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 38 Pay for Performance Alignment 38 Executive Compensation Program 40 Compensation Governance 51 Executive Compensation Tables 56 Equity Compensation Plan Information 68 Pay Ratio Disclosure 68 Pay Versus Performance Disclosure 69 Audit Committee Matters 72 Audit Committee Report 72 ITEM 3 Ratify the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 202 6 73 ITEMS 4-7 Approve Four Proposals Amending the Restated Certificate of Incorporation 74 Item 4 Approve an Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Authorize Additional Common Stock 74 Item 5 Approve Amendments to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Authorize the Issuance of Preferred Stock 75 Item 6 Approve an Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Provide for Officer Exculpation 76 Item 7 Approve Miscellaneous Amendments to Modernize, Clarify and Conform the Restated Certificate of Incorporation 77 ITEMS 8- 10 Vote on Three Stockholder Proposal s 79 Stock Ownership Information 85 FAQs about Voting and the Annual Meeting 87 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Information 92 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Look ing Statements 93 Appendix A - Definitions of Key Terms 95 Appendix B - Benefit Plan Summary 96 Appendix C - Common and Preferred Stock Amendments to t he Restated Certificate of Incorporation 99 Appendix D - Officer Exculpation Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation 99 Appendix E - Miscella neous Amendments to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation 101 Southern Company is a holding company that conducts its business through its subsidiaries; accordingly, unless the context otherwise requires, references in this proxy statement to Southern Company s operations, such as generating activities, greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and employment practices, refer to those operations conducted through its subsidiaries. Links to websites included in this proxy statement are provided solely for convenience purposes. Content on the websites, including content on our Company website, is not, and shall not be deemed to be, part of this proxy statement or incorporated herein or into any of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). See Appendix A - Definitions of Key Terms on page 95 for many key terms and acronyms used throughout this proxy statement. Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Southern Company Date and time Wednesday, May 13, 2026 10:00 a.m., ET Record date Stockholders of record at the close of business on March 23, 2026 are entitled to attend and vote at the annual meeting. On that date, there were 1,128,319,825 shares of common stock of Southern Company outstanding and entitled to vote. On April 3, 2026, these proxy materials and our annual report are being mailed or made available to stockholders. Access the Annual Meeting Stockholders may participate in the virtual annual meeting by logging in at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SO2026 . Items of Business Stockholders are being asked to vote on the agenda items described below and to consider any other business properly brought before the 2026 annual meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the meeting. 1 Elect 12 Directors named in this proxy statement 2 Conduct an advisory vote to approve executive compensation, often referred to as a Say on Pay 3 Ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 4-7 Approve amendments to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation 4 Item 4 Approve an amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to authorize additional common stock 4 Item 5 Approve amendments to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to authorize the issuance of preferred stock 4 Item 6 Approve an amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to provide for officer exculpation 4 Item 7 Approve miscellaneous amendments to modernize, clarify and conform the Restated Certificate of Incorporation 8-10 Vote on three stockholder proposals, if each is properly presented at the meeting Every Vote is Important to Southern Company We have created an annual meeting website at southerncompanyannualmeeting.com to make it easy to access our 2026 annual meeting materials. At the annual meeting website, you can find an overview of the items to be voted, the proxy statement and the annual report to read online or to download, as well as a link to vote your shares. Even if you plan to attend the virtual annual meeting, please vote as soon as possible by internet or by telephone or, if you received a paper copy of the proxy form by mail, by signing and returning the proxy form. Vote by mail If you received a paper copy of the proxy form by mail, you can mark, sign, date and return the proxy form in the enclosed, postage-paid envelope. Vote by internet or telephone Voting by internet or by telephone is fast and convenient, and your vote is immediately confirmed and tabulated. Internet www.proxyvote.com (24/7) Telephone 1-800-690-6903 (24/7) By Order of the Board of Directors April 3, 2026 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 13, 2026: The proxy statement and the annual report are available at investor.southerncompany.com . The 2026 annual meeting will be held entirely online via live webcast. This virtual format will provide expanded access to all stockholders, regardless of physical location, and is designed to ensure that stockholders have the same rights and opportunities throughout the virtual meeting as they would at an in-person meeting. Stockholders will be able to participate in the virtual annual meeting, vote and submit questions from any location via the internet by logging in at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SO2026 and entering the 16-digit control number on your proxy card, voting instruction form or Notice of Internet Availability. Stockholders who do not receive a 16-digit control number should consult their voting instruction form or Notice of Internet Availability and may need to obtain a legal proxy in advance of the virtual annual meeting in order to participate. See page 87 for more information about the virtual annual meeting. 2 Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement Letter from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dear Fellow Stockholders: 2025 was an excellent and transformative year for Southern Company. We delivered strong financial results, strengthened our energy portfolio, and continued advancing cutting-edge innovation. Across our service territory, we saw some of the most significant energy demand growth in our history from data centers, advanced manufacturing and continued residential growth. Our teams successfully met the moment. Most importantly, at every turn, we demonstrated our commitment to putting customers first and supporting the communities we are privileged to serve. Keeping Customers at the Center of All We Do For more than 125 years, customers have depended on Southern Company to power their communities, their homes and their businesses. And while our Company has evolved, our number one priority has remained the same: ensuring customers receive clean, safe, reliable and affordable power. Whether it is helping their homes stay warm through the winter or cool in the summer, the simple flip of the light switch or the family dinner coming together, our team is always there to serve the customer first. With this customer-focused mindset, in 2025, we advanced plans to responsibly serve the extraordinary, long-term growth we re projecting to help ensure the benefits of growth are shared by everyone. As we work to add new, critical infrastructure, we have taken concrete steps to maintain predictability, deliver rate stability and drive long-term savings for our customers. Investing for the Future Southern Company s grid is engineered to support significant growth and adapt to a rapidly evolving landscape. To prepare for what s ahead, we plan to invest more than $80 billion over the next five years to continue strengthening the grid, expanding generation and deploying advanced technologies that make our system smarter and more resilient. Across our system, we are modernizing infrastructure and leveraging innovation from advanced forecasting and analytics to next-generation grid technologies. These investments are essential to supporting economic growth, maintaining reliability during peak demand and delivering long-term value for our customers and stockholders. Reliability When It Matters Most In 2025, our ability to offer reliable service was repeatedly put to the test, and we delivered time and time again. In January 2025, Winter Storm Enzo brought record-breaking snowfall and near-record energy demand across our footprint. Despite hazardous conditions, our teams were there to support our communities restoring power for more than 115,000 customers and safely meeting record natural gas demand across multiple states. These efforts earned national recognition, but more importantly, they reflect who we are: a company trusted to deliver when it matters most. Delivering on Our Financial Commitments For the eleventh year in a row, we delivered adjusted earnings performance at the top of or above our annual guidance range. With the significant capital investments we are making and the large load pipeline we have clear visibility into, we see incredible opportunities for growth ahead. Our Commitment in Action Our growth is inseparable from the growth of the communities we serve, and our commitment to these communities goes well beyond the energy solutions we provide. Through philanthropic investments, employee volunteer efforts and economic development initiatives, our operating companies have been helping hometowns across our service footprint grow and prosper. In this watershed moment for the energy industry, Southern Company is leading with purpose delivering energy that is reliable and resilient, while investing in the infrastructure and technologies that will power communities for generations to come. Historic demand requires historic leadership. Our foundation is strong, and our almost 30,000 teammates are committed. Together, we are building the utility of the future, driven by innovation and grounded in what s right for our customers. We hope you will join us at the virtual annual meeting as we discuss our 2025 performance, vote on the matters presented in this proxy statement and address your questions. Your vote is important, and we encourage you to vote as soon as possible. We are grateful for your continued confidence in Southern Company. Christopher C. Womack Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer April 3, 2026 Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Letter from our Independent Directors Dear Fellow Stockholders: As independent Directors, we strive to govern Southern Company in a prudent and transparent manner with a commitment to sound governance principles. Independent Oversight of Strategy, Risk and Opportunity One of our most important responsibilities as independent Directors is to oversee the strategy of our Company and related risks and opportunities. We provide oversight of business strategy throughout the year, with various elements of strategy discussed at every Board meeting. All Board committees are comprised solely of independent Directors and are chaired by independent Directors. We meet regularly, without management present, in executive sessions chaired by our Lead Independent Director. In addition, each of our Board s standing committees meet regularly, without management present, in executive sessions. Our Board s existing Lead Independent Director role, combined with the experience and expertise of our independent Directors and our commitment to robust corporate governance practices, safeguard effective independent oversight of management. We contribute to management s strategic plan by engaging senior leaders in robust discussions about business priorities and long-term opportunities and risks. We devote at least one meeting each year to a deep dive on strategic planning and oversight. These sessions create a dedicated forum for a fluid exchange of viewpoints and ideas on our Company s strategic direction and for identifying and monitoring challenges and opportunities as management executes on strategy. We work closely with management to oversee the significant capital investment necessary to strengthen the grid, expand generation capacity, deploy advanced technologies, modernize infrastructure and leverage innovation. As demand across our service territory grows, our Company remains committed to putting customers first and continuing to deliver clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy. Through prudent investment and steadfast execution, our Company seeks to serve load growth in a way that benefits customers, employees and communities and delivers long-term value to stockholders. Board Composition and Regular Board Refreshment We believe that, as a whole, our Board should have collective qualifications, attributes, skills and experience beneficial to our Company and in line with our long-term strategic plans to facilitate effective, independent oversight on behalf of all stockholders, and that a broad range of experiences and expertise contributes to a more effective decision-making process. The broad range and depth of expertise and experience of our Directors help us to effectively oversee the Company s operations, risks and business strategy and drive long-term value. We aim to strike a balance between the knowledge that comes from longer-term service on the Board and the fresh experiences and ideas that come from adding Directors to our Board. Since 2023, five new independent Directors have joined our Board, bringing additional perspectives, skills, experiences and expertise. We continue to focus on aligning our long-term composition with the Company's long-term strategy to effect meaningful board succession planning. Thank you for the trust you place in us. By helping management address priorities and challenges while maintaining a long-term outlook, we are best able to support our common goal of creating enduring long-term value for customers, employees and stockholders alike. We are grateful for the opportunity to serve Southern Company on your behalf. Dr. Janaki Akella Shantella E. Cooper Anthony F. Earley, Jr. James O. Etheredge David J. Grain Donald M. James John D. Johns Dr. Dale E. Klein David E. Meador William G. Smith, Jr. Kristine L. Svinicki Lizanne Thomas John M. Turner, Jr. 4 Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement Company Performance We are one of America s premier energy companies, dedicated to delivering clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy to our electric and natural gas customers through our state-regulated utilities. Our strategy is to maximize long-term value to stockholders through a customer-, community- and relationship-focused business model that is designed to produce sustainable levels of return on energy infrastructure. 2025 Highlights Earnings per share ($) Dividends per share $3.94 Reported $4.30 Adjusted 1 10% Sales growth forecasted annually through 2030 24 consecutive years of dividend increases 2026 World's Most Admired Companies FORTUNE Magazine (No. 1 Electric and Gas Utility) 1 For reconciliation of adjusted EPS to EPS under GAAP, see page 92 . 2 Bloomberg using quarterly compounding as of December 31, 2025. Growth Investment Reliability Safety 39,000 New residential electric customers 17% Sales increase to data center customers $81B 5-year capital plan, 95% projected in state-regulated utilities (2026-2030) 2.26% Industry-leading annual equivalent forced outage rate 98.61% Leak response 60 minutes 0.03 Serious injury rate for employees Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Company Performance Company Strategy and Highlights Southern Company and its subsidiaries continue to deliver value for customers by prioritizing financial discipline, strengthening reliability and investing for the future. Through constructive relationships with our regulators and other stakeholders, we are helping customers manage their energy costs by stabilizing rates and promoting the implementation of energy efficiency and smart technologies. We are making strategic investments in grid hardening, advanced analytics and infrastructure upgrades to enhance resilience and reliability, minimize service disruptions and prepare for the impacts of physical events such as extreme weather. We are advancing a diverse mix of innovative, cost effective resources, including battery storage, nuclear uprates, and natural gas, while collaborating with industry partners to accelerate emerging technologies. These efforts are reinforced by a strong focus on workforce development and community support. Prioritizing Customer Value Enhancing Reliability and Resilience 4 Announced customer base rates will be held steady at Alabama Power through 2027 and Georgia Power through 2028 4 Georgia Power announced plans for the next base rate case to place downward pressure on rates, providing benefits of at least $556 million per year , equivalent to $102 in annual savings for the typical residential customer 4 Nicor Gas partnered with Habitat for Humanity to unveil the first home in their Smart Neighborhood, designed to showcase how energy efficiency, renewables and smart technologies help keep energy costs low and improve resilience 4 Alabama Power partnered with E-Source to develop the Reliability Analytics and Monitoring Platform (RAMP) , which provides a comprehensive view of the power grid s performance and pinpoints root causes of reliability issues 4 Georgia Power strengthened the grid in areas previously affected by Hurricane Helene, including hardening of poles and hardware, adding and upgrading reclosing devices, and reconductoring circuits with larger wires 4 Mississippi Power completed the redesign and rebuild of a substation to serve customers in Pascagoula in response to growth and economic development Meeting Projected Growing Demand Leading Industry Innovation 4 Alabama Power announced plans to build the state s first ever utility-scale battery energy storage system , which will store up to 150 MW of electricity 4 Georgia Power received approval from Georgia PSC of 9,900 MW of diverse, cost-effective generation resources , including 3,000 MW of battery storage 4 Nicor Gas announced completion of its second renewable natural gas interconnection with a facility converting landfill gas into pipeline quality renewable natural gas 4 In order to maximize existing generation, Southern Nuclear is evaluating uprates to six nuclear units with Georgia PSC approval received in the 2025 Georgia Power IRP related to two of the units 4 PowerSecure will provide advanced electrical and mechanical systems to Edged Energy's first North American data center designed with sustainability at its core and featuring ultra-low emissions backup generation, energy-efficient technologies and a scalable design 4 Georgia Power and Mitsubishi Power successfully completed the first trial to validate 50% (by volume ratio) hydrogen fuel blending on an advanced-class gas turbine at both partial and full load 4 Southern Nuclear, with Blue Wave AI Labs and Constellation, received the 2025 Global ISOP Innovation Award for AI for the deployment of a nuclear-grade AI application that enables optimized fuel designs and helps lower fuel costs for our customers Advancing Our Workforce Strengthening the Communities We Serve 4 Alabama Power hosted the 6 th Annual Lineworker Career Day event, educating over 200 students from 12 schools on utility linework and career opportunities 4 Virginia Natural Gas opened a new state-of-the-art facility for field training , offering hands-on experience in a controlled environment 4 Mississippi Power established the third Energy Academy to introduce students to energy industry careers including engaging in all aspects of electrical energy with a heavy emphasis on safety 4 Southern Linc integrated disparate radio systems of first responders, law enforcement and government agencies into its CriticalLinc LTE network, creating thousands of miles of unified communications 4 Southern Company Gas and its philanthropic arm, the Southern Company Gas Foundation, awarded more than $11 million in financial gifts in 2025 to over 600 nonprofit organizations in communities across the company's service territory 4 Mississippi Power volunteers removed approximately 26,000 pounds of debris from waterways across southeast Mississippi as part of the Renew Our Rivers program 6 Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement Proxy Voting Roadmap The Board, acting upon the recommendation of the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee, has nominated 12 of the Directors currently serving for re-election to the Southern Company Board of Directors. Each nominee holds or has held senior executive positions, maintains the highest degree of integrity and ethical standards and complements the needs of the Company and the Board. Through their positions, responsibilities, skills and perspectives, which span many industries and organizations, these nominees represent a Board of Directors with a broad range and depth of expertise and experience to effectively oversee the Company's operations, risks and long-term strategy. The Board recommends a vote FOR each nominee for Director Janaki Akella, 65 Independent Former Digital Transformation Leader, Google LLC Director Since: January 2019 Shantella E. Cooper, 58 Independent Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Journey Forward Strategies, LLC Director Since: October 2023 Anthony F. Earley, Jr., 76 Lead Independent Director Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, PG E Corporation (retired) Director Since: January 2019 James O. Etheredge, 62 Independent Managing Director, Monarch Private Capital and former Chief Executive Officer - North America, Accenture plc Director Since: April 2025 David J. Grain, 63 Independent Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Grain Management, LLC Director Since: December 2012 John D. Johns, 74 Independent Senior Advisor, Blackstone Inc. and former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Protective Life Corporation Director Since: February 2015 David E. Meador, 69 Independent Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer, DTE Energy (retired) Director Since: April 2023 William G. Smith, Jr., 72 Independent Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Capital City Bank Group, Inc. Director Since: February 2006 Kristine L. Svinicki, 59 Independent Adjunct Professor, University of Michigan Director Since: October 2021 Lizanne Thomas, 68 Independent Partner, Jones Day (retired) Director Since: April 2023 John M. Turner, Jr., 64 Independent Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Regions Financial Corporation Director Since: September 2025 Christopher C. Womack, 68 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Southern Company Director Since: March 2023 We believe our compensation program provides the appropriate mix of fixed and at-risk compensation. The short- and long-term performance-based compensation program ties executive pay to Company performance, aligns with stockholder interests and is competitive with our industry peers. The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Proxy Voting Roadmap The Audit Committee appointed Deloitte Touche as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. This appointment is being submitted to stockholders for ratification. The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal The Board has proposed and declared advisable, and is recommending to the stockholders, approval of each of the following amendments to the Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Item 4 - Authorize Additional Common Stock An amendment to increase the total number of authorized shares of Common Stock from 1,500,000,000 to 2,500,000,000 Item 5 - Authorize the Issuance of Preferred Stock Amendments to authorize the issuance of preferred stock Item 6 - Provide for Officer Exculpation An amendment to limit the liability of certain officers of the Company as permitted under Delaware General Corporation Law Item 7 - Modernize, Clarify and Conform Changes Miscellaneous amendments to modernize, clarify and conform changes to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation The Board recommends a vote FOR each proposal The following three proposals were submitted by stockholders. If the proponent of each proposal, or the proponent s representative, is present at the annual meeting and presents the proposal for a vote, then the proposal will be voted on at the annual meeting. 4 Independent Board Chairman 4 Report on Data Center Costs 4 Report on Climate Due Diligence The Board recommends a vote AGAINST each proposal 8 Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement Governance The Board, acting upon the recommendation of the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee, has nominated 12 of the Directors currently serving for re-election to the Southern Company Board of Directors. Janaki Akella Shantella E. Cooper Anthony F. Earley, Jr. James O. Etheredge David J. Grain John D. Johns David E. Meador William G. Smith, Jr. Kristine L. Svinicki Lizanne Thomas John M. Turner, Jr. Christopher C. Womack Each nominee, if elected, will serve until the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified. The proxies named on the proxy form will vote each properly executed proxy form for the election of the 12 Director nominees, unless otherwise instructed. If any named nominee becomes unavailable for election, the Board may substitute another nominee. In that event, the proxy would be voted for the substitute nominee unless instructed otherwise on the proxy form. The Board recommends a vote FOR each nominee for Director Governance Highlights We seek to establish corporate governance standards and practices that create long-term value for our stockholders and positive influences on the governance of the Company. Stockholder Empowerment Governance Best Practices 4 All Directors stand for stockholder election annually 4 Majority voting standard in uncontested Director elections 4 Directors not receiving majority support expected to tender their resignation for consideration by the Board 4 Proxy access for stockholders 4 Modernized our Restated Certificate of Incorporation by successfully obtaining stockholder approval in 2025 to reduce the only remaining supermajority vote requirement to a majority vote requirement 4 10% threshold for stockholders to request a special meeting 4 No poison pill 4 Regular Board refreshment with nationally-recognized search firm on retainer 4 Elected two new Directors during 2025 4 Annual Board review of leadership structure and disclosure of the Board s reasoning underlying its leadership structure 4 Annual Board self-assessment facilitated by an independent third party and annual committee self- assessments 4 Regular executive sessions of independent Directors at Board and committee meetings 4 Limits on the number of public company boards on which a Director may serve Stockholder Engagement Independent Board of Directors 4 Year-round stockholder outreach that includes participation of independent Directors, with feedback provided to the Board 4 Key members of senior management regularly attend investor conferences to better understand emerging issues and stockholder perspectives and to facilitate engagement opportunities 4 Process in place for stockholders and interested parties to communicate with Lead Independent Director or other independent Directors 4 11 of our 12 nominees for Director are independent 4 Strong Lead Independent Director with robust authority and responsibility that is disclosed to stockholders 4 All Board committees are comprised of independent Directors and are chaired by independent Directors 4 Actively endeavors to include candidates in the pool that reflect a broad range and depth of expertise and experience relevant to our businesses and strategies Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Governance Board of Director Nominees Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience The Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee establishes and regularly reviews with the Board the qualifications, attributes, skills and experience that it believes are desirable to be represented on the Board to help ensure they align with the Company s long-term strategy. We believe our Directors possess a broad range and depth of expertise and experience to effectively oversee the Company s operations, risks and long-term strategy. This high-level summary is not intended to be an exhaustive list of each Director nominee's skills or contributions to the Board. As a result, the absence of a checkmark does not mean a Director does not necessarily possess that particularly skill or experience. Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience Why they are important to the Company Experience the Committee is looking for Accounting, Finance and Capital Markets Our business is multifaceted and capital intensive, requiring complex financial management, comprehensive internal controls and strategic deployment of capital Accounting and financial reporting, corporate finance, developing financial plans, capital allocation strategies and mergers and acquisitions CEO Experience To achieve our goals and drive organizational effectiveness, our business requires strategic thinking, long-term planning, risk management, effective leadership, thoughtful governance and clear communication Experience as a public company CEO or leading a similarly complex organization with an understanding of corporate governance standards, risk management and public company best practices Customer Experience and Regional Knowledge We work to understand customer expectations in our operating territories and to maintain constructive regulatory relationships with state and local stakeholders Living or working in our electric and/or natural gas service territories with an understanding of the value that we provide to the customers and communities we serve, as well as an understanding of the state and local business landscape Environment As we work to build the future of energy, our operating companies must comply with state and federal environmental regulations, including extensive laws governing air, land and water Environmental or climate policy, risk management, regulation and compliance obligations, as well as an understanding of low-carbon technologies and their associated short- and long-term risks and opportunities Government and Public Policy Our operations are subject to substantial federal, state and local governmental oversight and the success of our business may be impacted by certain regulatory, legal or governmental decisions Working in or with governmental agencies, regulatory affairs or public policy, especially in regulated industries Human Capital Management Our people are at the center of our mission to provide clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy. We are committed to the thoughtful development of our talent and the facilitation of smooth executive transitions to support business continuity Attracting, developing, motivating and retaining a workforce, including building corporate culture, health and safety, labor relations, succession planning and total rewards Industry Experience Providing clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy to our customers requires the operation of complex generation and transmission facilities, including nuclear power plants, extensive health and safety oversight and management of large-scale capital projects Energy or utility industry, including electric and gas utility operations, nuclear operations or industrial health and safety, or overseeing large-scale industrial projects Technology and Innovation We adopt new technologies and leverage innovation to drive efficiency, improve operations and enhance the customer experience, while managing evolving cybersecurity and digital security risks to protect the resilience of our infrastructure and provide reliability for customers Technological innovation and digital technology, including data analytics, artificial intelligence, information technology and digital transformation as well as management of cyber threats, risk mitigation and policy 10 Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement Governance Accounting, Finance and Capital Markets CEO Experience Customer Experience and Regional Knowledge Environment Government and Public Policy Human Capital Management Industry Experience Technology and Innovation Board Refreshment, Board Succession Planning and Board Composition The Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee continues to focus on Board refreshment to align the Board s long-term composition with the Company s long-term strategy and to effect meaningful Board succession planning. It has an evergreen Board search process in place and has retained a nationally-recognized Board search firm to assist in the identification of qualified candidates. The Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee evaluates the evolving attributes, skills, experience, qualifications and expertise needed by the Board to determine the Board s membership and size. Since 2023, the Board has elected six new Directors with a broad range of experience and expertise aligned with the Board's oversight responsibilities. Board Additions in 2025 James O. Etheredge Managing Director, Monarch Private Capital and former Chief Executive Officer - North America, Accenture plc John M. Turner, Jr. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Regions Financial Corporation The Board aims to strike a balance between the knowledge that comes from longer-term service on the Board and the new experience and ideas that come from adding Directors to the Board. The Board believes the average tenure of the 12 Director nominees of approximately six years reflects the balance the Board seeks between the different perspectives brought by longer-serving Directors and new Directors. The Board aims to continue to refresh its membership over time. Our commitment to Our Values, including Intentional Inclusion and Superior Performance, begins with the Board. The Board believes a broad range of experiences and expertise contributes to a more effective decision-making process and helps drive long-term value. The Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee actively seeks out candidates with diverse backgrounds, skills and experience to include in the pool from which the Board nominees are chosen, with the ultimate decision on all Board nominations being based on contributions that the selected nominees will bring to the Board. The Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee assesses the effectiveness of its refreshment efforts and the development of a constructive culture through its regular evaluations of the Board s composition. Director Nominee Attributes Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Governance Board Nomination Process Identifying Nominees for Election to the Board The Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee, comprised entirely of independent Directors, is responsible for identifying, evaluating and recommending nominees for election to the Board. Final selection of the nominees for election to the Board is within the sole discretion of the Board. The Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee also evaluates and makes recommendations about the size of the Board. The Board is currently comprised of 14 members. Two of our currently serving Directors, Mr. James and Dr. Klein, will retire at the upcoming annual meeting. Effective as of the annual meeting, the Board will be reduced to 12 members. The Board believes that, as a whole, it should have collective qualifications, attributes, skills and experience beneficial to our Company and in line with our long-term strategic plans. Mr. Turner was recommended by the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee for election as an independent Director and was elected to the Board effective September 1, 2025. Mr. Turner was identified as a candidate by the CEO and the non-management Directors. 1 Board Succession Planning 4 Evaluate qualifications and skills of Board 4 Identify skills and experience to enhance effectiveness 2 Identification of Candidates by Nomination, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee 4 Evergreen process 4 Assistance from independent search firm 4 Identify qualified candidates based on talent framework 4 Consider personal characteristics and qualifications, including: History of achievement that reflects superior standards Willingness to commit sufficient time Genuine interest in the Company and a recognition that, as a member of the Board, one is accountable to the stockholders of the Company, not to any particular interest group Candidates with diverse backgrounds, skills and experience Highest degree of integrity and ethical standards Independence from management Ability to provide sound and informed judgment Financial literacy Number of other board memberships 3 Meeting with Candidates Interviews with: 4 Chairman and CEO 4 Lead Independent Director 4 Members of Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee 4 All members of the Board All Board members are provided an opportunity to interview selected candidates and provide feedback 4 Decision and Nomination Nomination by Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee and approval by full Board 5 Election Stockholders consider the nominees and elect Directors at the annual meeting to serve one-year terms. The Board may also elect Directors on the recommendation of the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee throughout the year, following the same process, when determined to be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Result We have nominated two new highly qualified Directors in the past year. 12 Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement Governance Stockholder Nomination of Directors Proxy access generally refers to the right of stockholders who meet certain ownership thresholds to nominate one or more Directors to the Board and have the nominees included in the Company s proxy materials and on the Company s proxy card. We have proxy access provisions in our By-Laws. The key terms are as follows: Any stockholder or group of up to 20 stockholders maintaining continuous qualifying ownership of at least 3% of our outstanding shares for at least three years can nominate, and include in our proxy materials, Director nominees constituting the greater of two nominees or 20% (rounded down) of the number of Directors in our proxy materials for the next annual meeting. Nominating stockholder(s) and the nominee(s) must also meet the eligibility requirements described in our By-Laws. Our By-Laws also provide for the direct nomination of Directors for election by stockholders at an annual meeting. For additional information about stockholder nomination of Directors, see page 90 . Stockholder Recommendation of Director Candidates The Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee considers potential board candidates recommended by stockholders. Recommendations can be made by submitting the candidate s information to our Corporate Secretary in writing at Southern Company, 30 Ivan Allen Jr. Boulevard NW, Atlanta, Georgia 30308. Stockholders should provide as much relevant information about the candidate as possible, including the candidate s biographical information and qualifications to serve. A stockholder recommended candidate is reviewed in the same manner as a candidate identified by the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee. Director Capacity and Service on Other Boards In identifying candidates to serve on the Board and in evaluating whether to recommend the re-election of existing Directors, the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee considers whether a candidate or a Director demonstrates a willingness to commit sufficient time to serving on the Board. The Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee is regularly updated on the public company board service limit or overboarding policies of our largest stockholders. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines include limitations on the number of public company boards and public company audit committees on which a Director may serve. 4 No employed Director may serve on more than two public company boards (not including the Company s Board or the director s employing company board) unless otherwise approved by the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee. 4 No Director may serve on more than four public company boards (including the Company s Board), unless otherwise approved by the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee. 4 No Director who is a member of the Company s Audit Committee may serve on the audit committees of more than three public companies (including the Company s Audit Committee). In addition to these limitations, our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that the Company s CEO will not serve on other public company boards without consulting with the Board. They also require that current Directors must notify the CEO and the Chair of the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee when considering a request for service on another public company board. Each of the Directors is in full compliance with these Corporate Governance Guidelines. In light of this, as part of its annual evaluation on whether to recommend the re-election of existing Directors, the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee is provided information on the public company boards and private company for-profit boards on which each Director serves, including compliance with the specific numerical guidelines above, as well as the Directors attendance records at Southern s Board and committee meetings. In 2025, all Directors attended at least 75% of applicable Board and committee meetings, with the average Director attendance at all applicable Board and committee meetings at 97%. These factors also influence the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee s annual consideration of Board leaderships positions, committee leadership positions and committee membership. Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Governance Majority Voting For Directors and Director Resignation Policy We have a majority vote standard for Director elections, which requires that a nominee for Director in an uncontested election receive a majority of the votes cast at a stockholder meeting in order to be elected to the Board. The Board believes that the majority vote standard in uncontested Director elections strengthens the Director nomination process and enhances Director accountability. We also have a Director resignation policy, which expects any nominee for election as a Director who fails to receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast in an uncontested election at a meeting of the stockholders to promptly tender a letter of resignation. Such resignation would be considered by the Board and the Board would be required to either accept or reject such resignation within 90 days from the certification of the election results. Director Onboarding and Continuing Education Our Director onboarding process helps to facilitate a smooth and efficient transition for newly elected Directors. Following a Director's election to the Board, new Directors actively participate in a tailored orientation experience conducted over the first year of service to facilitate their understanding of our business strategy and related risks and opportunities for our Company. The onboarding process is coordinated by the Chief Legal Officer and includes written materials providing information about the Company and its governance documents and processes, as well as a series of meetings with senior executives responsible for the Company's major lines of business and operations. The orientation also includes site visits so that new Directors can learn directly from our subject matter experts. Through the onboarding process, Directors learn about our corporate governance practices and policies; the financial and technical aspects of our electric utility and natural gas operations, including our nuclear generation facilities; the complex regulatory frameworks in which many of our major subsidiaries operate; our enterprise risk management process and the significant risks facing the Company; and our long-term strategy to deliver clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy to our electric and natural gas customers. New Directors are encouraged to attend all committee meetings for a period of time to familiarize themselves with the types of matters reported on during each committee's meeting. Directors continue their education throughout their tenure on the Board. Board and committee meetings include briefings and presentations on a range of topics by internal experts and outside speakers. Directors receive a weekly email noting key industry and Company developments, as well as a list of relevant news articles. In addition, Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous director education opportunities. On a periodic basis, we provide Directors with suggested educational courses on topics including emerging governance issues, compliance and ethics matters, financial and risk oversight and industry-specific subjects. To facilitate ongoing education by our Directors, we pay the costs for registration, tuition and related travel and lodging expenses. Communicating with The Board We encourage stockholders or interested parties to communicate directly with the Board, the independent Directors or the individual Directors, including the Lead Independent Director. 4 Communications may be sent to the Board as a whole, to the independent Directors or to specified Directors, including the Lead Independent Director, by regular mail or electronic mail. 4 Regular mail should be sent to our principal executive offices, to the attention of the Corporate Secretary, Southern Company, 30 Ivan Allen Jr. Boulevard NW, Atlanta, Georgia 30308. 4 Electronic mail should be directed to corpgov@southernco.com . Stockholders may also contact the Board using the online form located in the Corporate Governance section of our website at investor.southerncompany.com . With the exception of commercial solicitations, all communications directed to the Board or to specified Directors will be relayed to them. Meetings and Attendance The Board met eight times in 2025. All of our Directors attended at least 75% of applicable Board and committee meetings in 2025. Our Directors are engaged, as demonstrated by the average Director attendance at all applicable Board and committee meetings in 2025 of 97%. All Director nominees are expected to participate in the annual meeting of stockholders. All nominees for Director at the 2025 annual meeting attended the meeting. 14 Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement Governance Biographical Information about our Nominees for Director Janaki Akella Former Digital Transformation Leader, Google LLC Age: 65 Director since: January 2019 Board committees: Audit; Business Security and Resiliency (Chair) Other public company directorships: Akamai Technologies, Inc., SLM Corporation and Fractal Analytics Limited Director Highlights Dr. Akella s qualifications include electrical engineering experience and knowledge, global business technology, data and analytics expertise and cybersecurity and artificial intelligence matters knowledge. Her understanding and involvement with technology market disruptions is particularly valuable to the Board as the Southern Company system continues to develop innovative business strategies. 4 Dr. Akella served as the Digital Transformation Leader of Google LLC, a multinational technology company specializing in internet-related products, from 2017 until March 2023. At Google, Dr. Akella addressed challenges and complex technical issues arising from new technologies and new business models. 4 Prior to joining Google, Dr. Akella held a number of leadership positions during a 17-year career at McKinsey Company, where she most recently served as principal. She led and contributed to over 100 consulting engagements in North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America with multiple project teams and client executives. She began her career with Hewlett-Packard as a member of the system technology technical staff, engineer scientist and technical contributor. 4 She serves on the Boards of Akamai Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: AKAM), a cybersecurity and cloud computing company that powers and protects businesses online, where she is a member of the Audit and Finance Committees, and SLM Corporation (NASDAQ: SLM), commonly known as Sallie Mae, where she is a member of the Audit and Operational and Compliance Risk Committees. She also serves on the Board of Fractal Analytics Limited, a global enterprise artificial intelligence company that is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Exchange of India, where she is a member of the Audit, Nomination and Remuneration, Risk Management and Stakeholder's Relationship Committees. 4 Dr. Akella serves on the Board of averQ, Inc., a private company that provides risk management platforms to regulated financial services companies. Shantella E. Cooper Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Journey Forward Strategies, LLC Age: 58 Director since: October 2023 Board committees: Business Security and Resiliency; Compensation and Talent Development; Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Other public company directorships: Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. and SouthState Corporation Director Highlights Ms. Cooper s qualifications include more than 30 years of talent development and executive leadership experience working with Fortune 500 corporations, private companies and the non-profit sector. Her expertise in developing sustainable people-focused business strategies is valuable to the Board. 4 Ms. Cooper is Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Journey Forward Strategies, a solutions-focused consulting firm specializing in leadership development and organizational effectiveness. With over 30 years of experience and expertise, she delivers sustainable results for her clients, while excelling in the areas of executive coaching, leadership and culture development and business transformation. Ms. Cooper also serves as a senior advisor, and was previously an external executive coach, to McKinsey Company. 4 She served as Executive Director for the Atlanta Committee for Progress (ACP) from 2019 to 2022. ACP is a partnership between the city s top business, civic and academic leaders and the Mayor of Atlanta to support economic growth and inclusion. 4 Ms. Cooper served as Chief Transformation Officer of WestRock from 2016 to 2019 where she developed infrastructure and processes essential for business growth via mergers and acquisitions. She simultaneously led the Recycling and Waste Services Division, as well as the Enterprise Logistics, Global Procurement and Information Technology functional organizations. From 2002 to 2016, Ms. Cooper served in several roles at Lockheed Martin, including Vice President and General Manager, Vice President of Human Resources and Vice President of Business Ethics. 4 She serves on the Board of Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (NYSE: ICE), where she is chair of the Risk Committee and a member of the Compensation Committee, and SouthState Corporation (NYSE: SSB), where she is chair of the Compensation Committee and a member of the Audit Committee. She served on the Board of Veritiv Corporation, a leading distributor of packaging, facility solutions and print products, until 2023. 4 Ms. Cooper serves on the Boards of Grady Memorial Hospital Corporation and Emory University, as well as several other Atlanta-area boards supporting technology, research and education. She has been recognized for her expertise in workforce and leadership development by numerous publications and organizations. Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Governance Anthony F. Tony Earley, Jr. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, PG E Corporation (retired) Age: 76 Director since: January 2019 Board committees: Operations, Environmental and Safety Other public company directorships: None Director Highlights Mr. Earley s qualifications include public company CEO experience and energy industry expertise including nuclear regulation, generation and technology, as well as cybersecurity matters, environmental matters and major capital projects. His experience as the president and chief executive officer of energy companies and his involvement in electric industry-wide research and development programs are valuable to the Board. 4 Mr. Earley served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of PG E Corporation, a public utility holding company providing natural gas and electric services, from 2011 until February 2017, when he became Executive Chairman. He served as Executive Chairman until his retirement from PG E in December 2017. On January 29, 2019, PG E Corporation and its subsidiary Pacific Gas and Electric Company filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code as a result of wildfire claims in California. 4 Before joining PG E, he served in several executive leadership roles during his 17 years at DTE Energy, including Executive Chairman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to joining DTE Energy in March 1994, he served in various capacities at Long Island Lighting Company, including President and Chief Operating Officer. He was a partner at the Hunton Williams LLP law firm as a member of the energy and environmental team. He also served as an officer in the U.S. Navy nuclear submarine program where he was qualified as a chief engineer. 4 Mr. Earley served on the Board of Ford Motor Company until 2022. He also previously served on the Boards of DTE Energy, PG E Corporation, Comerica Incorporated, Masco Corporation and Long Island Lighting Company. 4 He previously served on the executive committees of the Edison Electric Institute and the Nuclear Energy Institute and served on the Board of the Electric Power Research Institute. He serves as Chairman of the Board of the Detroit Zoological Society. James O. "Jimmy" Etheredge Managing Director at Monarch Private Capital and former Chief Executive Officer - North America, Accenture plc Age: 62 Director since: April 2025 Board committees: Audit; Compensation and Talent Development; Finance Other public company directorships: None Director Highlights Mr. Etheredge s qualifications include CEO experience, technology and innovation expertise, accounting and cybersecurity experience and a deep understanding of the customer experience in the utility industry. His leadership experience, his broad knowledge of industries within our regional service territories and his experience with innovative solutions are of significant value to the Board. 4 Mr. Etheredge is a Managing Director of Corporate Solutions at Monarch Private Capital, an impact investment firm, and a consultant for Feigen Advisors, a CEO advisory firm, since 2025. 4 He served as Chief Executive Officer North America of Accenture plc, a global multinational professional services company, leading the company s largest market (U.S. and Canada) from 2019 to August 2023, and as a special advisor to the CEO and Board until July 2024. His responsibilities as CEO - North America included driving results through an 80,000-member team and executing Accenture s strategy and consulting, interactive, technology (including AI and cloud) and operations practices. 4 From 2016 until 2019, Mr. Etheredge was Senior Managing Director of U.S. Southeast, responsible for leading Accenture's business in ten states. In this role, he oversaw the firm's business across all consulting specialties and client industry segments within the region and during this time he extended Accenture's innovation hub network by creating an innovation incubator at the Georgia Institute of Technology. 4 Mr. Etheredge joined Accenture in 1985, became a partner in 1997 and an executive partner in 2011. During his career at Accenture, Mr. Etheredge advised clients in the utilities industry both in the U.S. and worldwide with a focus on customer service and customer care. 4 He serves as Deputy Chair of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, where he is a member of the Executive and Audit and Risk Committee. He is a member of the Board of Encora Digital LLC, a private global digital engineering company. He is part of the governance body for Grant Thornton Advisors and its tax and advisory affiliates, serving as an attendee of the General Partner of Grant Thornton Advisor s parent. 4 Mr. Etheredge serves as a trustee of the Georgia Tech Foundation and Woodruff Arts Center and on the Boards of the Atlanta Police Foundation, Techbridge and the Atlanta Area Council of Scouting America. 16 Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement Governance David J. Grain Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Grain Management, LLC (Grain Management) Age: 63 Director since: December 2012 Board committees: Finance; Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility (Chair) Other public company directorships: Dell Technologies and New Fortress Energy Inc. Director Highlights Mr. Grain s qualifications include CEO experience, capital allocation expertise, financial expertise, major capital projects knowledge and experience, technology innovations knowledge and experience and risk management experience. His knowledge and involvement managing large and small businesses and raising and managing investor capital, particularly in a regulated industry, is also valuable to the Board. 4 Mr. Grain is the Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of Grain Management, a private equity firm focused on global investments in the media and communications sectors, which he founded in 2006. With headquarters in Washington, D.C. and offices in New York City, New York, Sarasota, Florida and London, England, the firm manages capital for a number of the world s leading academic endowments, public pension funds and foundations. He also founded and was Chief Executive Officer of Grain Communications Group, Inc. 4 Prior to founding Grain Management, Mr. Grain served as President of Global Signal, Inc., Senior Vice President of AT T Broadband s New England Region and Executive Director in the High Yield Finance Department at Morgan Stanley. 4 He was appointed by President Obama in 2011 and again in 2024 by President Biden to the National Infrastructure Advisory Council. 4 Mr. Grain previously served as Chairman of the Florida State Board of Administration Investment Advisory Council as an appointee of former Governor Charlie Crist, where he provided independent oversight of the state board s funds and major investment responsibilities, including investments for the Florida Retirement System programs. 4 He is a Director of Dell Technologies Inc. (NYSE: DELL), where he is a member of the Audit Committee, and New Fortress Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFE), where he is a member of the Audit Committee. Previously, he was a director of Catalyst Partners Acquisition Corporation, a special purpose acquisition corporation, until 2023. 4 Mr. Grain serves on the Dartmouth College Board of Trustees, as Vice Chair of the Advisory Council of the National Museum of African American History and Culture and Chair of the Board of the Martha's Vineyard Museum. John D. Johns Senior Advisor at Blackstone Inc. (Blackstone) and former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Protective Life Corporation (Protective Life) Age: 74 Director since: February 2015 Board committees: Finance (Chair); Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Other public company directorships: None Director Highlights Mr. Johns qualifications include public company CEO experience, financial expertise, capital allocation experience and risk management experience in a highly-regulated industry. His legal background as the former general counsel of a large energy public holding company that included natural gas operations and his prior service for over a decade on the Board of Directors of Alabama Power are also of significant value to the Board. 4 Mr. Johns has served as a Senior Advisor at Blackstone, an investment firm, since April 2022. 4 He retired in 2020 as Chairman, DLI North America Inc., the oversight company for Protective Life, a provider of financial services through insurance and investment products. Mr. Johns served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Protective Life from 2002 to 2017 and President from 2002 to January 2016. He joined Protective Life in 1993 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 4 Before his tenure at Protective Life, he served as general counsel of Sonat, Inc., a diversified energy company. Prior to joining Sonat, he was a founding partner of the law firm Maynard, Cooper Gale, P.C. 4 Mr. Johns previously served on the Board of Alabama Power from 2004 to 2015 where he was a member of the Nominating and Executive Committees. 4 He served on the Board of Genuine Parts Company, where he was Lead Independent Director and a member of the Compensation and Human Capital and Executive Committees, until 2025. He served on the Board of Regions Financial Corporation until 2024. 4 Mr. Johns served on the Executive Committee of the Financial Services Roundtable in Washington, D.C. and is a past chairman of the American Council of Life Insurers. He has also served as Chairman of the Business Council of Alabama, the Birmingham Business Alliance, the Greater Alabama Council of Scouting America and Innovation Depot, Alabama s leading business and technology incubator. Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Governance David E. Meador Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer of DTE Energy (retired) Age: 69 Director since: April 2023 Board committees: Audit; Operations, Environmental and Safety Other public company directorships: None Director Highlights Mr. Meador s qualifications include public energy company experience and expertise in the energy sector, including financial, information technology, manufacturing, procurement, and corporate and public affairs. His extensive involvement in economic and workforce development, corporate culture and government and community relations are all of value to the Board. 4 Mr. Meador served as Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer of DTE Energy, a diversified energy company involved in the development and management of energy-related businesses and services, from 2014 until 2022. In his 25 years at DTE Energy, he served in several executive leadership positions, including Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 4 With over 40 years of experience in the manufacturing and energy sectors, he is a recognized expert in finance and accounting, business strategy, governance, sustainability, mergers and acquisitions, government and community relations, procurement and information technology. 4 Prior to joining DTE Energy, Mr. Meador served in a variety of financial and accounting positions at Chrysler Corporation for 14 years and was an auditor with Coopers Lybrand. 4 He previously served on the Boards of Amerisure Mutual Insurance, Landauer, Inc. and Energy Insurance Mutual. Mr. Meador led the creation, and was the Executive Director, of the Detroit Regional CEO Group. He currently serves on several non-profit boards supporting workforce and economic development, autism services and disability self-employment. William G. Smith, Jr. Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Capital City Bank Group, Inc. Age: 72 Director since: February 2006 Board committees: Audit (Chair) Other public company directorships: Capital City Bank Group, Inc. Director Highlights Mr. Smith s qualifications include public company CEO experience, finance and capital allocation expertise, risk management expertise and audit and financial reporting experience. He contributes valuable perspectives on management, operations and regulatory compliance from his experience as the chief executive officer of a public company in a highly-regulated industry. 4 Mr. Smith began his career at Capital City Bank, a publicly-traded financial holding company providing a full range of banking services, in 1978, where he worked in a number of positions of increasing responsibility before being elected President and Chief Executive Officer of Capital City Bank Group, Inc.(NASDAQ: CCBG) in January 1989. He was elected Chairman of the Board of the Capital City Bank Group, Inc. in 2003 and served as President until 2025. 4 He previously served on the Board of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta and First National Bankers Bank. 4 Mr. Smith is the former Federal Advisory Council Representative for the Sixth District of the Federal Reserve System and past Chair of Tallahassee Memorial and the Tallahassee Area Chamber of Commerce. 4 He served as the Company s Lead Independent Director from 2012 to 2014. 18 Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement Governance Kristine L. Svinicki Adjunct Professor, University of Michigan and former Commissioner and Chairman, U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission Age: 59 Director since: October 2021 Board committees: Business Security and Resiliency; Operations, Environmental and Safety Other public company directorships: Pinnacle West Capital Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiary Arizona Public Service Company Director Highlights Ms. Svinicki s qualifications include nuclear energy and technology expertise and federal and state energy policy expertise. As a former Chairman of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, she has vast experience and insight into nuclear regulation and generation, as well as environmental and cybersecurity matters. Her leadership skills, contributions to U.S. nuclear energy policies and extensive nuclear energy knowledge are of significant value to the Board. 4 Ms. Svinicki was appointed a member of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the federal agency responsible for regulation of nuclear reactor materials and safety, by three U.S. Presidents, becoming that organization s longest-serving member. She served as a Commissioner from 2008 until 2017 and as Chairman from 2017 to 2021. 4 Prior to her tenure on the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, she spent over a decade as a staff member in the U.S. Senate working on issues related to national security, science and technology and energy and the environment. She also served as a professional staff member on the Senate Armed Services Committee where she was responsible for the committee s portfolio of defense science and technology programs and policies, and for the atomic energy defense activities of the U.S. Department of Energy, including nuclear weapons, nuclear security and environmental programs. 4 Previously, Ms. Svinicki served as a nuclear engineer in the U.S. Department of Energy s Washington, D.C. offices of Nuclear Energy, Science and Technology, and of Civilian Radioactive Waste Management, as well as its Idaho Operations Office, in Idaho Falls, Idaho. 4 She serves on the Board of Pinnacle West Capital Corporation (NYSE: PNW), an Arizona energy company, and is a member of the Audit, Finance and Nuclear and Operating Committees. She also serves on the Board of Pinnacle West Capital Corporation s principal subsidiary, Arizona Public Service Company. 4 Ms. Svinicki is a longstanding member of the American Nuclear Society and serves on the Board of TerraPower Holdco, a nuclear innovation company. 4 She currently serves as an adjunct professor of nuclear engineering and radiological sciences at the University of Michigan. Lizanne Thomas Partner, Jones Day (retired) Age: 68 Director since: April 2023 Board committees: Compensation and Talent Development (Chair); Finance; Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Other public company directorships: None Director Highlights Ms. Thomas qualifications include mergers and public and private acquisitions expertise as well as corporate governance and stockholder activism experience. Her legal background and extensive governance work with publicly traded companies across a wide spectrum of industries are all of value to the Board. 4 Ms. Thomas retired at the end of 2023 as Partner and Chair of the Governance and Activism practice of the global law firm Jones Day after 41 years of service. In addition to leading the firm s corporate governance and activism practice, she has substantial experience in public company mergers and acquisitions, having led many of the firm s multi-billion dollar transactions. Ms. Thomas served in various senior management roles at Jones Day, including most recently as Partner-in-Charge of the firm s Southeast U.S. Region from 2014 through 2022. 4 She served on the Board of Logility Supply Chain Solutions, Inc. (formerly American Software, Inc.), where she chaired the Governance Committee and also served on the Audit and Compensation Committees, until 2025. She previously served on the Boards of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc., Atlantic Capital Bancshares and Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc. In 2016, Ms. Thomas was named one of the top 100 directors by the National Association of Corporate Directors. 4 Ms. Thomas is a director of RS H, Inc., an employee-owned architectural and engineering company, and a consultant for Cushman Wakefield, a residential property management firm. 4 She is a Fellow of the American College of Governance Lawyers and is Chair of the Georgia Research Alliance. She also serves on the Board of Trustees of Furman University and the Lettie Pate Evans Foundation. Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Governance John M. Turner, Jr. Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Regions Financial Corporation Age: 64 Director since: September 2025 Board committees: Finance; Operations, Environmental and Safety Other public company directorships: None Director Highlights Mr. Turner's qualifications include public company CEO experience, finance and capital allocation experience, audit and financial reporting experience and risk management experience. His leadership experience, deep understanding of customers within our regional service territories and experience operating in a highly regulated industry are also valuable to the Board. 4 Mr. Turner became Chairman of Regions Financial Corporation (Regions) (NYSE: RF), one of the nation s largest regional banks, in 2024, having served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors since 2018 and President since 2017. He first joined Regions in 2011 as President of its South Region and led the Corporate Banking Group from 2014 to 2018. 4 From 1994 to 2011, Mr. Turner served in positions of increasing responsibility at Whitney National Bank. He was named President of Whitney National Bank and Whitney Holding Corporation in 2008 and was elected to the bank and holding company Boards of Directors. 4 He served as the Federal Advisory Council representative for the Sixth District of the Federal Reserve System. 4 Mr. Turner serves as a Trustee for the University of Georgia Foundation and on the Boards of the Economic Development Partnership of Alabama, Prosper Birmingham, United Way of Central Alabama, Business Council of Alabama, A Plus Education Foundation and Infirmary Health System. He was appointed by the Governor of Alabama to serve on the Alabama Growth Alliance. Christopher C. Womack Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Southern Company Age: 68 Director since: March 2023 Board committees: None Other public company directorships: Invesco Ltd. Director Highlights Mr. Womack s qualifications include operating company CEO experience, power delivery experience and human resources experience. His extensive knowledge of the Company, its customers and communities based on more than 35 years of service, as well as his external affairs and government policy expertise, are valuable to the Board. 4 Mr. Womack was named President, effective March 2023; Chief Executive Officer, effective May 2023; and Chairman of the Board, effective December 2023. He has held numerous leadership positions across the Southern Company system, most recently serving as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Georgia Power since June 2021 and President of Georgia Power since November 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Womack served as Executive Vice President and President of External Affairs of the Company from January 2009 to October 2020. 4 Mr. Womack joined Southern Company in 1988 and has served as executive vice president of external affairs at Georgia Power and senior vice president and senior production officer of Southern Company Generation, where he was responsible for coal, gas, and hydro generation for Georgia Power and Savannah Electric, a subsidiary of Southern Company that merged into Georgia Power in 2006. Mr. Womack also served as senior vice president of human resources and chief people officer at Southern Company, as well as senior vice president of public relations and corporate services at Alabama Power. 4 Prior to joining Southern Company, he worked on Capitol Hill for the U.S. House of Representatives in Washington D.C. He served as a legislative aide for former Congressman Leon E. Panetta and as staff director for the Subcommittee on Personnel and Police for the Committee on House Administration. 4 Mr. Womack serves on the Board of Invesco Ltd. (NYSE: IVZ), where he is a member of the Audit, Nomination and Corporate Governance and Compensation Committees. Mr. Womack served on the Board of Essential Utilities, Inc. until 2023. 4 He also serves on the Board of Georgia Ports Authority. He is past chair of the Board of the East Lake Foundation and is on the national Board of The First Tee. Mr. Womack previously chaired the Atlanta Convention and Visitors Bureau Board and the Atlanta Sports Cou ncil. 20 Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement Governance Retiring Board Members Donald M. James Dale E. Klein Donald M. James and Dale E. Klein will retire from our Board at the end of their terms on the date of the annual meeting. We sincerely thank them both for their many years of service to the Board, the Company and its stockholders. Committees of the Board Charters for each of the Board s six standing committees can be found on the Corporate Governance section of our website at investor.southerncompany.com . All members of the Board s standing committees are independent Directors. Audit Committee Members William G. Smith, Jr. Janaki Akella James O. Etheredge Attendance 100% Meetings in 2025 9 Report Page 72 Donald M. James David E. Meador The Audit Committee s duties and responsibilities include the following: 4 Oversee the Company's financial reporting, audit process, internal controls and legal, regulatory and ethical compliance. 4 Appoint the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, approve its services and fees and establish and review the scope and timing of its audits. 4 Recommend the filing of the Company's and its registrant subsidiaries' annual financial statements with the SEC. 4 Review and discuss the Company s financial statements with management, the internal auditors and the independent registered public accounting firm, including critical audit matters, critical accounting policies and practices, material alternative financial treatments within GAAP, proposed adjustments, control recommendations, review of internal controls for nonfinancial sustainability-related data and disclosures, significant management judgments and accounting estimates, new accounting policies, changes in accounting principles, any disagreements with management and other material written communications between the internal auditors and/or the independent registered public accounting firm and management. The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is independent as defined by the NYSE corporate governance rules within its listing standards and rules of the SEC promulgated pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Board has also determined that each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate under NYSE corporate governance rules and that William G. Smith, Jr. qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined by the SEC. Business Security and Resiliency Committee Members Janaki Akella Shantella E. Cooper Attendance 100% Meetings in 2025 5 Dale E. Klein Kristine L. Svinicki The Business Security and Resiliency Committee s duties and responsibilities include the following: 4 Oversee management s efforts to establish and continuously improve enterprise-wide security policies, programs, standards and controls, including those related to cyber and physical security. 4 Oversee management s efforts to monitor significant security events and operational and compliance activities. 4 Oversee management s use of artificial intelligence and associated benefits and risk management. The Board has determined that each member of the Business Security and Resiliency Committee is independent. Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Governance Compensation and Talent Development Committee Members Lizanne Thomas Shantella E. Cooper James O. Etheredge Attendance 96% Meetings in 2025 6 Report Page 37 Donald M. James Dale E. Klein The Compensation and Talent Development Committee s duties and responsibilities include the following: 4 Evaluate the performance of the CEO at least annually, review the evaluation with the independent Directors of the Board and approve the compensation level of the CEO for ratification by the independent Directors of the Board based on this evaluation. 4 Oversee the evaluation of, and review and approve the compensation level of, the other executive officers. 4 Review and approve compensation plans and programs, including performance-based compensation, equity-based compensation programs and perquisites. 4 Review CEO and other management succession plans with the CEO and the full Board, including succession of the CEO in the event of an emergency. 4 Review risks and associated risk management activities related to human capital, including talent management, development and retention; employee engagement and well-being; Intentional Inclusion initiatives; performance management; and annual pay reviews. 4 Review the assessment of risk associated with employee compensation policies and practices, particularly performance-based compensation, as they relate to risk management practices and/or risk-taking incentives. 4 Oversee and review annually the Company s plans for leadership development. 4 Review and discuss with management the CD A. The Board has determined that each member of the Compensation and Talent Development Committee is independent as defined by the NYSE corporate governance rules within its listing standards. The Compensation and Talent Development Committee engaged Pay Governance LLC, a third-party consultant, to provide an independent assessment of the current executive compensation program and any management-recommended changes to that program and to work with management to ensure that the executive compensation program is designed and administered consistent with the Compensation and Talent Development Committee s requirements. Pay Governance also advises the Compensation and Talent Development Committee on executive compensation and related corporate governance trends. Pay Governance is engaged directly by the Compensation and Talent Development Committee and does not provide any services to management unless authorized to do so by the Compensation and Talent Development Committee. The Compensation and Talent Development Committee reviewed Pay Governance s independence and determined that Pay Governance is independent and the engagement did not present any conflicts of interest. Pay Governance also determined that it was independent from management, which was confirmed in a written statement delivered to the Compensation and Talent Development Committee. Finance Committee Members John D. Johns James O. Etheredge David J. Grain Attendance 96% Meetings in 2025 6 Donald M. James Lizanne Thomas John M. Turner, Jr. The Finance Committee s duties and responsibilities include the following: 4 Review the Company s financial matters and recommend actions to the Board such as dividend philosophy and financial plan approval. 4 Provide input regarding the Company's financial plan and associated financial goals. 4 Review the financial strategy of and the strategic deployment of capital by the Company. 4 Provide input to the Compensation and Talent Development Committee on financial goals and metrics for the Company s annual and long-term incentive compensation programs. The Board has determined that each member of the Finance Committee is independent. 22 Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement Governance Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee Members David J. Grain Shantella E. Cooper Attendance 95% Meetings in 2025 5 John D. Johns Lizanne Thomas The Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee s duties and responsibilities include the following: 4 Recommend Board size and membership criteria and identify, evaluate and recommend Director candidates. 4 Oversee and make recommendations regarding the composition of the Board and its committees. 4 Oversee succession planning for the Board and key leadership roles on the Board and its committees. 4 Review and make recommendations regarding total compensation for non-employee Directors. 4 Oversee the Company s stockholder engagement program. 4 Periodically review and recommend updates to the Corporate Governance Guidelines and Board committee charters. 4 Coordinate the performance evaluations of the Board and its committees. 4 Oversee the Company s practices and positions to advance its corporate citizenship, including environmental, sustainability and corporate responsibility initiatives. The Board has determined that each member of the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee is independent. Operations, Environmental and Safety Committee Members Dale E. Klein Anthony F. Earley, Jr. David E. Meador Attendance 100% Meetings in 2025 5 Kristine L. Svinicki John M. Turner, Jr. The Operations, Environmental and Safety Committee s duties and responsibilities include the following: 4 Oversee information, activities and events relative to significant operations of the Southern Company system including nuclear and other power generation facilities, electric transmission and distribution, natural gas distribution and storage, fuel and information technology initiatives. 4 Oversee business strategies designed to address the long-term reduction of GHG emissions, fleet transition and related risks and opportunities across the Company. 4 Oversee significant environmental and safety regulation, policy and operational matters, including net zero carbon strategies. 4 Oversee the Southern Company system s management of significant construction projects. 4 Provide input to the Compensation and Talent Development Committee on the key operational goals and metrics for the incentive compensation programs. The Board has determined that each member of the Operations, Environmental and Safety Committee is independent. Board Composition and Structure Board Leadership Structure Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our By-Laws allow the independent Directors to determine the appropriate Board leadership structure for Southern Company, including the flexibility to split or combine the Chairman and CEO responsibilities. The Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Governance independent Directors annually, and at other appropriate times, review our Board leadership structure to determine the structure that is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. The Board believes there is no single best leadership structure that is the most effective in all circumstances and that a rigid leadership structure could impede the Board s effectiveness and ability to act in the best interests of the Company, its stockholders and the customers and communities we serve. The broad range of backgrounds, experiences and expertise of our independent Directors provide the Board with a diverse range of perspectives from which to determine the leadership structure best suited for the Company and the long-term interests of its stockholders. 4 The combined role of Chairman and CEO is held by Chris Womack, who is the Director most familiar with our business and industry (including the regulatory structure and other industry-specific matters) and is most capable of effectively identifying strategic priorities and leading discussion and execution of strategy. During his tenure as Chairman and CEO, Mr. Womack has proven instrumental in driving forward Southern Company s strategic priorities. 4 The Board believes that the combined role of Chairman and CEO promotes the development and execution of our strategy. Independent Directors and management have different perspectives and roles in strategy development. The CEO brings Company-specific experience and expertise, while our independent Directors bring experience, oversight and expertise from outside the Company and its industry. At the same time, several of our independent Directors have deep experience within our industry, and all of our independent Directors receive comprehensive industry information from diverse sources, both internal and external, to best position them to oversee the Company s strategy and key risks. 4 The Board believes that the combined role of Chairman and CEO facilitates the flow of information between management and the Board, which is essential to effective corporate governance. For example, the Board recognizes the importance of presenting the Board with robust and comprehensive meeting agendas and information. As a result, a key element of the Lead Independent Director s role is working with the Chairman to set the agenda for Board meetings and reviewing and approving the meeting materials. While the Board determined that combining the roles of Chairman and CEO under Mr. Womack is appropriate at this time, as part of its annual review, it will continue to evaluate the Board leadership structure considering evolving industry norms, best practices and the Company s specific needs and strategic objectives. Role of the Lead Independent Director The Lead Independent Director is elected by the independent Directors of the Board to serve in the role for a period of generally two to three years. Mr. Earley was elected by the independent Directors in May 2024 to serve as Lead Independent Director. The Board s succession planning process includes the regular review of the skills, qualifications, attributes and experiences of the independent Directors to identify potential future candidates for the Lead Independent Director role. Anthony F. Earley, Jr. Lead Independent Director Provides strong independent leadership and independent oversight of executive management 4 Chair executive sessions of the non-management Directors, which are included on the agenda of every regular board meeting, with the ability to call an executive session 4 Chair Board meetings in the absence of the Chairman 4 Work with the Chairman to set the agenda for Board meetings 4 Approve the agenda (with the ability to add agenda items) and schedule for Board meetings to provide that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items 4 Approve information sent to the Board 4 Meet regularly with the Chairman 4 Act as the principal liaison between the Chairman and the non-management Directors (although every Director has direct and complete access to the Chairman at any time) 4 Serve as the primary contact Director for stockholders and other interested parties 4 Communicate any sensitive issues to the Directors 4 Oversee the independent Directors performance evaluation of the Chairman, in conjunction with the chair of the Compensation and Talent Development Committee 4 Partner with the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility and Compensation and Talent Development Committees and the Chairman in the recruitment and retention of Directors and management 24 Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement Governance Role of the Independent Directors The Board has strong, independent Directors who provide additional independent leadership to the Board and effective oversight of management. The independent Directors are free to raise subjects at a Board meeting that are not on the agenda for that meeting. An executive session, which allows the independent Directors to meet without the Chairman present, is included on the agenda of every regular Board meeting. All of the Board s six standing committees are comprised solely of independent Directors and independent Directors chair all of these committees. Each Board committee has a designated member of senior management, other than the Chairman, who works with the independent Director that chairs that committee to develop the committee s agenda for each meeting. The independent Director who chairs each committee reviews and approves the agenda and materials to be covered at the upcoming meeting. The independent Directors are free to raise subjects at a committee meeting that are not on the agenda for that meeting. An executive session is included on the agenda of every regular committee meeting. The independent Directors evaluate the performance of the Chairman at least annually. The Lead Independent Director, in conjunction with the chair of the Compensation and Talent Development Committee, is responsible for overseeing the evaluation process. Input on the Chairman s performance is sought from all of the independent Directors. The Lead Independent Director facilitates a robust discussion of the evaluation results with the independent Directors while meeting in executive session. The Lead Independent Director and the chair of the Compensation and Talent Development Committee together discuss the evaluation with the Chairman. The evaluation is used by the Compensation and Talent Development Committee to determine the compensation to be recommended for ratification by the independent Directors. Meetings of Non-Management Directors An executive session, which allows non-management Directors (our independent Directors) to meet without any members of the Company s management present, is included on the agenda of each regularly-scheduled Board meeting. These executive sessions promote an open discussion of matters in a manner that is independent of the Chairman. The Lead Independent Director chairs each of these executive sessions. Board Independence Director Independence Standards No Director will be deemed to be independent unless the Board affirmatively determines that the Director has no material relationship with the Company directly or as an officer, stockholder or partner of an organization that has a relationship with the Company. The Board has adopted categorical guidelines which provide that a Director will not be deemed to be independent if within the preceding three years: 4 The Director was employed by the Company or the Director s immediate family member was an executive officer of the Company. 4 The Director has received, or the Director s immediate family member has received, during any 12-month period, direct compensation from the Company of more than $120,000, other than Director and committee fees. (Compensation received by an immediate family member for service as a non-executive employee of the Company need not be considered.) 4 The Director was affiliated with or employed by, or the Director s immediate family member was affiliated with or employed in a professional capacity by, a present or former external auditor of the Company and personally worked on the Company s audit. 4 The Director was employed, or the Director s immediate family member was employed, as an executive officer of a company where any of the Company s present executive officers at the same time served on that company s compensation committee. 4 The Director is a current employee, or the Director s immediate family member is a current executive officer, of a company that has made payments to, or received payments from, the Company for property or services in an amount which, in any year, exceeds the greater of $1,000,000 or 2% of that company s consolidated gross revenues. 4 The Director or the Director s spouse serves as an executive officer of a charitable organization to which the Company made discretionary contributions which, in any year, exceeds the greater of $1,000,000 or 2% of the organization s consolidated gross revenues. These guidelines are in compliance with the NYSE corporate governance rules within its listing standards. Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Governance Director Independence Review Process At least annually, the Board receives a report on all commercial, consulting, legal, accounting, charitable or other business relationships that a Director or the Director s immediate family members have with the Company and its subsidiaries. This report includes all ordinary course transactions with entities with which the Directors are associated. 4 The Board determined that the Company and its subsidiaries followed our procurement policies and procedures and our policy relating to the approval and ratification of related person transactions, that the amounts reported were well under the thresholds contained in the Director independence requirements and that no Director had a direct or indirect material interest in the transactions included in the report. 4 The Board reviewed all contributions made by the Company and its subsidiaries to charitable organizations with which the Directors are associated. The Board determined that the contributions were consistent with other contributions by the Company and its subsidiaries to charitable organizations and none were approved outside the Company s normal procedures. 4 In determining Director independence, the Board considers transactions, if any, identified in the report discussed above that affect Director independence, including any transactions in which the amounts reported were above the threshold contained in the Director independence requirements and in which a Director had a direct or indirect material interest. No such transactions were identified and, as a result, no such transactions were considered by the Board. 4 In making its determination, the Board considered the fact that Mr. Turner, who joined the Board in 2025, is Chairman, President and CEO of Regions. During 2025, the Southern Company system continued its longstanding banking relationships with Regions and used the bank s services in the ordinary course of business. The relationship with Regions and its predecessors has existed for more than 20 years. The payments made and received by the Southern Company system and Regions represented significantly less than 1% of the Company s and Regions revenues in 2025. 4 The Board also considered that, in the ordinary course of the Southern Company system s business, electricity and natural gas are provided to some Directors and entities with which the Directors are associated on the same terms and conditions as provided to other customers of the Southern Company system. As a result of its review process in February 2026, the Board affirmatively determined that 13 of 14 currently serving Directors, and 11 of 12 nominees for Director, are independent. The only Director that is not independent is Mr. Womack, Chairman, President and CEO of the Company. The Board also determined that Henry A. "Hal" Clark III was independent while he served on the Board during 2025. The independent nominees for Director are Janaki Akella, Shantella E. Cooper, Anthony F. Earley, Jr., James O. Etheredge, David J. Grain, John D. Johns, David E. Meador, William G. Smith, Jr., Kristine L. Svinicki, Lizanne Thomas and John M. Turner, Jr. Board and Committee Self-Evaluation Process The Board and each of its committees undertake a robust and constructive self-evaluation process each year. The Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee annually reviews the format of the evaluation process, including whether to utilize an independent third party, to ensure that actionable feedback is solicited on the operation and effectiveness of the Board, Board committees and Director performance. For 2025, the Board continued engaging an independent third party to facilitate the evaluation, consistent with best governance practices. 1 Board Evaluation The Lead Independent Director, in conjunction with the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee, oversees the annual self-assessment process on behalf of the Board. 2 Committee Evaluations The charter of each committee of the Board also requires an annual performance evaluation, which traditionally is overseen by the chair of each committee. 3 Interviews and Discussion The Board self-evaluation process involves completion of a written questionnaire sent by the independent third party to each Board member, followed by a one-on-one confidential interview of each Director conducted by the independent third party. The independent third party reviews the results of the written questionnaires and interviews with the Lead Independent Director. The Lead Independent Director, along with the independent third party, leads a discussion with the full Board to review the results of the self-evaluation and identify follow up items. The committee self-evaluation process involves a review and discussion for each committee. The process is led by the chair of each committee and is conducted in executive session. 4 Outcome The objective is to allow the Directors to share their perspectives and consider adjustments or enhancements in response to the feedback. 26 Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement Governance The multi-step evaluation process generates thoughtful comments and discussion among the Board and its committees, including with respect to Board composition and processes. The insights shared have led to changes designed to enhance Board effectiveness and efficiency. For example, over the past few years enhancements have been made regarding: meeting materials and discussion topics; leveraging virtual technology; Director onboarding process; ongoing opportunities for continuing education for Directors; and opportunities for Directors to interact with a broad range of emerging leaders across the system. Board and Committee Responsibilities Oversight of Strategy and Risk The Board and its Committees provide oversight of the Company s business strategy throughout the year. Various elements of strategy are discussed at every Board meeting, as well as at many meetings of the Board s committees, and the Board receives regular updates on progress and execution from, and provides guidance to, our management team. The Board dedicates at least one meeting each year to a deep dive on strategic planning and oversight. These sessions create a dedicated forum for a fluid exchange of viewpoints and ideas on the Company s strategic direction and identifying new opportunities and risks as management executes upon the Company s strategy. In 2025, the Board participated in a multi-day, expanded off-site strategy session and system-wide board forum that included presentations by external experts and internal leaders, with robust dialogue among the members of the Board. Key topics addressed included: the evolving nature of the utility industry; the growth of data centers and energy infrastructure to support projected demand growth and related risks and opportunities for the industry; innovation and technological advancements, including artificial intelligence; the dynamic regulatory landscape; and strategies to help ensure that energy remains accessible and provides value to customers. The Board and its committees have both general and specific risk oversight responsibilities. The Board has broad responsibility to provide oversight of significant risks primarily through direct engagement with management and through delegation of ongoing risk oversight responsibilities to the committees. Any risk oversight that is not allocated to a committee remains with the Board. At least annually, the Board reviews our risk profile to evaluate and confirm that oversight of each risk is properly designated to an appropriate committee or the full Board. The charters of the committees and the checklist of agenda items for each committee define the areas of risk for which each committee is responsible for providing ongoing oversight. Audit Committee 4 Reviews risks and associated risk management activities related to financial reporting and ethics and compliance-related matters. 4 Reviews the adequacy of the risk oversight process and documentation that appropriate enterprise risk management and oversight are occurring. The documentation includes a report that tracks which significant risk reviews have occurred and the committee(s) reviewing such risks. In addition, an overview is provided at least annually of the risk assessment and profile process conducted by Company management. 4 Receives regular updates from the Company's internal auditing organization and quarterly updates as part of the disclosure controls process. Business Security and Resiliency Committee 4 Reviews risks and associated risk management activities related to AI, cybersecurity, physical security, operational resiliency and technological developments and the response to incidents with respect thereto. 4 Reviews the adequacy of processes and procedures to protect critical cyber and physical assets and resiliency of ongoing operations. Compensation and Talent Development Committee 4 Reviews risks and associated risk management activities related to human capital. 4 Reviews the assessment of risks associated with the Company s employee compensation policies and practices, particularly performance-based compensation, as they relate to risk management practices and/or risk-taking incentives. The review is conducted at least annually and whenever significant changes to any business unit s compensation practices are under consideration. Finance Committee 4 Reviews risks and associated risk management activities related to financial matters of the Company such as financial integrity, major capital investments, dividend policy, financing programs and financial and capital allocation strategies. Southern Company 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Governance Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee 4 Reviews risks and associated risk management activities related to the state and federal regulatory and legislative environment, stockholder activism and environmental, sustainability and corporate responsibility. Operations, Environmental and Safety Committee 4 Reviews risks and associated risk management activities related to significant operations of the Southern Company system such as safety, system reliability, nuclear, gas and other operations, environmental regulation and policy, net zero carbon strategies, fuel cost and availability. Each committee provides ongoing oversight for each of our most significant risks designated to it, reports to the Board on their oversight activities and elevates review of risk issues to the Board as appropriate. Each committee has a designated member of executive management as the primary responsible officer for providing information and updates related to the significant risks for that committee. These officers ensure that all significant risks identified in the risk profile we develop are regularly reviewed with the Board and/or the appropriate committee(s). We have a robust enterprise risk management program that facilitates identification, communication and management of the most significant risks throughout the Company, employing a formalized framework in which risk governance and oversight are largely embedded in existing organizational and control structures. As a part of the governance structure, the CFO serves as the Chief Risk Officer and is accountable to the CEO and the Board for ensuring that enterprise risk oversight and management processes are established and operating effectively. In 2025, the Company undertook a review of its enterprise risk management framework and implemented enhancements that holistically assess the impact of significant risks by considering financial, reputation, and operational components. All Directors are actively involved in the risk oversight function, and we believe that our leadership structure supports the Board s risk oversight responsibility. Each committee is chaired by an independent Director, and the Chairman and CEO does not serve on any committee. There is regular, open communication between management and the Directors. Spotlight on Artificial Intelligence Acknowledging the complexities accompanying adoption of AI, the Board and its committees devote significant time and attention to AI education and oversight of the risks and opportunities associated with its implementation across the Southern Company system. We have established governance frameworks at both the Board and management levels to facilitate oversight of AI throughout the enterprise. Through robust governance, proactive oversight and a culture of accountability, the Board and management work collaboratively to help ensure AI is leveraged responsibly to drive innovation and growth. Throughout 2025, the Board and its committees received regular updates on AI topics including the Company s AI strategy, AI governance and policy developments and AI use cases. Specifically, the Company s recently refreshed Code of Ethics includes a dedicated section on responsible use of AI. Recognizing the rapid pace of technological change, the Board focuses on education to strengthen its AI literacy. Through regular presentations from internal and external experts as well as continuing Director education opportunities, the Board stays informed about evolving regulatory landscapes, ethical standards and industry best practices related to AI. Our approach to AI prioritizes ethical governance, robust policy frameworks and transparent communication with stakeholders. We have adopted an AI Acceptable Use Policy to guide employees in leveraging this technology for the benefit of our customers, while protecting data, helping to ensure accuracy, respecting intellectual property rights, helping prevent bias or ethical concerns and keeping people involved in decisions. With the Board s input, management established an executive steering committee led by leaders from strategically rele