=== SO_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information in this Form 10-K, including MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS FUTURE EARNINGS POTENTIAL in Item 7, and other documents filed by Southern Company and/or its subsidiaries with the SEC, the following factors should be carefully considered in evaluating Southern Company and its subsidiaries. Such factors could affect actual results and cause results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, Southern Company and/or its subsidiaries. The risk factors discussed below could adversely affect a Registrant's results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and cash flow, as well as cause reputational damage. UTILITY REGULATORY, LEGISLATIVE, AND LITIGATION RISKS Southern Company and its subsidiaries are subject to substantial federal, state, and local governmental regulation, including with respect to rates. Compliance with current and future legal and regulatory requirements and procurement of necessary approvals, permits, and certificates may result in substantial costs to Southern Company and its subsidiaries. The reduction, elimination, or expiration of government incentives for, or regulations mandating or restricting the use of, renewable energy projects could reduce demand for renewable energy projects and harm the Registrants' businesses. Laws and regulations govern the terms and conditions of the services the Southern Company system offers, protection of critical electric infrastructure assets, transmission planning, reliability, pipeline safety, interaction with wholesale markets and retail customers, and relationships with affiliates, among other matters. The Registrants' businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if a Registrant is found to be noncompliant. The traditional electric operating companies, and the power industry in general, have experienced a period of rising costs and projected capital expenditures, especially with respect to infrastructure investments, which is projected to continue for the foreseeable future. The profitability of the traditional electric operating companies' and the natural gas distribution utilities' businesses is largely dependent on their ability, through the rates that they are permitted to charge, to recover their costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their invested capital. The traditional electric operating companies and the natural gas distribution utilities seek to recover their costs, including a reasonable return on invested capital, through their retail rates, which must be approved by the applicable state PSC or other applicable state regulatory agency. Such regulators, in a rate proceeding, may alter the timing or amount of certain costs for which recovery is allowed or modify the current authorized rate of return; rate refunds may also be required. The current period of rising costs and increased projected capital expenditures could result in increased resistance to authorizing cost recovery. Furthermore, the outcome of any rate proceeding could be impacted by a variety of factors, including the level of opposition from intervenors, potential impacts to customers, including affordability concerns, and past or future changes in the political, regulatory, economic, or legislative environment. See Note 2 to the financial statements under "Alabama Power" for additional information regarding the Alabama PSC's approval of a plan to keep retail rates stable through 2027, under "Georgia Power Rate Plans" for additional information regarding the Georgia PSC's approval of a settlement agreement to extend the 2022 ARP through December 31, 2028, with no adjustments to base rates except for storm damage costs incurred through December 31, 2025, and under "Southern Company Gas Infrastructure Replacement Programs and Capital Projects Nicor Gas" and " Rate Proceedings Nicor Gas" in Item 8 herein for additional information regarding certain disallowances at Nicor Gas. Additionally, the rates charged to wholesale customers by the traditional electric operating companies and Southern Power and the rates charged to natural gas transportation customers by Southern Company Gas' pipeline investments are subject to review by the FERC. Changes to Southern Power's and the traditional electric operating companies' ability to conduct business pursuant to FERC market-based rate authority could affect wholesale rates. Also, while a small percentage of transmission costs are recovered through wholesale electric tariffs, the majority are recovered through retail rates. Transmission planning and the resulting grid improvements could be impacted by FERC policy changes as well as North American Electric Reliability Corporation planning standard changes. The IRA, among other items, imposes a 15% CAMT on adjusted financial statement income, as defined in the law, and is subject to the issuance of additional guidance by the U.S. Treasury and the IRS. Any rate recovery by the traditional electric operating companies or the natural gas distribution utilities subject to the CAMT will be determined pursuant to the regulatory processes of the FERC, state PSCs, or other applicable state regulatory agencies. There is no assurance, however, that such tax will be recoverable through the applicable regulatory process. The OBBB was signed into law on July 4, 2025. The OBBB, among other things, materially changed the requirements for most of the federal renewable energy incentives. The Registrants are still assessing the impacts of the OBBB on tax incentives for renewable energy projects. Any loss of, reduction in, or impacts on tax incentives, including transferability of tax credits, due to the OBBB could have a material adverse effect on the Registrants. See MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS I-15 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements FUTURE EARNINGS POTENTIAL "Income Tax Matters Federal Tax Legislation" in Item 7 herein for additional information. The Registrants are unable to predict changes in laws or regulations, regulatory guidance, legal interpretations, policy positions, and implementation actions that may occur in the future. The impact of any future revision or changes in interpretations or application of existing laws and regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations applicable to Southern Company or any of its subsidiaries is uncertain. Changes in laws and regulations, the imposition of additional legal or regulatory requirements, changes in application of existing laws and regulations and in enforcement practices of regulators, as well as associated litigation, or penalties imposed for noncompliance with existing laws or regulations could influence the operating environment of the Southern Company system and may result in substantial costs. The Southern Company system's costs of compliance with environmental laws and regulations and satisfying related AROs are significant. The Southern Company system's operations are regulated by state and federal environmental agencies through a variety of laws and regulations governing air, GHGs, water, land, avian and other wildlife and habitat protection, and other natural resources. Compliance with existing environmental requirements involves significant capital and operating costs including the settlement of AROs, a major portion of which is expected to be recovered through retail and wholesale rates. There is no assurance, however, that all such costs will be recovered. The Registrants expect future compliance expenditures will continue to be significant. The EPA has adopted and is implementing regulations governing air and GHG emissions under the Clean Air Act and water quality under the Clean Water Act. The EPA and certain states have also adopted and continue to propose regulations governing the disposal and management of CCR at power plant sites under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and applicable state laws. The cost estimates for AROs related to the disposal of CCR are based on information using various assumptions related to closure and post-closure costs, timing of future cash outlays, inflation and discount rates, and the potential compliance methods. The traditional electric operating companies will continue to periodically update their ARO cost estimates and those updates could be material. Additionally, environmental laws and regulations covering the handling and disposal of waste and release of hazardous substances could require the Southern Company system to incur substantial costs to clean up affected sites, including certain current and former operating sites, and locations subject to contractual obligations. Litigation over environmental issues and claims of various types, including property damage, personal injury, and citizen enforcement of environmental requirements, has occurred throughout the United States. This litigation has included, but is not limited to, claims for damages alleged to have been caused by CO 2 and other emissions, CCR, releases of regulated substances, alleged exposure to regulated substances, and/or requests for injunctive relief in connection with such matters. Compliance with any new or revised environmental laws or regulations could affect many areas of operations for the Southern Company system. The Southern Company system's ultimate environmental compliance strategy and future environmental expenditures will depend on various factors, such as state adoption and implementation of requirements, the availability and cost of any deployed control technology, fuel prices, and the outcome of pending and/or future legal challenges. Compliance costs may result from the installation of additional environmental controls, closure and monitoring of CCR facilities, unit retirements and replacements, operational changes, or changing fuel sources for certain existing units, as well as related upgrades to the Southern Company system's transmission and distribution (electric and natural gas) systems. Environmental compliance spending over the next several years may differ materially from the amounts estimated and could adversely affect the Registrants if such costs cannot continue to be recovered on a timely basis. Further, increased costs that are recovered through regulated rates could contribute to reduced demand for electricity and natural gas. Additionally, many commercial and industrial customers may also be affected by existing and future environmental requirements, which for some may have the potential to reduce their demand for electricity or natural gas. The Southern Company system may be exposed to regulatory and financial risks related to the impact of GHG legislation, regulation, and emission reduction goals. Concern and activism about climate change continue and, as a result, demand for energy conservation and sustainable assets could further increase. The public holds diverse and often conflicting views on the use of fossil fuels which may subject the Registrants to adverse publicity in connection with their use or supply of fossil fuels. Additionally, costs associated with GHG legislation, regulation, and emission reduction goals could be significant and there is no assurance such costs would be fully recovered through regulated rates or PPAs. The Southern Company system has processes for identifying, assessing, and responding to climate-related risks, including a scenario planning process that is used to inform resource planning decisions in the states in which the traditional electric I-16 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements operating companies operate. This process relies on information and assumptions from internal and external sources, which may or may not be accurate in predicting future outcomes. Additional GHG policies, including legislation, may emerge requiring the United States to accelerate its transition to a lower GHG emitting economy. The ultimate impact will depend on various factors, such as state adoption and implementation of requirements, natural gas prices, the development, deployment, and advancement of relevant energy technologies, the ability to recover costs through existing ratemaking provisions, and the outcome of pending and/or future legal challenges. Because natural gas is a fossil fuel with lower carbon content relative to other fossil fuels, future carbon constraints, including, but not limited to, the imposition of a carbon tax, may create additional demand for natural gas, both for production of electricity and direct use in homes and businesses. However, such demand may be tempered by legislation limiting the use of natural gas in certain circumstances, including use in new construction and certain household appliances. Additionally, efforts to electrify the transportation, building, and other sectors may result in higher electric demand and negatively impact natural gas demand. For example, beginning in 2024, Nicor Gas' regulator, the Illinois Commission, has conducted "future of natural gas" proceedings to explore the recommendations involved with decarbonization of the gas distribution system in Illinois. The Illinois Commission's final report is expected by the end of 2026. In addition, future GHG constraints, including those related to methane emissions, designed to minimize emissions from natural gas could likewise result in increased costs to the Southern Company system and affect the demand for natural gas as well as the prices charged to customers and the competitive position of natural gas. Since 2018, Southern Company system management established GHG emissions reductions goals including an intermediate goal of 50% from 2007 levels by 2030 and a long-term goal of net zero by 2050. Due primarily to the projected electric load growth, current projections indicate it will be extremely challenging to meet the 2030 goal. Achievement of these goals is dependent on various factors, many of which the Southern Company system does not control, including load growth across the Southern Company system's service territory, including projected load growth from large load customers, energy policy and regulations, natural gas prices, customer demand for carbon-free energy, and the development and deployment of low- to no-GHG energy technologies. The strategy to achieve these goals also relies on continuing to economically transition the Southern Company system's generating fleet through a diverse portfolio of resources including low-carbon and carbon-free resources; making the necessary related investments in transmission and distribution systems; continuing to implement effective energy efficiency and demand response programs; implementing initiatives to reduce natural gas distribution emissions; continuing research and development with a focus on technologies that lower GHG emissions; and constructively engaging with policymakers, regulators, investors, customers, and other stakeholders to support outcomes leading to a net zero future. There is no guarantee that the Southern Company system will achieve these goals. See MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS FUTURE EARNINGS POTENTIAL "Environmental Matters Environmental Laws and Regulations Greenhouse Gases" in Item 7 herein for additional information. OPERATIONAL RISKS The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions. The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries depends on the successful operation of the electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, natural gas distribution facilities, and distributed generation storage technologies and the successful performance of necessary corporate functions. There are many risks that could affect these matters, including operator error or failure of equipment or processes, accidents, operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements or in connection with joint owner or joint venture arrangements, failure of performance by counterparties, labor disputes, physical attacks, fuel or material supply interruptions and/or shortages, transmission disruption or capacity constraints, including with respect to the Southern Company system's and third parties' transmission, storage, and transportation facilities, inability to maintain reliability consistent with customer expectations as the traditional electric operating companies add generation, transmission, and related infrastructure to meet projected electric demand growth, compliance with mandatory reliability standards, including mandatory cyber security standards, implementation of new technologies, technology system failures, cyber intrusions, environmental events, such as spills or releases, supply chain disruptions, inflation, and catastrophic events such as fires, including wildfires, land movement, earthquakes, explosions, floods, high winds, tornadoes, hurricanes and other storms, solar flares, droughts, future pandemic health events, wars, political unrest, or other similar occurrences. I-17 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Operation of nuclear facilities involves inherent risks, including environmental, safety, health, regulatory, natural disasters, cyber intrusions, physical attacks, and financial risks, that could result in fines or the closure of the nuclear units owned by Alabama Power or Georgia Power and which may present potential exposures in excess of insurance coverage. Alabama Power owns, and contracts for the operation of, two nuclear units and Georgia Power holds undivided interests in, and contracts for the operation of, six nuclear units. The eight units are operated by Southern Nuclear and represented approximately 22% and 36% of the total KWHs generated by Alabama Power and Georgia Power, respectively, in the year ended December 31, 2025. Nuclear facilities are subject to environmental, safety, health, operational, and financial risks such as: the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health and safety resulting from a release of radioactive materials; uncertainties with respect to the ability to dispose of spent nuclear fuel and the need for longer term on-site storage; uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of licensed lives or license extensions and the ability to maintain and anticipate adequate capital reserves for decommissioning; limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with nuclear operations; and significant capital expenditures relating to maintenance, operation, security, and repair of these facilities. Damages, decommissioning, or other costs could exceed the amount of decommissioning trusts or insurance coverage, including statutorily required nuclear incident insurance. The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear facilities. In the event of non-compliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines and/or shut down any unit, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. NRC orders or regulations related to increased security measures and any future NRC safety requirements could require Alabama Power and Georgia Power to make substantial operating and capital expenditures at their nuclear plants. In addition, if a major nuclear incident were to occur, it could result in substantial costs to Alabama Power or Georgia Power and Southern Company. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the NRC to require additional safety measures. Moreover, a major incident at any nuclear facility in the United States, including facilities owned and operated by third parties, could require Alabama Power and Georgia Power to make material contributory payments. In addition, actual or potential threats of cyber intrusions or physical attacks could result in increased nuclear licensing or compliance costs. Generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity and transportation and storage of natural gas involve risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs and that may present potential exposures in excess of insurance coverage. The Southern Company system's electric generation, transmission, and distribution and natural gas distribution and storage activities involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, such as accidents, explosions, fires, mechanical problems, discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases, and other environmental risks. These incidents could result in serious injury, loss of life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, and disruption of the Southern Company system's operations. The location of electric generation, transmission, and distribution infrastructure and natural gas pipelines and underground natural gas storage facilities near populated areas could increase the level of damage and liability resulting from any incidents. Additionally, electric generation, transmission, and distribution infrastructure and natural gas pipelines, storage facilities, and other infrastructure are subject to various state and other regulatory requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in substantial monetary penalties, which could exceed the amount of insurance coverage. Physical attacks, both threatened and actual, could impact the ability of the Subsidiary Registrants to operate. The Subsidiary Registrants face the risk of physical attacks, both threatened and actual, against their respective generation and storage facilities and the transmission and distribution infrastructure used to transport energy, which could negatively impact their ability to generate, transport, and deliver power, or otherwise operate their respective facilities, or, with respect to Southern Company Gas, its ability to distribute or store natural gas, or otherwise operate its facilities, in the most efficient manner or at all. Transmission and distribution infrastructure can be vulnerable to physical attack because it is often unmanned, widely dispersed, and located in isolated areas. The risk of physical attack may escalate during periods of heightened geopolitical tensions. In addition, physical attacks against third-party providers could have a similar effect on the Southern Company system. Despite the implementation of robust security measures, all assets are potentially vulnerable to disability, failure, or unauthorized access due to human error, natural disaster, technological failure, or internal or external physical attack. If assets were to fail, be physically damaged, or be breached and were not restored in a timely manner, the affected Subsidiary Registrant may be unable to fulfill critical business functions. Insurance may not be adequate to cover any associated losses. I-18 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, or the failure of, or inability to remotely access, one or more key technology systems, networks, or processes could impact the ability of the Registrants to operate. The Subsidiary Registrants operate in highly regulated industries that require the continued operation of sophisticated technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of interconnected systems. Because of the critical nature of the infrastructure and the technology systems' inherent vulnerability to disability or failure due to hacking, virus, denial of service, ransomware, act of war or terrorism, or other type of data security breach, the Registrants face a heightened risk of cyberattack. In addition, the increased use of smartphones, tablets, and other wireless devices, as well as remote working arrangements, may also increase the Registrants' data security risks. Portions of the Registrants' system data, architecture, and other materials may also be disclosed, either intentionally or unintentionally, to third parties and the public by regulators, employees, contractors, and vendors. This system information may be used by malicious actors to understand the Registrants' systems to prepare for a cyberattack. In addition, unpatched software or network vulnerabilities, including those resulting from the use of end-of-life operating systems, could be leveraged by an attacker. Cyber actors, including those associated with foreign governments, have attacked and threatened to attack energy infrastructure. Various regulators have increasingly stressed that these attacks, including ransomware attacks, and attacks targeting utility systems and other critical infrastructure, are growing in sophistication, magnitude, and frequency. Use of generative artificial intelligence has also increased the frequency, scale, and sophistication of cyber attacks and increased the capability of less sophisticated actors. As generative artificial intelligence continues to evolve, new technologies and increased computing power could cause these trends to continue or exacerbate. Moreover, certain actors, such as nation-state and state-sponsored actors, can deploy significant resources and employ sophisticated methods to plan and carry out attacks. Risk of these attacks may escalate during periods of heightened geopolitical tensions, such as those caused by the war in Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East. The Registrants and their third-party vendors have been subject, and will likely continue to be subject, to attempts to gain unauthorized access to their technology systems and confidential data or to attempts to disrupt utility and related business operations. While there have been immaterial incidents of phishing, unauthorized access to technology systems, financial fraud, and disruption of remote access across the Southern Company system, there has been no material impact on the Registrants or their operations from these attacks. However, the Registrants cannot guarantee that security efforts will have the maturity to detect or prevent breaches, operational incidents, or other breakdowns of technology systems and network infrastructure, especially in the event the Registrants are targeted by a sophisticated attacker with significant resources, such as a nation-state or state-sponsored actor. Further, the Registrants do not have security visibility into all operational technology communications and processes, do not maintain completely exhaustive inventories of assets and applications, and do not centrally manage or monitor all technologies, applications, and environments, which could negatively affect preparation for, investigation of, or response to an information security incident. Accordingly, the Registrants cannot provide any assurance that information security incidents will not have a material adverse effect in the future. In addition, in the ordinary course of business, Southern Company and its subsidiaries collect and retain sensitive information, including personally identifiable information about customers, employees, and stockholders, and other confidential information. In some cases, administration of certain functions may be outsourced to third-party service providers. Malicious actors may target these providers, as well as other vendors, to disrupt or compromise services and products. Such third-party vendors have been increasingly used as attack vectors in efforts to target critical infrastructure, including that of the Registrants. The Registrants cannot fully assess the security maturity of all third-party vendors and such vendors could fail to establish adequate risk management and information security measures with respect to their systems and/or could fail to timely notify the Registrants of an information security incident. Internal or external cyberattacks may have wide-reaching impacts due to incomplete segmentation among network assets and/or reliance of segmented networks on a disrupted network, inhibit the affected Registrant's ability to fulfill critical business functions, including energy delivery service failures, compromise sensitive and other data, violate privacy laws, and lead to customer dissatisfaction. Any cyber breach or theft, damage, or improper disclosure of sensitive electronic data may also subject the affected Registrant to penalties and claims from regulators or other third parties. Any violations of applicable laws and regulations could lead to material losses, both financial and reputational. Insurance may not be adequate to cover any associated losses, and there is no assurance that such losses would be recovered through customer rates. Additionally, the cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing system protection measures are significant, and they could materially increase to address ever changing intense, complex, and sophisticated cyber risks. The Southern Company system may not be able to obtain adequate natural gas, fuel supplies, and other resources required to operate the traditional electric operating companies' and Southern Power's electric generating plants or serve Southern Company Gas' natural gas customers. SCS, on behalf of the traditional electric operating companies and Southern Power, purchases fuel for the Southern Company system's generation fleet from a diverse set of suppliers. Southern Company Gas' primary business is the distribution of natural I-19 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements gas through the natural gas distribution utilities. Natural gas is delivered daily from different regions of the country. This daily supply is complemented by natural g