=== TXT_2026-02-11.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information related to regulation of U.S. Government business. Our commercial aircraft manufacturing businesses are regulated by the FAA in the U.S. and by similar aviation regulatory governing authorities internationally, including the European Union Aviation Safety Agency. Maintenance facilities and aftermarket services must also comply with FAA and international regulations. These regulations address production and quality systems, airworthiness and installation approvals, repair procedures and continuing operational safety. For an aircraft to be manufactured and sold, the model must receive a type certificate from the appropriate aviation authority, and each aircraft must receive a certificate of airworthiness. Aircraft outfitting and completions also require approval by the appropriate aviation authority. See the Strategic Risks section in Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information with respect to risks related to obtaining certification of new aircraft products. Our operations are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect the environment. For additional information regarding environmental matters, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, and the Business and Operational Risks and Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal and Other Matters sections in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Based on current information and the applicable laws and regulations currently in effect, compliance with government regulations, including environmental regulations, has not had, and we do not expect it to have, a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. However, laws and regulations may be changed or adopted that impose additional compliance requirements which could necessitate capital expenditures or otherwise increase our costs of doing business, reducing our profitability and negatively impacting our operating results. Human Capital Resources At January 3, 2026, we employed approximately 34,000 employees worldwide, with approximately 80% located in the U.S. and the remainder located outside of the U.S. Approximately 7,700, or 29%, of our U.S. employees, most of whom work for our Bell and Textron Aviation segments, are represented by unions under collective bargaining agreements, and certain of our non-U.S. employees are represented by organized works councils. Our collective bargaining agreements expire in accordance with their terms. With the exception of a strike at Textron Aviation which occurred on September 21, 2024 and ended on October 20, 2024, we have been successful in negotiating renewals to expiring agreements without any material disruption of operating activities. Most recently, we successfully renegotiated a collective bargaining agreement with the Bell segment's largest union for a new five-year term. Our success is highly dependent upon our ability to hire, train and retain a workforce with the skills necessary for our businesses to develop and manufacture the products desired by our customers. We need highly skilled personnel in multiple areas including, among others, engineering, manufacturing, information technology, cybersecurity, flight operations, business development and 6 Table o f Contents strategy and management. In order to attract and retain highly skilled employees, we offer comprehensive compensation and benefit programs, career opportunities and an engaging, inclusive environment where employees are treated with respect. Health and Safety The health and safety of our employees, contractors and communities is a priority, and we strive to provide our employees with healthy working conditions and safe facilities. To maintain and enhance the safety of our employees, we promote a workplace safety culture of continuous improvement, shared responsibility, and individual accountability. We use an annual goal setting process to drive injury rate improvements, and the injury rate reduction goal is a performance metric that is tracked and reported to senior leadership and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Talent and Career Development Our talent development programs are designed to prepare our employees at all levels to take on new career and growth opportunities at Textron. Leadership, professional and functional training courses are tailored for employees at each stage of their careers and include a mix of enterprise-wide and business-specific programs. Textron University, an internal corporate function, provides (i) facilitated face-to-face professional and leadership development programs, (ii) web-based general and specialized functional and technical courses and (iii) an online portal to access advanced skills technical training, manage recertification of existing qualifications and other career planning tools and resources. The current and future talent needs of each of our businesses are assessed annually through a formal talent review process which enables us to develop leadership succession plans and provide our employees with potential new career opportunities. In addition, leaders from functional areas within each business belong to enterprise-wide councils that conduct annual talent reviews. These processes enable us to fill talent needs by matching employees who are ready to assume significant leadership roles with opportunities that best fit their career path, which may be in other businesses within the enterprise. We believe by employing highly talented employees who feel valued, respected and are able to contribute fully, we will improve performance, innovation, collaboration and talent retention, all of which contributes to stronger business results and reinforces our reputation as leaders in our industries and communities. For discussion of certain risks relating to human capital management, see the Risks Related to Human Capital section in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Patents and Trademarks We own, or are licensed under, numerous patents throughout the world relating to products, services and methods of manufacturing. Patents developed while under contract with the U.S. Government may be subject to use by the U.S. Government. We also own or license active trademark registrations and pending trademark applications in the U.S. and in various foreign countries or regions, as well as trade names and service marks. While our intellectual property rights in the aggregate are important to the operation of our business, we do not believe that any existing patent, license, trademark or other intellectual property right is of such importance that its loss or termination would have a material adverse effect on our business taken as a whole. Information about our Executive Officers The following table sets forth certain information concerning our executive officers as of February 11, 2026. Name Age Current Position with Textron Inc. Lisa M. Atherton 51 President and Chief Executive Officer Scott C. Donnelly 64 Executive Chairman David Rosenberg 49 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Julie G. Duffy 60 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer E. Robert Lupone 66 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer On October 22, 2025, Textron's Board of Directors appointed Lisa M. Atherton as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board, effective January 4, 2026. Ms. Atherton has succeeded Scott C. Donnelly, who will continue as an executive officer of the Company, serving as Executive Chairman of the Board. Ms. Atherton joined the Company in 2007 and has held positions of increasing responsibility, most recently as the President and CEO of Bell, a position to which she was appointed in April 2023 after joining Bell as Chief Operating Officer in January 2023. From 2017 until January 2023, Ms. Atherton led the Company s Textron Systems segment as its President and CEO. Mr. Donnelly is the Executive Chairman of the Board. He joined Textron in June 2008 as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer in January 2009. He was appointed to the Board of Directors in October 2009 and became Chief Executive Officer of Textron in December 2009. In July 2010, Mr. Donnelly was 7 Table o f Contents appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors effective September 1, 2010. Previously, Mr. Donnelly was the President and CEO of General Electric Company s Aviation business unit, a position he had held since July 2005. Prior to July 2005, Mr. Donnelly served as Senior Vice President of GE Global Research and held various other management positions since joining General Electric in 1989. Mr. Rosenberg was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on March 1, 2025. Previously, Mr. Rosenberg was Textron's Vice President Investor Relations and he served as Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer of Textron Aviation from 2018 through 2023, having previously held leadership positions in finance at Textron Aviation. Following Textron s acquisition of Beechcraft in 2014, as Textron Aviation s Vice President, Integration Strategy, Mr. Rosenberg led the successful merger and integration of Beechcraft and Textron s Cessna Aircraft business, which created today s Textron Aviation segment. Prior to Textron s acquisition of Beechcraft, Mr. Rosenberg held a series of leadership positions in financial planning, business management, strategic planning and operations with Beechcraft and its predecessor companies. Ms. Duffy was named Executive Vice President, Human Resources in July 2017 and Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in April 2022. Ms. Duffy joined Textron in 1997 as a member of the corporate legal team and has since held positions of increasing responsibility within the Company s legal function, previously serving as Vice President and Deputy General Counsel Litigation, a position she had held since 2011. In that role she was responsible for managing the corporate litigation staff with primary oversight of litigation throughout Textron. She has also played an active role in developing, implementing and standardizing human resources policies across the Company and served as the senior legal advisor on employment and benefits issues. Mr. Lupone joined Textron in February 2012 as Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer. Previously, he was Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Siemens Corporation (U.S.) since 1999 and General Counsel of Siemens AG for the Americas since 2008. Prior to joining Siemens in 1992, Mr. Lupone was Vice President and General Counsel of Price Communications Corporation. Available Information We make available free of charge on our Internet Web site (www.textron.com) our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-Looking Information Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other oral and written statements made by us from time to time are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements, which may describe strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters, or project revenues, income, returns or other financial measures, often include words such as believe, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, estimate, guidance, project, target, potential, will, should, could, likely or may and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. In addition to those factors described herein under Risk Factors, among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from past and projected future results are the following: Interruptions in the U.S. Government s ability to fund its activities, pay its obligations, and/or conduct government functions necessary for the certification of aircraft and aircraft parts and other activities of our businesses; Changing priorities or reductions in the U.S. Government defense budget, including those related to military operations in foreign countries; Our ability to perform as anticipated and to control costs under contracts with the U.S. Government; The U.S. Government s ability to unilaterally modify or terminate its contracts with us for the U.S. Government s convenience or for our failure to perform, to change applicable procurement and accounting policies, or, under certain circumstances, to withhold payment or suspend or debar us as a contractor eligible to receive future contract awards; Changes in foreign military funding priorities or budget constraints and determinations, or changes in government regulations or policies on the export and import of military and commercial products; Volatility in the global economy or changes in worldwide political conditions that adversely impact demand for our products; Volatility in interest rates or foreign exchange rates and inflationary pressures; 8 Table o f Contents Risks related to our international business, including establishing and maintaining facilities in locations around the world and relying on joint venture partners, subcontractors, suppliers, representatives, consultants and other business partners in connection with international business, including in emerging market countries; Our Finance segment s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality or to realize full value of receivables; Performance issues with key suppliers or subcontractors; Legislative or regulatory actions, both domestic and foreign, impacting our operations or demand for our products; Our ability to control costs and successfully implement various cost-reduction activities; The efficacy of research and development investments to develop new products or unanticipated expenses in connection with the launching of significant new products or programs; The timing of our new product launches or certifications of our new aircraft products; Our ability to keep pace with our competitors in the introduction of new products and upgrades with features and technologies desired by our customers; Pension plan assumptions and future contributions; Demand softness or volatility in the markets in which we do business; Cybersecurity threats, including the potential misappropriation of assets or sensitive information, corruption of data or operational disruption; Difficulty or unanticipated expenses in connection with integrating acquired businesses; The risk that acquisitions do not perform as planned, including, for example, the risk that acquired businesses will not achieve revenue and profit projections; The impact of changes in tax legislation; The risk of disruptions to our business and the business of our suppliers, customers and other business partners due to unexpected events, such as pandemics, natural disasters, acts of war, strikes, terrorism, social unrest or other societal, geopolitical or macroeconomic conditions; Risks related to changing U.S. and foreign trade policies, including increased trade restrictions or tariffs; and The ability of our businesses to hire, train and retain the highly skilled personnel necessary for our businesses to succeed. Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to various risks, including those discussed below, which may affect the value of our securities. The risks discussed below are those that we believe currently are the most significant to our business. Aerospace and Defense Industry Risks Demand for our aircraft products is cyclical and lower demand adversely affects our financial results. Demand for business jets, turbo props and commercial helicopters has been cyclical and difficult to forecast. From time to time, the demand for our aircraft products has been adversely impacted by unexpected events and may be impacted by such events in the future. Therefore, future demand for these products could be significantly and unexpectedly less than anticipated and/or less than previous period deliveries. Similarly, there is uncertainty as to when or whether our existing commercial backlog for aircraft products will convert to revenues as the conversion depends on production capacity, customer needs and credit availability, among other factors. Changes in economic conditions have in the past caused, and in the future may cause, customers to request that firm orders be rescheduled, deferred or cancelled. Reduced demand for our aircraft products or delays or cancellations of orders previously has had and, in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. We have customer concentration with the U.S. Government; reduction in U.S. Government defense spending can adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. During 2025, we derived approximately 27% of our revenues from sales to a variety of U.S. Government entities. Our revenues from the U.S. Government largely result from contracts awarded to us under various U.S. Government defense-related programs. The MV-75 program at Bell represents a significant and growing portion of our U.S. Government revenues and backlog. Bell has significantly increased and will continue to increase its investments in the resources, facilities and personnel applied to the MV-75 program. Considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will develop. We cannot predict the impact on existing, follow-on or future programs from changes in the threat environment, defense spending levels, government priorities, political leadership, procurement practices, inflation and other macroeconomic trends, military strategy, or broader societal changes. Significant changes in national and international priorities for defense spending could affect the funding, or the timing of funding, of our programs, which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. In particular, a material reduction or delay in funding of the MV-75 program could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 9 Table o f Contents The funding of U.S. Government defense programs is subject to congressional appropriation decisions and the U.S. Government budget process which includes enacting relevant legislation, such as appropriations bills and accords on the debt ceiling. Although multiple-year contracts may be planned in connection with major procurements, Congress generally appropriates funds on a fiscal year basis even though a program may continue for several years. Consequently, programs often are only partially funded initially, and additional funds are committed only as Congress makes further appropriations. Further uncertainty with respect to ongoing programs could also result in the event that the U.S. Government finances its operations through temporary funding measures such as continuing resolutions rather than full-year appropriations or when a government shutdown occurs and continues for an extended period of time. If we incur costs in advance or in excess of funds committed on a contract, we are at risk for non-reimbursement of those costs until additional funds are appropriated. The reduction, termination or delay in the timing of funding for U.S. Government programs for which we currently provide or propose to provide products or services from time to time has resulted and, in the future, may result in a loss of anticipated revenues. A loss of such revenues could materially and adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, because our U.S. Government contracts generally require us to continue to perform even if the U.S. Government is unable to make timely payments, we may need to finance our continued performance for the impacted contracts from our other resources on an interim basis. An extended delay in the timely payment by the U.S. Government could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. U.S. Government contracts can be terminated at any time and may contain other unfavorable provisions. The U.S. Government typically can terminate or modify any of its contracts with us either for its convenience or if we default by failing to perform under the terms of the applicable contract. In the event of termination for the U.S. Government s convenience, contractors are generally protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred on the contracts and profit on those costs. However, contractors are not automatically entitled to reimbursement for capital investments made for production facilities and other resources necessary to accommodate a large program such as the MV-75 or for the anticipated profit that would have been earned had the contract been completed. A termination arising out of our default for failure to perform could expose us to liability, including but not limited to, all costs incurred under the contract plus potential liability for re-procurement costs in excess of the total original contract amount, less the value of work performed and accepted by the customer under the contract. Such an event could also have an adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. If any of our contracts are terminated by the U.S. Government whether for convenience or default, our backlog would be reduced by the expected value of the remaining work under such contracts. We also enter into fee for service contracts with the U.S. Government where we retain ownership of, and consequently the risk of loss on, aircraft and equipment supplied to perform under these contracts. Termination of these contracts could materially and adversely impact our results of operations. On contracts for which we are teamed with others and are not the prime contractor, the U.S. Government could terminate a prime contract under which we are a subcontractor, irrespective of the quality of our products and services as a subcontractor. In addition, in the event that the U.S. Government is unable to make timely payments, failure to continue contract performance places the contractor at risk of termination for default. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. As a U.S. Government contractor, we are subject to procurement rules and regulations; our failure to comply with these rules and regulations could adversely affect our business. We must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts. These laws and regulations, among other things, require certification and disclosure of all cost and pricing data in connection with contract negotiation, define allowable and unallowable costs and otherwise govern our right to reimbursement under certain cost-based U.S. Government contracts, and safeguard and restrict the use and dissemination of classified information, covered defense information, and the exportation of certain products and technical data. New laws, regulations or procurement requirements or changes to current ones (including, for example, regulations related to cybersecurity and the recently issued Executive Order relating to underperformance of U.S. defense contracts, investment in defense production capacity and possible limitations on dividends and share buybacks) can significantly increase our costs, thereby reducing our profitability or otherwise adversely impacting our results of operations, financial condition, or shareholder returns. Our failure to comply with procurement regulations and requirements could allow the U.S. Government to suspend or debar us from receiving new contracts for a period of time, reduce the value of existing contracts, issue modifications to a contract, withhold cash on contract payments, and control and potentially prohibit the export of our products, services and associated materials, any of which could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. A number of our U.S. Government contracts contain provisions that require us to make disclosure to the Inspector General of the agency that is our customer if we have credible evidence that we have violated U.S. criminal laws involving fraud, conflict of interest, or bribery; the U.S. civil False Claims Act; or received a significant overpayment under a U.S. Government contract. Failure to properly and timely make disclosures under these provisions may result in a termination for default or cause, suspension and/or debarment, and potential fines. 10 Table o f Contents As a U.S. Government contractor, our businesses and systems are subject to audit and review by the Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA) and the Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA). We operate in a highly regulated environment and are routinely audited and reviewed by the U.S. Government and its agencies such as the DCAA and DCMA. These agencies review our performance under contracts, our cost structure and our compliance with laws and regulations applicable to U.S. Government contractors. The systems that are subject to review include, but are not limited to, our accounting, estimating, material management and accounting, earned value management, purchasing and government property systems. If an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions that may include the termination of our contracts, forfeiture or reduction of profits, suspension or reduction of payments, fines, and, under certain circumstances, suspension or debarment from future contracts for a period of time. Whether or not illegal activities are alleged, the U.S. Government also has the ability to decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems subject to its review to be inadequate. These laws and regulations affect how we conduct business with our government customers and, in some instances, impose added costs on our business. Our profitability and cash flow varies depending on the mix of our government contracts and our ability to control costs . Under fixed-price contracts, generally we receive a fixed price irrespective of the actual costs we incur, and, consequently, we absorb any costs in excess of the fixed price. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates used in developing the pricing for such contracts can adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, fixed-price contracts generally require progress payments rather than performance-based payments which can delay our ability to recover a significant amount of costs incurred on a contract and thus affect the timing of our cash flows. Under fixed-price incentive contracts, we share with the U.S. Government cost underrun savings, which are derived from total cost being less than target costs; we also share in cost overruns, which occur when total costs exceed target costs up to a negotiated cost ceiling; however, we are solely responsible for costs above the ceiling. Under time and materials contracts, we are paid for labor at negotiated hourly billing rates and for certain expenses. Under cost-reimbursement contracts that are subject to a contract-ceiling amount, we are reimbursed for allowable costs and paid a fee, which may be fixed or performance-based; however, if our costs exceed the contract ceiling or are not allowable under the provisions of the contract or applicable regulations, we may not be able to obtain reimbursement for all such costs. Due to the nature of our work under government contracts, we sometimes experience unforeseen technological or schedule difficulties and cost overruns due to inflation, labor shortages, supply chain challenges, bid protests, and/or other factors. Under each type of contract, if we are unable to control costs or if our initial cost estimates are incorrect, our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Cost overruns also may adversely affect our ability to sustain existing programs and obtain future contract awards. The market for U.S. Government defense business is highly competitive, and the competitive bidding process increases pricing pressure and cost which may affect our ability to win new contracts for major government programs. Our defense businesses operate in highly competitive markets in which they participate in rigorous, increasingly competitive bidding processes against other defense companies for U.S. government business. The U.S. Government relies upon competitive contract award types, including indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity, other transaction agreements and multi-award contracts, which often create increased pricing pressure and increase our cost by requiring that we submit multiple bids or share in costs. In addition, multi-award contracts increase our cost as they require that we make sustained efforts to compete for task orders and delivery orders under the contract. Further, the c