=== COO_2026-02-24.htm.gz ===
coo-20260224 0000711404 DEF 14A false iso4217:USD xbrli:pure 0000711404 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000711404 2023-11-01 2024-10-31 0000711404 2022-11-01 2023-10-31 0000711404 2021-11-01 2022-10-31 0000711404 2020-11-01 2021-10-31 0000711404 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000711404 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000711404 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000711404 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000711404 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000711404 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000711404 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000711404 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000711404 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000711404 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000711404 ecd:PnsnAdjsPrrSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000711404 ecd:PnsnAdjsPrrSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000711404 2 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000711404 1 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000711404 3 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000711404 4 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 _______________________________________________ SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) _______________________________________________ Filed by the Registrant [x] Filed by a Party other than the Registrant [ ] Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) X Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 The Cooper Companies, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): X No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Message from our Chief Executive Officer Dear Stockholder, Our purpose, Helping People Experience Life s Beautiful Moments , guides us. It reflects the profound impact we have on more than 50 million people worldwide. And you our shareholders allow us to bring this life. Your support enables transformative work across our businesses, and we remain deeply committed to delivering long-term value on your behalf. Fiscal 2025 was a pivotal year for Cooper, marked by meaningful organizational transformation, resilience, and disciplined execution. Throughout the year, we strengthened our foundation for sustainable growth while advancing our strategic priorities: gaining share in our resilient, expanding markets; driving growth through premium products and innovation; and operating with relentless attention to continuous improvement. This focus delivered tangible results. We exceeded consensus earnings expectations every quarter, achieved double-digit full-year earnings growth, and outperformed free cash flow expectations. We also raised our long-term free cash flow target to $2.2+ billion through fiscal 2028 reflecting our shift towards greater cash-generation. Our commitment to creating shareholder value was further demonstrated through significant capital returns. In fiscal 2025, we repurchased nearly $300 million of stock and our Board authorized an expansion of our buyback program to $2 billion, which will allow us to continue actively repurchasing shares in fiscal 2026. Operationally, we delivered significant progress across the organization. We accelerated and completed substantial restructuring activities, finished acquisition-related integration work, advanced facility buildouts, resolved supply chain challenges, and implemented essential IT systems, all with minimal disruption to our customers. Through our OneCooper initiative, we transformed G A functions into global platforms, unlocking meaningful cost savings and operational efficiencies. These actions are contributing to improved earnings and cash flow. The accomplishments of fiscal 2025 have set us up for future success. We enter fiscal 2026 with clear priorities: accelerate top-line growth, improve profitability, increase cash generation, and continue returning capital to shareholders. As the #1 contact lens company in the world by wearers and a global leader in fertility and women s health, our impact is significant, but our opportunities ahead are even greater. Thank you for your continued trust and support as we continue building a stronger CooperCompanies, positioned to deliver sustainable growth and enduring shareholder value. Al White President and CEO, CooperCompanies 6101 Bollinger Canyon Road, Suite 500 San Ramon, CA 94583 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders Meeting Details Date and Time Tuesday, April 7, 2026 8:00 a.m. (Pacific Time) Location The Cooper Companies, Inc. 6101 Bollinger Canyon Road, Suite 500 San Ramon, California 94583 Record Date February 9, 2026 Meeting Agenda 1 Elect nine directors to our Board to serve for one-year terms expiring at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders FOR each Director 2 Ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending October 31, 2026 FOR 3 Approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of our Named Executive Officers FOR These items of business for the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") of The Cooper Companies, Inc. ("Cooper", "CooperCompanies", "we" or the "Company") are more fully described in the proxy materials accompanying this notice. In addition, stockholders may be asked to consider and vote upon such other business as may properly come before the meeting. This proxy statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2025 ("2025 Annual Report") or the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials are first being mailed or made available to all stockholders of record on or about February 24, 2026. YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT TO US. Regardless of whether you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we encourage you to vote your shares as soon as possible to ensure that your vote is recorded. We look forward to your participation. By Order of the Board of Directors Daniel G. McBride Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Dated: February 24, 2026 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY 1 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 5 Role of the Board 5 Board Committee Structure 7 Board's Role in Risk Oversight 9 Corporate Governance Policies 10 AUDIT MATTERS 12 Independent Auditor 12 Procedures for Handling Accounting Complaints 13 Audit Fees 13 Pre-Approval Policy and Procedures 14 Report of the Audit Committee 14 DIRECTORS 15 Director Nomination Process 15 The Nominees 16 Compensation of Directors 26 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY 29 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 32 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 32 Report of the Organization Compensation Committee 48 Executive Compensation Tables 49 Pay Versus Performance 59 CEO Pay Ratio 63 PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 64 PROPOSAL 2 RATIF ICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 65 PROPOSAL 3 ADVISORY VOTE ON NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 66 OTHER INFORMATION 67 Ownership of the Company 67 Stockholder Proposals and Nominations for Director 69 General Information 70 RECONCILIATION OF SELECTED GAAP RESULTS TO NON-GAAP RESULTS 74 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Proxy Summary Voting Proposals and Recommendations Voting Proposals Board Vote Recommendations Vote Requirement Page Reference 1 Proposal 1 - Election of Directors FOR each Director Majority of Shares Voted 64 2 Proposal 2 - Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm FOR Majority of Shares Represented 65 3 Proposal 3 - Advisory Vote on Named Executive Officer Compensation FOR Majority of Shares Represented 66 Fiscal Year 2025 Business Highlights Total Revenue GAAP Diluted EPS Non-GAAP Diluted EPS Free Cash Flow $4.09B $1.87 $4.13 $434M We are a global medical device company focused on helping people experience life s beautiful moments. We are proud of our successes during the 2025 fiscal year and our momentum entering fiscal 2026. Fiscal Year 2025 highlights (1) include: Revenue of $4.09 billion, up 5% from fiscal 2024, up 5% in constant currency, up 4% organically. Gross margin of 66% compared with 67% in fiscal 2024. Non-GAAP gross margin was 68% compared with 67% in fiscal 2024. Operating margin of 17% compared with 18% in fiscal 2024. Non-GAAP operating margin was 26% compared with 25% in fiscal 2024. Cash provided by operations of $796.1 million offset by capital expenditures of $362.4 million resulted in free cash flow of $433.7 million. The Company repurchased $290.1 million of common stock, approximately 4.1 million shares, at an average price of $69.30. In September 2025, the Board of Directors (the "Board") expanded the share repurchase program by $1 billion, bringing the total authorization to $2 billion. At the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, nearly $1 billion remained available for additional repurchases. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company completed significant reorganization and integration activity. These efforts began in early third quarter of 2025 and advanced quickly with a clear focus on improving operational efficiency and reducing back-office costs. By leveraging prior IT investments and AI capabilities, key support functions were integrated, unlocking meaningful productivity gains. At the same time, acquisition-related integration work was completed, strengthening our platform for scalable growth. In total, this activity resulted in approximately $89 million in cash and non-cash charges, and we expect annual pre-tax savings of approximately $50 million beginning in fiscal 2026. (1) For a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures, see Reconciliation of Selected GAAP Results to Non-GAAP Results . CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Corporate Governance Highlights Director Nominees for Consideration at the Annual Meeting Committee Memberships Name Director Since Age Audit Corporate Governance Nominating Organization Compensation Independent Colleen E. Jay (Chairman) 2016 63 Barbara A. Carbone 2025 67 Lawrence E. Kurzius 2023 68 Cynthia L. Lucchese 2022 65 Teresa S. Madden 2020 70 Maria Rivas, M.D. 2021 62 Walter M Rosebrough, Jr. 2026 71 Robert S. Weiss 1996 79 Albert G. White III (CEO) 2018 56 Committee Chair Committee Member Board Composition Snapshot The following graphs reflect the composition of our Board continuing in office following the Annual Meeting, assuming the election of all nominees: 2 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Executive Compensation Highlights Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation Highlights Our executive compensation program is designed to support our business and compensation objectives, and to reinforce our pay for performance culture through performance-based compensation that rewards achievement of our financial goals and positive stockholder outcomes. In fiscal 2025, our Named Executive Officers ("NEOs") were eligible for a combination of annual cash bonuses and long-term equity incentives provided as a combination of performance-based awards ("PSUs") and time-vested stock options and/or restricted stock units ( RSUs ). Executive Compensation Practices Our executive compensation policies and practices reinforce our "pay for performance" philosophy and ensure that compensation is meaningfully tied to the creation of long-term stockholder value. Listed below are highlights of our compensation policies and practices: Things We Do Entirely independent Organization Compensation Committee ("OCC") Assessment by the OCC of link between compensation and performance at least annually Review by the OCC of executive compensation program and individual compensation packages at least annually Use of independent compensation consultants Double trigger (change in control accompanied by an involuntary loss of employment) requirements for receipt of payments and benefits under employment agreements Annual review of management succession planning process Robust stock ownership guidelines applicable to our executive officers Limited perquisites based on specific business rationale Compensation recovery ( clawback ) policy applicable to executive officer incentive compensation Exercise discretion to reduce annual cash incentive awards if determined necessary to ensure rigor required to earn incentive compensation Things We Don t Do No guaranteed annual salary increases No guaranteed annual bonuses or long-term incentive awards Prohibition on hedging and speculative transactions in Company securities by our officers and directors No supplemental executive retirement plan or other executive deferred compensation plans No related party transactions without approval from our Audit Committee ("AC" or the "Audit Committee") No repricing of long-term incentives without stockholder approval No tax gross ups for NEOs in connection with change in control payments CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Performance-Based Executive Officer Pay Approximately 93% of Mr. White s target total direct compensation for fiscal 2025 was tied to financial and stockholder return outcomes, including 50% of total equity award value granted in the form of PSUs which only vest on achievement of financial performance over a three-year period. Approximately 83% of target total direct compensation for our other NEOs (on average) was tied to financial and/or stockholder return outcomes. Target Total Compensation Fiscal 2025 Base Salary Base Salary Cash Bonus Cash Bonus Time-Based RSUs/Stock Options Time-Based RSUs/Stock Options Performance Awards Performance Awards 4 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance We have an ongoing commitment to good governance and business practices. In furtherance of this commitment, we regularly monitor developments around corporate governance and review our policies and practices as needed. We comply with the rules and regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and the Nasdaq Global Select Market ( Nasdaq ) and implement other corporate governance practices we believe are in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. In keeping with this commitment: All members of our Board are independent, other than Mr. White (our Chief Executive Officer). All members of the committees of our Board are independent. Board members stand for re-election annually and our corporate Bylaws include a majority voting standard for the election of our directors. Our Bylaws include standard proxy access provisions. The Board is active in oversight of risk and risk management. We do not maintain a stockholder rights plan ( poison pill ). We are committed to corporate social responsibility and sustainability. Additionally, we maintain various corporate policies that reflect our dedication to good governance. We believe that the policies and practices currently in place enhance our stockholders interests. Role of the Board Our Board oversees the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and other senior management to ensure that the long-term interests of stockholders are being served. Directors are expected to take a proactive, focused approach to ensure that the Company is committed to business success through the maintenance of high standards of responsibility and ethics. Board Leadership Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Chairman of the Board ("Chair" or "Chairman") shall be an independent Board member and the roles of Chairman and CEO shall be held by separate individuals whenever possible. We believe this division provides a balance between the independence of our directors and the experience of our officers. We feel that maintaining a separation between the Chair and the CEO provides for strong, knowledgeable leadership of the Board separate from the CEO s immediate, day-to-day involvement with the Company. Board Independence In making determinations regarding independence, the Board considers the objective requirements for independence set forth by the SEC and Nasdaq. The Board has confirmed that each independent director has no relationship which, in the opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The Board and its committees conduct regular self-evaluations and review director independence and committee composition to ensure continued compliance with applicable regulations. CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Additionally, under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, directors are not permitted to serve on the boards of more than three other public companies while they serve on our Board and a director who is an active executive officer of the Company or any other public company may not serve on more than one other public company board in addition to the Board. Service as a director of any public company requires approval of the CGNC. We do not limit service on private company boards or with non-profit organizations. The Board considers these affiliations and professional relationships on a case-by-case basis to ensure there are no conflicts of interest with the Company or other factors that would impair the relevant non-employee director s independence from the Company. Board Meetings and Attendance The Board met six times during fiscal 2025. The non-employee directors hold executive sessions in connection with regular meetings of the Board and more often as they deem appropriate. The Chairman presides over executive sessions. During the 2025 fiscal year, each director then appointed attended at least 75% of the board meetings and meetings of committees on which the director served. We do not maintain a formal policy regarding director attendance at the annual meeting of stockholders and no directors attended the 2025 annual meeting of the stockholders (the "2025 Annual Meeting"). Annual Board and Committee Self Evaluations The Board conducts an annual self-evaluation to assess whether the Board, its committees, and each member of the Board are working effectively and to provide an opportunity to reflect upon and improve processes and effectiveness. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee ("CGNC") designs and oversees the overall evaluation framework and, in fiscal 2025, utilized the services of a third-party provider to administer a questionnaire. Topics for the evaluation included strategy and performance; risk, financial monitoring and crisis control; succession planning and human capital management; mission, vision and values; ethics and accountability; board composition, structure and culture; Board meetings and administration; the Board's relationship to management; stakeholder and industry relations; and overall effectiveness. Topics for evaluation of each Board committee included meetings, structure and administration; composition and culture; and roles and responsibilities. Responses to the questionnaires were aggregated and evaluation reports with statistical analysis, heat maps and priority graphs were provided and reviewed by the Board and each committee. Related Party Policy and Transactions We review all relationships and transactions in which the Company and our directors and executive officers, or their immediate family members, are participants. The Company s legal team is primarily responsible for monitoring and obtaining information from the directors and executive officers with respect to related party transactions and for determining, based on the facts and circumstances, whether the Company or a related party has a direct or indirect material interest in the transaction. Management reports related party transactions to the Audit Committee in accordance with written policy and the Audit Committee reviews and approves (or ratifies) all transactions between the Company and related parties that are required to be disclosed under SEC rules. Under this policy, the Audit Committee has deemed certain transactions to be pre-approved or ratified even if the aggregate amount involved exceeds thresholds that would otherwise require disclosure as follows: Compensation paid for service as executive officer of the Company, provided such compensation has been approved by the OCC and the executive officer is not an immediate family member of another related party; Transactions involving the recovery of incentive-based compensation as required under any policy established by the Company for that purpose; Compensation for service as a non-employee director provided such compensation is required to be reported in the Company's proxy statement; Transactions where the related party s only interest arises from the ownership of the Company s common stock and all holders of the Company's common stock received the same benefit on a pro rata basis (such as payment of regular dividends or stock splits); Transactions between parent and subsidiary entities within the Company s subsidiary structure, joint ventures, equity investments, and limited liability entities; 6 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Transactions where law or government authority regulate the rates or charges; and Transactions involving services as a bank depository of funds, transfer agent, registrar, trustee under a trust indenture, or similar services. KPMG LLP ("KPMG"), as our independent registered public accounting firm, reviews our controls around the identification and reporting of related party transactions as required by current accounting and auditing standards. We have determined that there were no related party transactions requiring disclosure during the 2025 fiscal year. Board Committee Structure The Board currently maintains three standing committees as described below. Committee membership is determined by the Board and reviewed regularly. As required by the SEC and Nasdaq, all members of our AC, CGNC and OCC are independent directors. Each committee maintains a written charter detailing its authority and responsibilities. These charters are updated periodically as legislative and regulatory developments and business circumstances warrant. All committee charters are available on our website at https://investor.coopercos.com/corporate-governance. The information about our website and its content, together with other references to the website made in this Proxy Statement, is for informational purposes only. The content of our website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Proxy Statement or otherwise filed with the SEC. Audit Committee Key Responsibilities: Oversee our independent registered public accounting firm (the Independent Auditor ), including the audit plan and budget and monitoring independence and performance Review and discuss the annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the Independent Auditor Oversee the Company's enterprise risk management, including AI governance, and information security programs Establish procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of confidential complaints received by the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters Oversee the Company's internal audit function and internal accounting and financial controls Oversee the Company's treasury and investment matters Review related party transactions and policies and procedures Current Committee Members: Teresa S. Madden (Chair) Barbara A. Carbone Maria Rivas, M.D. Meetings in fiscal 2025: 6 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Corporate Governance Nominating Committee Key Responsibilities: Review Board composition, determine criteria for selecting directors, identify potential new directors, and make recommendations to the Board with respect to nominees for director Oversee committee structure, membership and succession Review Board leadership structure Monitor director independence Develop and make recommendations to the Board with respect to Corporate Governance Guidelines and other governance matters Oversee the continuing education program for directors Monitor compliance with the Company's Code of Conduct, review any conflicts of interest, and determine any waivers under the Code of Conduct Oversee the Company's strategies and policies regarding environmental and social matters Oversee Board and committee self-evaluations Current Committee Members: Cynthia L. Lucchese (Chair) Lawrence E. Kurzius Maria Rivas, M.D. Walter M Rosebrough, Jr. Meetings in fiscal 2025: 7 Organization Compensation Committee Key Responsibilities: Evaluate and approve the Company's compensation philosophy, policies, and procedures, including an annual risk assessment of the compensation policies Evaluate and approve CEO and other executive officer performance and compensation, including any employment agreements Determine the Company's peer group used for compensation decisions Review and make recommendations to the Board regarding director compensation Oversee the Company's incentive compensation and equity-based plans and policies and the Company's compensation recovery policy Oversee succession planning for the CEO and other executive officers Oversee the Company s strategies, policies and practices with respect to human capital management and talent development Organization Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of the current members of the OCC, or any member that served during the 2025 fiscal year, is or has been at any time an officer or employee of the Company or its subsidiaries. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past fiscal year has served, as a member of the Board or the OCC (or other board committee performing equivalent functions) of any entity that has one or more of its executive officers serving on our Board or the OCC. Current Committee Members: Colleen E. Jay (Chair) Lawrence E. Kurzius Cynthia L. Lucchese Meetings in fiscal 2025: 5 8 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Board's Role in Risk Oversight General Our Board recognizes the importance of appropriate oversight of potential business risks in running a successful operation and meeting its fiduciary obligations to our business and our stockholders. While our management team has responsibility for the day-to-day assessment and management of potential business risks, the Board maintains responsibility for ensuring an appropriate culture of risk management and setting the proper tone at the top. In this function, the Board, directly and through its committees, has oversight responsibilities for our risk management processes and in understanding the steps taken by management to address specific risks, including competitive, legal, regulatory, operational, and financial risks. Each committee of the Board also regularly assesses risks related to its area of focus in connection with execution of committee responsibilities. For this purpose, each committee has the ability to engage outside advisors as needed, regularly meets in executive session with key management personnel, and maintains full access to management. The Board believes that delegation of certain responsibilities and oversight functions to its committees allows for a more robust oversight process, utilizing the technical expertise and subject matter focus of the Board's individual committees. Enterprise Risk Management To further strengthen risk oversight, we have adopted an enterprise risk management ("ERM") program led by a Risk Leadership Committee ("RLC") that includes our Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel and our Chief Financial Officer. The RLC is supported by a Global Risk Committee composed of senior business leaders who provide periodic assessments of the key risks, mitigation activities and trends related to their functional areas. These assessments are reviewed by the RLC and compiled into a formal report provided to the Audit Committee at least annually. The ERM program combines with regular processes and communications throughout the Company, including between management and the Board and its committees, to ensure business risks are addressed continually in a structured manner. Cybersecurity Risks The Audit Committee has oversight responsibility for our information security programs and receives updates at least quarterly from management on matters related to cybersecurity incidents. Our Chief Information Officer also provides a detailed, in-person update to the Audit Committee or to the full Board at least annually. This update includes a discussion of significant threats to our systems, risk mitigation strategies, program assessments, planned improvements, and status of information security initiatives. We also maintain cyber liability insurance coverage that is designed to provide protection against specified losses and liabilities, such as data breach recovery and response, security incidents and network and business interruptions. Additional information regarding our cybersecurity program can be found in our 2025 Annual Report. Risk and Compensation The OCC regularly reviews and assesses the possible risks related to our compensation programs. Based on this assessment, the OCC has concluded that the structure of our compensation programs does not create unreasonable risk or the likelihood of a material adverse impact on the Company. In making this determination, the OCC considered possible compensation-based risks and means by which potential risks may be mitigated, including the operation of our internal control structure and the Committee s oversight. The OCC also considered the structure of our compensation programs, including: Oversight of executive compensation by an independent committee of the Board; Use of an independent compensation consultant and annual review of compensation against an appropriate peer group; The use of a combination of short- and long-term compensation programs to create a balanced mix of pay components for our executives; Capped bonus targets for annual incentives and equity grant guidelines to govern the size of grants; CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Equity ownership guidelines for our senior executives to strengthen the connection between executive and stockholder interests; A compensation recovery ( clawback ) policy to reduce the risk that executives would be motivated to maximize performance in a specific period over long-term goals; and Double-trigger change-in-control provisions in agreements with our NEOs to prevent guaranteed payouts. Additional information regarding our executive compensation program and how financial performance is tied to the compensation of our NEOs can be found in the section in this Proxy Statement entitled Compensation Discussion and Analysis . Management Succession Planning At least annually, and more often as deemed appropriate, the OCC meets with management to discuss succession plans for our executive management, including our CEO. Succession plans are designed to allow for an orderly transition of top executive posts either in the ordinary course of business or in response to emergency situations. Management develops and presents plans for identification, mentoring, and continuing development of potential internal candidates for executive leadership positions. The OCC provides oversight, input, and recommendations regarding the criteria to be used for identification of potential candidates for succession to leadership positions. The OCC also meets with individual members of management occasionally throughout the year to assess leadership development within the executive team. Corporate Governance Policies Corporate Governance Guidelines We maintain Corporate Governance Guidelines which specify our standards for director qualifications, director responsibilities, Board committees, director access to our executive officers and employees, director orientation and continuing education, service on other boards by our directors and performance evaluations of the CEO and of the Board and its committees. The Corporate Governance Guidelines also address compensation and stock ownership requirements for our non-employee directors. The Corporate Governance Guidelines are available at https://investor.coopercos.com/corporate-governance. Code of Conduct Our Code of Conduct (the Code ) is designed to reflect current best practices and our commitments to integrity, excellence, respect, our communities and to doing what is right in how we do business. We have designed the Code to provide guidance regarding compliance with laws, regulations, and Company policies, and we regularly communicate with employees regarding the Code to ensure familiarity and awareness. The Code applies to all employees, including our CEO, Chief Financial Officer and other executive officers, and to non-employee directors. We require that employees annually certify their agreement to abide by the Code. The Code provides guidance on multiple topics, including: (i) conflicts of interest; (ii) the protection and proper use of Company assets; (iii) relationships with customers, suppliers, competitors, and associates; (iv) government relations and anti-corruption regulations; and (v) compliance with laws and regulations, including laws and regulations relating to insider trading, equal employment opportunity, harassment, and health and safety. We have also added content regarding preventing fraud and money laundering, use of social media, promoting human rights, and our commitments to environmental and social initiatives. Employees are encouraged to report any conduct that they believe in good faith to be an actual or apparent violation of the Code. The Code has been translated into multiple languages to facilitate readability and all employees receive a copy of the Code both at their date of hire and annually. The Code is also posted on our internal web pages for ease of access and is available at https://investor.coopercos.com/ethics-compliance. Amendments to the Code, and any waivers of the Code granted to directors or executive officers, will be made available through our website. 10 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Insider Trading Compliance Policy: Hedging Pledging We have implemented an Insider Trading Compliance Policy that applies to senior executives, including our NEOs and all members of the Board. Under this policy, trading in Company securities is prohibited except during specifically designated windows. Additionally, executives and members of the Board are prohibited from engaging in various trading practices which would suggest speculation in our securities, including short sales, puts, calls, forward sales, equity swaps, or other hedging transactions. Our policy does permit executives and members of the Board to pledge securities as collateral, but only upon prior notice to, and approval from, the Company. Sustainability Initiatives We believe that conducting business in a socially and environmentally responsible manner is important to our long-term success. Recognizing the impact that sustainability matters have on our business, we continue to evaluate our programs and update them as appropriate to ensure that corporate responsibility remains a key focus of our business. The CGNC has oversight responsibility for our overall environmental and social matters under its charter while specific topics continue to be overseen by other committees as appropriate, including cybersecurity and AI oversight by the Audit Committee and human capital management review by the OCC. We released our annual Corporate Sustainability Report in May 2025, and it can be found at https://www.coopercos.com/sustainability. The report is designed to provide transparency regarding our sustainability efforts and we encourage you to read it for information regarding our sustainability initiatives, activities in furtherance of our commitment to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, human capital management and commitments to data privacy and security. Highlights from the report include: We maintained 100% renewable electricity sourcing at all of our CooperVision facilities in New York and the UK; Seven of our global locations have achieved certification under the SCS Zero Waste Certification Program; We prevented 12M kilograms of plastic waste (as of December 31, 2025) from entering the ocean since the start of our Plastic Bank partnership in 2021; and Ten of our facilities are Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) or Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method (BREEAM) certified. Additional information regarding our sustainability initiatives and supplemental business practices can be found at www.coopercos.com/social-environmental-impact and https://investor.coopercos.com/supplemental-business-practices, respectively. CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Audit Matters Independent Auditor The Audit Committee is solely responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention, and termination of the Independent Auditor for the purpose of (i) preparing or issuing an audit report or related work or (ii) performing other audit, review, or attest services for the Company. Oversight Oversight of the work of our Independent Auditor includes: Review and approval of the planned scope of our annual audit; Review of the Independent Auditor's continued independence; Review and pre-approval of any audit and non-audit services that may be performed by our Independent Auditor; Review of the adequacy of our internal financial and disclosure controls with management and the Independent Auditor; Review of our critical accounting policies and the application of accounting principles; Review of the auditors report and critical audit matters presented by the Independent Auditor; and Monitoring of the Independent Auditor's rotation of partners on our audit engagement team as required by regulation. Appointment The Audit Committee has appointed KPMG to serve as our Independent Auditor and to perform an independent audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements, as well as our internal controls over financial reporting, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ( PCAOB ). The Audit Committee s responsibility is to monitor and oversee these processes. In this context, the Audit Committee has met and held discussions with management and KPMG regarding the fair and complete presentation of the Company s financial results. The Audit Committee reviews the independence and quality control procedures of KPMG and the experience and qualifications of KPMG senior personnel that are providing audit services to the Company at least annually. In conducting its review of KPMG, the Audit Committee considers: Historical and recent performance, including the results of an internal survey of KPMG s service; Quality and professional reputation, utilizing the questionnaire published by the Center for Audit Quality; External data relating to audit quality and performance, including recent PCAOB reports on KPMG and its peer firms; The value of KPMG s services in relation to the fees charged to the Company; KPMG s tenure as our Independent Auditor and its familiarity with our global operations and businesses, accounting policies and practices and internal control over financial reporting; KPMG s capability and expertise in handling the breadth and complexity of our worldwide operations; KPMG s compliance with the partner rotation requirements established by the SEC; 12 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement KPMG s integrity and objectivity; and KPMG s independence from the Company consistent with PCAOB Rules, and the impact that any relationships or services may have on the objectivity and independence. The Company also annually confirms with each of its directors and executive officers whether there are any relationships that they are aware of with KPMG that may impact the auditor independence evaluation. Based on this evaluation, including the factors discussed above, the Audit Committee has concluded that KPMG is independent and believes it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to retain KPMG to serve as our Independent Auditor for the 2026 fiscal year. The Audit Committee has also set clear hiring policies regarding the Company s hiring of present or former employees of KPMG. Procedures for Handling Accounting Complaints The Audit Committee has established procedures for receipt and handling of potential complaints that we may receive regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters, and to allow for the confidential, anonymous submission by our employees of concerns regarding accounting or auditing matters. In furtherance of this goal, we have established a confidential reporting system managed by an independent third-party vendor through which employees may report concerns about our business practices. The reporting system provides both a telephone hotline and online reporting options in multiple languages. Audit Fees The Audit Committee or its Chair approved all audit services provided by KPMG for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2025 prior to the work being performed. The total fees paid or payable to KPMG for the last two fiscal years are as follows: Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2025 October 31, 2024 Audit Fees $7,199,350 $6,652,296 Audit Related Fees $ $ Tax Fees $ $4,522 All Other Fees $3,435 $100,000 Total Fees $7,202,785 $6,756,818 Audit Fees include the audit of the Company s annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in each of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by KPMG in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes audit related work for material weakness remediation, acquisitions and ERP system implementation. Tax Fees primarily relate to tax consulting services. All Other Fees include general consulting services not related to the audit or review of our financial statements. Our Audit Committee determined that the rendering of non-audit services by KPMG was compatible with maintaining the independence of KPMG. CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Pre-Approval Policy and Procedures Consistent with the requirements of the SEC and the PCAOB regarding auditor independence, the Audit Committee has the responsibility for appointing, setting compensation, and overseeing the work of our Independent Auditor. In recognition of this responsibility, the Audit Committee has a practice of, and has adopted a policy and procedures for, the pre-approval of audit and non-audit services rendered by our Independent Auditor. The Audit Committee generally pre-approves specified services in the defined categories of audit services, audit-related services and tax services up to specified amounts. Pre-approval may also be given as part of the Audit Committee s approval of the scope of the engagement of the independent auditor or on an individual, case-by-case basis before the independent auditor is engaged to provide each service. All of the services provided by KPMG for our fiscal years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024, as described in the Audit Fees table, were pre-approved by the Audit Committee or ratified by the Audit Committee upon pre-approval by the Chair of the Audit Committee. Our Audit Committee has determined that the rendering of services other than audit services by KPMG is compatible with maintaining the principal accountant s independence. Report of the Audit Committee The information contained in this report shall not be deemed filed with the SEC and is not incorporated by reference into any filing by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). During fiscal year 2025, the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed with management the processes and procedures associated with our assessment of internal controls over financial reporting, including management s assessment of the effectiveness of such controls. The Audit Committee also reviewed the quality and integrity of the Company s consolidated financial statements, its compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the qualifications and independence of its independent registered public accounting firm, the performance of KPMG, and other significant financial matters. The Audit Committee met six times, including telephonic and/or videoconference meetings, during fiscal year 2025. The Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2025 with management and KPMG, and management represented to the Audit Committee that our consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). The Audit Committee discussed with KPMG the matters required to be discussed by the PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 1301 Communication with Audit Committees and received both the written disclosures and the letter from KPMG that are mandated by applicable requirements regarding the independent registered public accounting firm s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence and the Audit Committee discussed KPMG s independence from the Company with the lead engagement partner. Based on the review and discussions noted above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the Company s audited consolidated financial statements be included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2025 and be filed with the SEC. AUDIT COMMITTEE Teresa S. Madden (Chair) Barbara A. Carbone Maria Rivas, M.D. 14 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Directors Director Nomination Process The CGNC is responsible for identification and recommendation of qualified candidates to present to the Board for consideration as director nominees. As part of this responsibility, the CGNC annually considers the size, composition, and responsibilities of the Board. The CGNC considers the background and skills of the current Board members, the needs of the Board, and the qualifications of any potential candidates prior to making recommendations regarding nominations. Stockholder nominations must be received on a timely basis and meet the criteria set forth below and in the information on Stockholder Proposals and Nominations for Director . Criteria for Nominees In evaluating the suitability of individual nominees, the CGNC and the Board consider many factors, including: A high level of personal and professional integrity, strong ethics and values and the ability to make mature business judgments; Experience in corporate management, including serving as an officer or former officer of a publicly held company; Experience as a board member of another publicly held company; Professional and academic experience relevant to the Company's industries, including ; Strength of the candidate's leadership skills; Experience in finance and accounting, corporate governance and/or executive compensation; Availability of time required for preparation, participation and attendance at Board and/or committee meetings; and Diversity of gender, race or ethnicity. The CGNC also considers whether a candidate s personal and professional background will strengthen the makeup of the Board and enhance the quality of deliberations and decisions. The CGNC believes it is important to have directors with a variety of experiences, qualifications, skills and backgrounds to ensure that the Board, as a whole, has the necessary tools to perform its oversight function effectively in light of the Company's business and structure. Consistent with this philosophy, the CGNC seeks directors who represent a mix of backgrounds, skills and experiences, and is committed to including candidates in each search who reflect diverse backgrounds. Board Refreshment The Board has not adopted formal term limits or retirement age requirements; however, the Board is committed to refreshment of the Board on a regular basis to ensure a balance of innovative ideas with experienced leadership. In furtherance of this commitment, the Board has worked actively to develop internal policies and practices to ensure regular refreshment of appointments and the CGNC has developed a succession planning framework to ensure continued refreshment of Board appointments. Six of our continuing directors joined the Board within the past five years, and eight of our nine continuing directors have served for less than ten years. The Board views the current composition as a meaningful demonstration of its efforts to refresh its membership and expects to continue these efforts going forward. CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 15 The Nominees The nominees presented for election as directors are listed below. Each nominee listed below currently serves on the Board and there are no family relationships between any of the nominees, or between the nominees and any of our officers. Each nominee, if elected, will serve as a director until the next annual meeting or until their successor is duly elected and qualified. All nominees listed below have given their consent to be named as nominees for election and have indicated their intention to serve if they are elected. The Board does not anticipate that any of the nominees will be unable to serve as a director, but if a nominee is unable to serve, the Board may either propose an alternate nominee or elect to reduce the size of the Board. If an alternative nominee is proposed, proxies will be voted for the alternative nominee. Director Nominees for Consideration at the 2026 Annual Meeting Committee Memberships Financial Expert, on AC Other Public Boards Demographics Current Directors Since Age AC CGNC OCC Independent Gender Race / Ethnicity Colleen E. Jay (Chairman) 2016 63 2 F White Barbara A. Carbone 2025 67 2 F White Lawrence E. Kurzius 2023 68 2 M White Cynthia L. Lucchese 2022 65 F White Teresa S. Madden 2020 70 1 F White Maria Rivas, M.D. 2021 62 F Hispanic Walter M Rosebrough, Jr. 2026 71 1 M White Robert S. Weiss 1996 79 M White Albert G. White III (CEO) 2018 56 1 M White Committee Chair Committee Member Director Nominee Strengths Executive Leadership Experience 100% 9 of 9 Directors Public Company Board Experience 100% 9 of 9 Directors Finance Accounting / Risk Management 100% 9 of 9 Directors Investments / Strategic Planning / M A 100% 9 of 9 Directors Global Business Experience 100% 9 of 9 Directors Healthcare Industry 78% 7 of 9 Directors Government / Regulatory 89% 8 of 9 Directors Manufacturing / Distribution / Supply Chain 89% 8 of 9 Directors 16 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Ms. Carbone is a seasoned audit leader with nearly 40 years of experience advising global companies across the medical device, manufacturing, and technology sectors, bringing strong financial oversight and deep familiarity with CooperCompanies from more than two decades supporting its audit in various roles. Ms. Carbone served as an Audit Partner at KPMG LLP until her retirement in 2019. She served on the KPMG Partnership Audit Committee for six years, including three years as the chairperson, and as the National Partner in Charge of Human Resources for the Audit Practice. In this role, Ms. Carbone co-led the strategic centralization of HR and its practices and policies firmwide, including the design and implementation of global performance management processes, compensation strategy, and succession planning. Ms. Carbone serves as a member of the board of directors, chair of the audit finance committee, and member of the compensation committee of Limoneira Company (NASDAQ: LMNR). She also serves on the board of directors and is chair of the audit committee of Bob s Discount Furniture (NYSE: BOBS). Ms. Carbone served as board chair, audit committee chair and member of the compensation and workforce committee at TrueCar, Inc. (NASDAQ: TRUE) from August 2020 until its sale in 2026. She also served on the board of directors, as a member of the audit committee, and as chair of both the compensation committee and nominating corporate governance committee of DZS, Inc. (NASDAQ: DZSI) from 2021 through 2025. From 1998 through 2019, she served as a member of the board of directors and chair of the audit committee of the Women s Business Enterprise National Council, and from 2008 through 2023, she served on the board of trustees of the Exploratorium, a museum of science, technology, and arts in San Francisco. She holds a B.S. in Business Administration (Accountancy) from California State University at Sacramento. Ms. Carbone was recommended for nomination to the Board by the CGNC. Barbara A. Carbone Age: 67 Director since 2025 Independent Director Committees: Audit CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Ms. Jay is a distinguished global Fortune 50 leader with nearly 35 years of experience running multinational, multibillion-dollar businesses, bringing deep expertise in innovation, brand building, organizational leadership, strategic alternatives, and transformational growth. As Chairman of the Board, she adds extensive board and committee leadership and a strong understanding of CooperCompanies business, backed by a proven executive track record of driving strategy, operational excellence, and sustained value creation. Ms. Jay served as a Global Division President for Procter and Gamble (P G) (NYSE:PG) until her retirement in October 2017, after 32 years with the multi-national consumer goods company leading large global ($8-$15 billion) businesses and organizations. Her most recent operational role was President of the Global Beauty Specialty Business, where beginning in 2015 she led the Wella Professional Salon, Cosmetics, Retail Hair Color, and Fragrance businesses and oversaw their successful divestiture. From 2012 to 2015, she led P G s multi-billion-dollar Global Retail Hair Care and Color division, including the billion-dollar Pantene and Head Shoulders brands, and from 2010 to 2012 she served as President of the Global Female Beauty division. She also served as VP General Manager, Greater China from 2006 to 2009. She worked in various positions with P G since 1985 and has resided in/led operational units in the United States, Canada, China, and Europe. Ms. Jay serves on the board of Treasury Wine Estates (ASX: TWE), a publicly traded company making and selling wine for the global market. She also serves on the board of Beyond Meat, Inc. (NASDAQ: BYND) and is Chair of the Human Capital and Compensation Committee and a member of the Risk Committee. Ms. Jay holds an Honours Bachelor of Business Administration from Wilfrid Laurier University, graduating with high distinction. Colleen E. Jay Age: 63 Director since 2016 Independent Director Chairman of the Board Committees: Organization Compensation (Chair) 18 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Mr. Kurzius is a highly respected global business leader who brings extensive public company leadership, including as CEO, and experience in long-range strategic planning, consumer marketing, human capital management, and enterprise risk management, and has demonstrated a strong record of driving performance and sustained growth throughout his career leading multinational organizations. Mr. Kurzius served as the Chief Executive Officer of McCormick Company, Incorporated (NYSE: MKC) from 2016 to 2023 and as its President from 2015 to 2022. While he was CEO, the company more than doubled its market value. He previously held roles of increasing responsibility at McCormick, including President and Chief Operating Officer from 2015 to 2016, President of McCormick s global consumer business from 2013 to 2016, Chief Administrative Officer from 2013 to 2015, President of the international business from 2008 to 2013, and President of EMEA from 2007 to 2008. Previously, Mr. Kurzius was the Chief Executive Officer of Zatarain s, where he worked for 12 years before the company was acquired by McCormick. Prior to this, Mr. Kurzius was a marketing executive with the Quaker Oats Company and Mars Inc. s Ben s Original (formerly Uncle Ben s). Mr. Kurzius currently serves as the Chairman of the Board of Elanco Animal Health Inc. (NYSE: ELAN) since 2024; he has served as a member of its board as well as on its corporate governance committee, audit committee and as chair of its compensation and human capital committee since 2018. He also serves on the board of Lamb Weston (NYSE: LW), as well as on its compensation and human capital committee and nominating and corporate governance committee, since July 2025. Mr. Kurzius previously served as a member of the board of McCormick until 2025, as the Executive Chairman from 2023 to 2024 and as the Chairman from 2017 to 2023. Mr. Kurzius holds an A.B. in economics from Princeton University, graduating magna cum laude. Lawrence E. Kurzius Age: 68 Director since 2023 Independent Director Committees: Corporate Governance Nominating Organization Compensation CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Ms. Lucchese brings over 30 years of senior corporate leadership, including nearly 20 years as a CFO, with deep expertise in strategy, M A, international business, finance, and accounting, complemented by extensive board and governance experience across numerous healthcare and medical device companies. Ms. Lucchese served as Chief Strategy Officer for Penske Entertainment Corp from 2020 until her retirement in 2023. From 2014 to 2020, she was Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer where she worked on the sale of Hulman and Company to Roger Penske. Previously, she served as SVP and Chief Financial Officer of Hillenbrand (NYSE: HI) from 2008 to 2014. Prior, Ms. Lucchese was SVP and Chief Financial Officer of Thoratec from 2005 to 2007. She also held various senior financial roles at Guidant Corporation (NYSE: GDT) from 1994 to 2005. Ms. Lucchese is a member of the board of BVI Medical, a private global ophthalmic device company, and serves as chair of the audit committee. She is a member of the board of Microtransponder, a private medical device company focused on chronic stroke recovery and serves as chair of the audit committee. Ms. Lucchese previously served on the board of Inari Medical, a company focused on the treatment of venous thromboembolism and other venous diseases, from 2019 until its acquisition by Stryker in 2025, where she chaired the nominating corporate governance committee and the audit committee. She also served on the board of Relievant Medsystems, Inc., a private medical device company, from 2022 until its sale to Boston Scientific in 2023, where she was chair of the audit committee. Ms. Lucchese also served on the board of Hanger, Inc., a provider of orthotic and prosthetic care services and products, until its acquisition in 2022 by Patient Square Capital, where she served on the audit and compensation committees, and on the board of Intersect ENT from 2014 until its acquisition by Medtronic, Inc. in 2022, where she served as chair of the audit committee and a member of the nominating corporate governance committee. Ms. Lucchese served on the Board of Trustees for Indiana University from 2021 to 2025, as vice chair of the board and chair of the finance and audit committee. Ms. Lucchese holds a B.S. in Accounting and MBA from the Indiana University Kelley School of Business. Cynthia L. Lucchese Age: 65 Director since 2022 Independent Director Committees: Corporate Governance Nominating (Chair) Organization Compensation 20 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Ms. Madden is an accomplished financial executive and active CPA with more than three decades of public company experience, having led all finance functions as CFO of a Fortune 300 company and through additional financial oversight through her service on public company audit committees. Ms. Madden served as EVP and Chief Financial Officer of Xcel Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ: XEL) from 2011 to until her retirement in 2016 with responsibility for all financial functions, including controllership, treasury, tax, risk management, internal audit, budgeting and forecasting, investor relations, regulatory revenue requirements, and corporate development. At Xcel, Ms. Madden was directly responsible for managing an annual capital investment spend in excess of $3 billion and external financing requirements ranging from $1-$2 billion. From 2004 to 2011, she served as VP, Controller Principal Accounting Officer, and from 2003 to 2004 as VP of Finance for Customer Field Operations. Prior to these roles, she served as Corporate Controller Interim Chief Financial Officer at Rogue Wave Software from 2000 to 2003, Corporate Controller Principal Accounting Officer at New Century Energies from 1997 to 2000 and held progressively senior financial positions at Public Service Company of Colorado from 1979 to 1997. Ms. Madden serves on the board of Enbridge, Inc. (NYSE: ENB) and serves on the governance committee and as chair of the audit, finance and risk committee. She previously served as a director for Peabody Energy Corporation (NYSE: BTU) from 2017 to 2020 where she served on the health, safety, security environmental committee and as chair of the audit committee. She holds a B.S. in Accounting from Colorado State University and an MBA from Regis University and maintains an active Colorado CPA license. Teresa S. Madden Age: 70 Director since 2020 Independent Director Committees: Audit (Chair) CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Dr. Rivas is a highly accomplished physician executive and public-company board director with more than 25 years of global experience advancing medical devices and pharmaceutical products, offering a clinically grounded, data-driven perspective on innovation, regulatory strategy, and long-term growth. From 2022 to 2025, Dr. Rivas served as Global Chief Medical Officer and Head of Evidence Generation for Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE: PFE), where she managed global operations of several thousand data scientists, healthcare experts, and field staff, oversaw the launch of multiple medical products, and led a digital transformation to optimize product launches and market growth and improve research capabilities. Prior to her role at Pfizer, she served as Chief Medical Officer and SVP for the healthcare business of Merck KGaA (which operates as EMD Serono in the US and Canada) from 2019 to 2022, where she led the Global Pharmacovigilance, Medical Affairs and Evidence and Value Development (HEOR) teams in over 90 countries. Prior to that, Dr. Rivas served as SVP of Global Medical Affairs at Merck Co (also dba MSD), as VP of Global Medical Affairs at AbbVie (NYSE: ABBV), as VP of Oncology, General Medicine and Diagnostic Imaging Medical Affairs at Bayer Healthcare, and in various roles at Eli Lilly including Head of US Women s Health Medical Affairs. Before joining Eli Lilly, Dr. Rivas was in private practice as an endocrinologist in Puerto Rico. Dr. Rivas served as a director for Medidata (NASDAQ: MDSO), a public, mid-cap health technology company, until its merger with Dassault Syst mes, and served as a member of the audit and compensation committees. Dr. Rivas holds a B.A. in Biochemistry from Brandeis University and an M.D. from Columbia University s Vagelos College of Physicians and Surgeons. She completed a residency in internal medicine and a fellowship in endocrinology at New York Presbyterian Hospital and is board certified in endocrinology, diabetes, and metabolism. Maria Rivas, M.D. Age: 62 Director since 2021 Independent Director Committees: Audit Corporate Governance Nominating 22 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Mr. Rosebrough brings experience driving significant growth and shareholder returns during his 40+ years in the healthcare industry, including 25 years as CEO in medical devices, having led organizations from startups to multi billion dollar global enterprises and functions across product development, M A, marketing, manufacturing, and finance. Mr. Rosebrough currently serves as CEO Emeritus and Senior Advisor of STERIS plc (NYSE: STE), a global medical device business focused on infection prevention products and services. During his tenure as CEO of STERIS from 2007 to 2021, STERIS s shareholders received an 18% annualized return compared with 10% for the S P 500, and the company s market capitalization increased from $2 billion to $20 billion. His career also includes nearly two decades at Hill-Rom (purchased by Baxter (NYSE: BAX), a global leader in patient support systems, therapeutic products, and workflow information technology where he held senior executive positions, including President and CEO of Support Systems International and President and CEO of Hill-Rom. Mr. Rosebrough has served on several healthcare industry boards, including the Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation (AAMI), where he currently serves as chair; the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed), where he was a member of the executive committee and chair of the compensation and finance committees; and the Medical Device Manufacturers Association. Mr. Rosebrough currently serves as independent chair of the board of Varex Imaging (NASDAQ: VREX), and independent member of the board of Precipart, a private company. Mr. Rosebrough holds an MBA from Stanford University, and a BIE from Kettering University. Pursuant to a letter agreement, dated December 22, 2025, between the Company and Browning West, LP, Mr. Rosebrough was appointed to the Board and the Company included Mr. Rosebrough as a nominee for election at the Annual Meeting. Walter M Rosebrough, Jr. Age: 71 Director since 2026 Independent Director Committees: Corporate Governance Nominating CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Mr. Weiss is an accomplished public company leader with more than five decades of strategic, financial, and operational experience in medical devices and healthcare, offering deep expertise in the global contact lens and women s health markets and a track-record of delivering long-term shareholder value throughout his tenure with CooperCompanies. Mr. Weiss served as President from 2008 and Chief Executive Officer of CooperCompanies from 2007 until his retirement in 2018, following his role as President of CooperVision from 2007 to 2008. He previously served as our Chief Operating Officer from 2005 to 2007 and as EVP from 1995 to 2007. Earlier, he served as our Chief Financial Officer from 1989 to 2005 and Treasurer from 1989 to 2002. While CEO, Mr. Weiss led CooperVision into the daily disposable and silicone hydrogel lens business and helped grow its market share from 15% to more than 22%. He also played a pivotal role in the growth of CooperSurgical, contributing to its emergence as a leader in IVF and women s health. During his time as CEO, CooperCompanies achieved a 17% total shareholder return. Mr. Weiss served as a director of Accuray Incorporated (NASDAQ: ARAY), a company that develops, manufactures, and sells precise, innovative tumor treatment solutions. He served on its nominating and governance committee and on its audit committee until 2019. He also served as a member of the Board of Trustees of the University of Scranton in Pennsylvania until 2021, including service on its finance, advancement, and audit committees. Mr. Weiss holds a B.S. in Accounting from the University of Scranton. Robert S. Weiss Age: 79 Director since 1996 Independent Director 24 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Mr. White has served as President Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our Board of Directors since May 2018. Under his leadership, CooperCompanies has developed into a unified, synergistic operating company and global medical device leader driving strong revenue and profit growth through organizational evolution while elevating CooperVision to the world s #1 contact lens company by wearers and CooperSurgical to the global leader in fertility devices and a U.S. leader in high risk labor and delivery safety. Prior to his appointment as CEO, Mr. White served in various leadership roles across CooperCompanies, developing an intimate understanding of the business and its markets. He served as Chief Financial Officer from November 2016 to May 2018 and as EVP and Chief Strategy Officer beginning in 2015 and 2011, respectively. From August 2015 to May 2018, he also led the Company s women s healthcare business and served as CEO of Cooper Medical Inc., the parent company of CooperSurgical. Earlier in his tenure at CooperCompanies, he held the roles of VP, Investor Relations (2007 2013) and VP and Treasurer (2006 2012). Before joining CooperCompanies, Mr. White spent three years as a Director at KeyBanc Capital Markets and held numerous positions of increasing responsibility within KeyBank National Association over the prior eight years. Mr. White also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Evolus, Inc. (NASDAQ: EOLS), a performance beauty company building an aesthetic portfolio of consumer brands. He is Chair of the Compensation Committee and a member of the Audit Committee. Mr. White holds a B.S. in Finance and an MBA, both from Virginia Tech. Albert G. White III Age: 56 Director since 2018 President Chief Executive Officer CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Compensation of Directors Directors of publicly traded companies have substantial responsibilities and time commitments and, with ongoing changes in corporate governance standards, highly qualified and experienced directors are in high demand; therefore, we seek to provide suitable economic incentives for our directors and to compensate them appropriately for their continued performance, increased responsibilities, and dedication. This compensation applies only to our non-employee directors. Members of the Board who are also our employees receive no additional compensation for their service as directors. The OCC reviews and recommends compensation amounts for our non-employee directors. The full Board approves compensation based on these recommendations. The OCC considers director responsibilities, compensation practices of our peer companies, and recommendations from Compensia, the OCC's independent compensation consultant, in making non-employee director compensation recommendations to the Board. Compensation levels are reviewed at least annually and modified as the Board considers necessary or appropriate. Components of Director Compensation Cash Compensation In fiscal 2025, our non-employee directors received annual retainers for their service in amounts set forth in the table below. Additional annual retainers, in recognition of additional responsibility, are paid to the Chairman of the Board, the independent Lead Director (if any), and the Chair of each committee of the Board. Annual Retainer: Chairman of the Board $190,000 Lead Director $91,500 All Other Non-Employee Directors $65,000 Additional Annual Retainer for Service as a Committee Chair: Audit Committee $25,000 Organization Compensation Committee $20,000 Corporate Governance Nominating Committee $15,000 Equity Compensation Our non-employee directors automatically receive an annual equity grant ("Annual Equity Grant") in the form of RSUs under the Company s 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the 2020 Directors Plan ). The Annual Equity Grant has a total grant date value of $270,000 (or $283,500 and $297,000 in the case of the Lead Director (if any) and Chairman, respectively) and are awarded annually on April 1st. If a non-employee director is appointed or elected after April 1st, then the director will receive a grant on the date of such appointment or election that is proportionally adjusted to reflect the number of months of actual service on the Board during the first fiscal year of their election or appointment. Awards vest in full on the first anniversary of the date of grant, except that if a director ends their term of service prior to the vesting date, the number of shares released under the award will be prorated according to the portion of the year actually served and the prorated number of shares will be released on the standard April 1 vesting date. If a director s service were terminated prior to the vesting date for Cause, as defined in the 2020 Directors Plan, the director would immediately forfeit the award. 26 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Director Compensation Table The following table sets forth the total compensation paid to the non-employee directors for their service on the Board and its committees during the 2025 fiscal year. At present, the non-employee directors are not eligible to participate in our pension programs and no deferred compensation or non-equity incentive plans are available to the non-employee directors. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) ($) Stock Awards (2)(3) ($) Total ($) Colleen E. Jay (Chairman) 85,000 269,979 354,979 Barbara A. Carbone (4) 32,500 247,477 279,977 William A. Kozy (5) 39,375 39,375 Lawrence E. Kurzius 65,000 269,979 334,979 Cynthia L. Lucchese 78,750 269,979 348,729 Teresa S. Madden 90,000 269,979 359,979 Maria Rivas, M.D. 65,000 269,979 334,979 Walter M Rosebrough, Jr. (6) Robert S. Weiss 190,000 296,961 486,961 (1) Fees earned represent all cash compensation paid to the non-employee directors for their service during the fiscal year. (2) Represents the grant date fair value of RSUs granted under the 2020 Directors Plan to all the non-employee directors serving on April 1, 2025, as follows: - Mr. Weiss, who at the time served as Chairman of the Board, was granted 3,654 RSUs. - Mses. Jay, Lucchese, and Madden, Mr. Kurzius, and Dr. Rivas were each granted 3,322 RSUs. The amount reported for Ms. Carbone represents the grant date fair value of 3,050 RSUs she received upon joining the Board on May 1, 2025. All awards will vest in full on the first anniversary of the grant date, subject to continued service on such date. The amounts shown reflect compensation costs recognized in our financial statements in accordance with ASC 718. For a discussion of valuation assumptions, see Note 9, Stock Plans, in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our 2025 Annual Report. (3) As of October 31, 2025, each non-employee director held the following RSUs and options: Name Number of RSUs Outstanding (#) Shares Underlying Outstanding Stock Options (#) Colleen E. Jay 3,322 7,064 Barbara A. Carbone 3,050 William A. Kozy 7,064 Lawrence E. Kurzius 3,322 Cynthia L. Lucchese 3,322 Teresa S. Madden 3,322 Maria Rivas, M.D. 3,322 Walter M Rosebrough, Jr. Robert S. Weiss 3,654 (4) Payment to Ms. Carbone represents a pro rata annual retainer for service as a director from May 1, 2025, the date she joined the Board. CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 27 (5) Payment to Mr. Kozy represents a pro rata annual retainer for service as a director through March 2025. Mr. Kozy retired as a director effective on the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting and, accordingly, was not granted RSUs under the 2020 Directors Plan. Mr. Kozy's outstanding options will remain exercisable by their terms for three years from his resignation as a director. (6) Mr. Rosebrough joined the Board on January 3, 2026 and did not serve as a director or receive compensation during fiscal year 2025. Director Stock Ownership Requirements The Board has adopted stock ownership requirements for non-employee directors. The Board adopted this requirement to strengthen the relationship between director and stockholder interests. Under the current requirements, non-employee directors must hold shares of our common stock valued at five times their annual retainer. Shares held must be free of restrictions to meet ownership requirements, and until the required ownership values are met the non-employee directors must retain 100% of the shares of common stock received on vesting of stock awards or on exercise of stock options. All of our then-serving non-employee directors complied with the applicable ownership requirements as of October 31, 2025. 28 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Executive Officers of the Company Set forth below is information regarding our executive officers as of February 1, 2026 (other than our CEO, who is also a director and whose information appears above with information regarding our nominees for election as director). Mr. Andrews has served as Executive Vice President since December 2020, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since May 2018, Treasurer since January 2013 and Vice President since November 2014. He also served as Vice President, Global Logistics and Service for CooperSurgical, a position he held from June 2017 to May 2018. Mr. Andrews previously served as Assistant Treasurer for the Company from April 2006 to December 2012. Prior to joining the Company, he held various corporate and investment banking positions at KeyBanc Capital Markets from 2002 to 2006 and at ING Barings from 2000 to 2001. Mr. Andrews holds a B.A. in Economics from Columbia University. Brian G. Andrews Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer Age: 47 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Mr. McBride has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since November 2013 and as General Counsel and Secretary since October 2025. He previously served as President of CooperVision from February 2014 through February 2022, as our Chief Risk Officer from July 2011 through October 2013, as our General Counsel from November 2007 through January 2014, and as Vice President from July 2006 through October 2013. He also served as Senior Counsel from February 2005 through November 2007. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. McBride was an attorney with Latham Watkins LLP from October 1998 to February 2005, concentrating on mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance matters. Mr. McBride holds a B.S. in Finance from Santa Clara University and a J.D. from Stanford Law School (Order of the Coif). Daniel G. McBride Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel Secretary Age: 61 Ms. Sheffield has served as President of CooperSurgical since July 2020. Previously, she served as Executive Vice President Chief Strategy Officer from June 2018 to July 2020. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Sheffield had over 20 years of experience in investment banking. She joined CooperSurgical from UBS Securities LLC, where she was a Managing Director, Global Head of Medical Technology from 2009 to May 2018. From 2000 to 2009, Ms. Sheffield was at Credit Suisse and from 1997-2000, Ms. Sheffield was at Donaldson, Lufkin Jenrette until it was acquired by Credit Suisse. Ms. Sheffield received a B.S. from Cornell University and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School. Holly R. Sheffield President, CooperSurgical, Inc. Age: 55 30 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Mr. Warner has served as President, CooperVision from February 2022. He previously served as Executive Vice President, Americas Global Commercial Functions of CooperVision from April 2019 to January 2022 and as President, Americas from May 2015 to March 2019. Mr. Warner served in various other Vice President and Senior Vice President positions with CooperVision from May 2012 through April 2015. Prior to joining CooperVision, Mr. Warner spent 17 years at Bausch + Lomb in a variety of marketing and management roles. Mr. Warner earned a B.S. in Business Administration in Marketing from Villanova University and an M.B.A. from The Simon School of Business, University of Rochester. Gerard H. Warner III President, CooperVision, Inc. Age: 61 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes our compensation program and the compensation decisions made by the OCC related to the compensation of our CEO, Chief Financial Officer, and our three other most highly compensated persons serving as executive officers as of October 31, 2025 (collectively, "NEOs") in the following roles: Name Title Albert G. White III President Chief Executive Officer Brian G. Andrews Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer Daniel G. McBride Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel Secretary Holly R. Sheffield President, CooperSurgical, Inc. Gerard H. Warner III President, CooperVision, Inc. Executive Summary Fiscal 2025 Performance Fiscal 2025 was a pivotal year highlighted by organizational transformation, resilience and disciplined execution. In Fiscal 2025, our commitment to operational excellence allowed us to deliver strong financial performance, including exceeding consensus earnings expectations every quarter of the year with double-digit full-year earnings growth and exceeding consensus free cash flow expectations. Strategically, we advanced critical initiatives strengthening our foundation for growth. We accelerated and completed major restructuring activities, aggressively finished acquisition-related integration work, advanced numerous facility buildouts, resolved supply chain challenges, and implemented essential IT systems with minimal customer disruption. We met key regulatory milestones, launched innovative products, and drove our OneCooper vision (our whole company consolidation and transformation initiatives) forward - transforming all G A functions into global platforms unlocking significant cost savings. Importantly, these efforts translated into improved cash flow which positioned us to fund share repurchases, reduce debt and pursue strategic investments that reinforce our commitment to long-term shareholder returns. We enter fiscal 2026 with clear priorities to drive long-term shareholder value: accelerating top-line growth, improving profitability, accelerating cash generation, and continuing share repurchases. Key Highlights for Fiscal 2025 (1) include: Revenue of $4,092.4 million, up 5% from fiscal 2024, up 5% in constant currency, up 4% organically. CooperVision revenue of $2,743.8 million, up 5% from fiscal 2024, up 5% in constant currency, up 5% organically. CooperSurgical revenue of $1,348.6 million, up 5% from fiscal 2024, up 5% in constant currency, up 3% organically. Gross margin of 66% compared with 67% in fiscal 2024. Non-GAAP gross margin was 68% compared with 67% in fiscal 2024. 32 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Operating margin of 17% compared with 18% in fiscal 2024. Non-GAAP operating margin was 26% compared with 25% in fiscal 2024. Cash provided by operations of $796.1 million offset by capital expenditures of $362.4 million resulted in free cash flow of $433.7 million. For fiscal year 2025, the Company repurchased $290.1 million of common stock, approximately 4.1 million shares, at an average price of $69.30. In September 2025, the Board expanded the share repurchase program by $1 billion, bringing the total authorization to $2 billion. At the end of the fourth quarter, nearly $1 billion remained available for additional repurchases. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company completed significant reorganization and integration activity. These efforts began in early third quarter 2025 and advanced quickly with a clear focus on improving operational efficiency and reducing back-office costs. By leveraging prior IT investments and AI capabilities, key support functions were integrated unlocking meaningful productivity gains. At the same time, acquisition-related integration work was completed strengthening our platform for scalable growth. In total, this activity resulted in approximately $89 million in cash and non-cash charges, and we expect annual pre-tax savings of approximately $50 million beginning in fiscal 2026. (1) For a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures, see Reconciliation of Selected GAAP Results to Non-GAAP Results . Overall, we are proud of our successes during the 2025 fiscal year and our momentum entering fiscal 2026. The OCC took these efforts, and the resulting achievements, into consideration in its executive compensation decisions for fiscal 2025. Fiscal 2025 Compensation Highlights Our executive compensation program is designed to support our business and compensation objectives and to reinforce our pay for performance culture through performance-based compensation that rewards achievement of our financial and other goals and positive stockholder outcomes. In fiscal 2025, approximately 93% of Mr. White s target total direct compensation and 83% of target total direct compensation for our other NEOs (on average) was performance-based, tied to financial and other performance metrics and stockholder return outcomes. Our NEOs were eligible to earn cash annual incentives under our 2025 Incentive Payment Plan ( 2025 IPP ) based on our level of achievement of financial results (weighted 85%) and non-financial goals (weighted 15%). For Mr. White, Mr. Andrews and Mr. McBride, financial goals were tied to total company revenue, non-GAAP EPS and free cash flow targets. For Ms. Sheffield and Mr. Warner, financial goals were tied to revenue and non-GAAP operating income of CooperSurgical and CooperVision, respectively, and included a component tied to total company performance. For the 2025 IPP, the OCC added free cash flow as a metric for corporate executives given its increasing importance as a measure of our performance internally and with investors. Payouts to our NEOs under the 2025 IPP were between 90% and 101% of target. Fiscal 2025 long-term incentives delivered in a mix of time-vesting stock options and performance-based stock units for Mr. White and a mix of time-vesting RSUs, time-vesting stock options, and performance-based stock units for other NEOs. The combination of long-term incentive vehicles, including an emphasis on time-based stock options and performance-based restricted stock units granted to Mr. White, reflects a focus on long-term, performance-based compensation consistent with our overarching pay-for-performance philosophy. Performance-based stock units tied to our fiscal year 2023 through fiscal 2025 performance were earned at 200% of target. This reflects achievement of 11.1% non-GAAP constant currency EPS growth, exceeding our maximum level of achievement approved by the OCC in December 2023 of 11%. Fiscal 2026 Compensation Preview Our OCC reviews the executive compensation structure annually, incorporating input from the Committee s independent compensation consultant accounting for broad market trends, practices among companies in our approved compensation peer group, input from our stockholders (including through our annual say-on-pay voting), and our own compensation philosophy and objectives. The OCC s review included several meetings in July, October and December 2025 to review market data, initial findings and considerations, and approve changes to our programs and practices. CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 33 In connection with this review, the OCC made additional changes and enhancements to our executive compensation program for fiscal 2026, including adding a total shareholder return component to the performance awards, as described below. Long-Term Incentive Delivery The OCC approved the addition of performance-based stock units tied to relative total shareholder return ( TSR ) as a component of our executive compensation program. Beginning with fiscal 2026, long-term incentive awards, executive equity will be delivered in the following mix: 50% in time-vesting stock options, or time-vesting RSUs, or an equally weighted mix of both options and RSUs, at the election of the executive; 25% in performance-based stock units tied to our three-year annualized growth rate of adjusted constant currency EPS; and 25% in performance-based stock units tied to our three-year relative TSR, measured against the companies included in the S P Healthcare Equipment Index. The OCC believes the addition of a long-term relative metric to our plan further aligns the interests of our executives with those of our stockholders and strengthens the pay-for-performance rigor of our executive compensation program. 2026 Incentive Plan Design For fiscal 2026, the same corporate financial objectives will apply to all NEOs under the 2026 Incentive Payment Plan. The OCC believes that this transition from segment to corporate goals for Ms. Sheffield and Mr. Warner is aligned with their broad leadership mandate and our continued emphasis on whole company initiatives. Fiscal 2026 NEO Compensation Taking into consideration market data provided by the Committee s independent consultant, the OCC determined to maintain compensation levels for our NEOs in fiscal 2026 at the same target levels applicable to each executive in fiscal 2025. Compensation Philosophy and Objectives Our executive compensation program is designed to provide market-competitive target total direct compensation opportunities for our NEOs based on a pay for performance philosophy and to align our NEOs interests with those of our stockholders by emphasizing certain principles: Aligning compensation with performance by connecting executive compensation to financial measures that correlate strongly with stockholder returns; Balancing short-term financial results with long-term strategic objectives; Rewarding achievement of challenging corporate objectives, without encouraging inappropriate risk-taking; Providing competitive pay packages aligned to market compensation practices; and Maintaining sufficient flexibility to allow recognition of significant individual achievements by our NEOs. The OCC believes that each element of executive compensation and the total compensation provided to each of our NEOs is reasonable, competitive and appropriate. The OCC believes that our executive compensation program provides an appropriate mix of elements that will allow us to continue to attract, retain and motivate a top-performing management team, without encouraging excessive or inappropriate risk-taking by our NEOs and that our compensation arrangements create incentives that drive our continued strong financial performance. The compensation payable to our NEOs depends primarily on our financial performance and returns to our stockholders. This strategy has supported strong financial and operational results, and we have maintained steady growth and returns for our stockholders over the past decade. We consider our executive compensation program design to be integral to our success and believe the performance measures selected for use in our incentive compensation plans serve as significant drivers of our continued success. 34 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Elements of our Executive Compensation Program The primary elements of our executive compensation program are designed to allow us to attract and retain qualified executive officers and to connect NEO compensation to stockholder returns and company objectives. Base Salary We offer base salaries that are intended to provide a level of stable fixed compensation to our NEOs for performance of day-to-day services. Base salaries for our NEOs are generally reviewed annually to determine whether an adjustment is warranted, with any changes in base salary generally effective on the first day of the calendar year. Annual Cash Incentive We provide our NEOs the opportunity to earn annual cash bonuses on the same basis as our employees who are eligible under our corporate bonus program. These cash bonuses are intended to encourage achievement of short-term business goals as reflected in our annual operating budget. Long-Term Equity Incentives We provide our NEOs the opportunity to earn shares of our common stock through stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs) and performance-based restricted stock units (PSUs), which connects equity incentives to strategic objectives and priorities linked to long-term success, supports alignment between executives and stockholders, and encourages executive retention. The majority of NEO compensation is a combination of annual cash and long-term equity incentives. This creates a direct link between our performance and NEO compensation. Additionally, compensation is balanced between short-term and long-term factors to encourage attention to annual financial and operational objectives, and long-term strategic goals to drive long-term stockholder value creation. Annual target total direct compensation for our NEOs is based on current role, recent changes to responsibilities and overall execution of duties throughout the prior fiscal year. Company performance, internal compensation alignment, peer group practices and competitive market changes and conditions are also considered. In fiscal 2025, approximately 93% of Mr. White s target total direct compensation and 83% of target total direct compensation for our other NEOs (on average) was performance-based, tied to financial and other performance metrics and stockholder return outcomes. Base Salary Base Salary Cash Bonus Cash Bonus Time-Based RSUs/Stock Options Time-Based RSUs/Stock Options Performance Awards Performance Awards CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 35 Consideration of 2024 Say on Pay Vote The OCC considered the outcome of our annual Say on Pay vote at our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders in determining the design of our executive compensation program and the composition and levels of individual compensation packages for the 2025 fiscal year. At our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, approximately 90% of the votes cast on our Say on Pay proposal were voted in favor of the compensation program for our NEOs. The OCC viewed this as an indication of support for our NEO compensation in fiscal 2024 and considered this result in setting compensation for fiscal 2025 as described in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Discussion of Our Executive Compensation Program Compensation Setting Process The OCC s goal is generally to set all elements of NEO compensation within a competitive range, using a balanced approach that does not use rigid percentiles to target pay levels for each compensation element. For fiscal 2025, the OCC reviewed each element of compensation described below and set the target total direct compensation opportunities of our NEOs after taking into consideration the following factors: A compensation analysis of competitive market data performed by Compensia; Each NEO s scope of responsibilities, skill set, prior experience, and time in their position; The recommendations of our CEO; and General market conditions. The OCC does not assign relative weights or rankings to any of these factors and does not solely use any quantitative formula, target percentile or multiple for establishing compensation among the NEOs or in relation to the competitive market data. Instead, the OCC relies upon its members knowledge and judgment in assessing the various qualitative and quantitative inputs it receives regarding each individual and makes compensation decisions accordingly. Role of the Organization and Compensation Committee The OCC oversees our executive compensation program. In this capacity, the OCC regularly reviews our program to ensure that we maintain an effective and appropriate link between pay and performance and that our compensation practices do not encourage behaviors that could have adverse effects on the Company. The OCC seeks to ensure we maintain sound governance and compensation policies and practices. In designing and overseeing our executive compensation program, we strive to employ best practices. The OCC works closely with its compensation consultant, management, and such other advisors as the OCC considers appropriate to accurately assess our policies and practices. The OCC also regularly assesses the alignment between our executive compensation packages and our performance through: Regular updates from management on our business results; Review of our quarterly financial statements, management projections, and long-range plans; Review of management reports on continued progress on long-term strategies; Review of performance and market information regarding our peer group; and Review of broader industry compensation data relative to our market and other companies of comparable size. The OCC considers management input, the advice of Compensia, its compensation consultant, and publicly available peer information to be valuable tools in evaluating the relationship between executive compensation and Company performance. 36 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Role of Management The OCC considers input from management regarding executive compensation and performance to be a valuable tool in setting appropriate compensation levels. In addition to recommendations regarding annual executive compensation, management also provides recommendations to the OCC regarding: Selection of companies for our compensation peer group; Appropriate structure for our annual incentive payment plan, including financial performance measures, non-financial objectives, target performance levels, and calculation or determination of achievement levels; Long-term incentive plan design and annual award allocations; Employment terms and arrangements; and Stock trading and incentive compensation recovery policies and ownership guidelines. The OCC reviews management recommendations with its compensation consultant before making its own decisions on the compensation of our NEOs. Other than the CEO, none of the NEOs are present during the OCC's deliberations and voting regarding their compensation and the CEO is not present during the OCC's deliberations and voting regarding the CEO's compensation. The OCC meets in private session with only independent directors present to conclude deliberations and make final decisions regarding the compensation of all of the NEOs. Role of the Compensation Consultant In fiscal 2025, the OCC retained Compensia to provide information and analysis on the compensation of our NEOs. The OCC maintains sole authority to determine the terms of Compensia s retention and services, and a representative of Compensia generally attends the OCC meetings. The OCC has reviewed the nature of the relationship between itself and Compensia as an independent consulting firm and its relationship with the members of Compensia as individuals, for potential conflicts of interest. In conducting this review, the OCC considered the factors identified by the SEC and Nasdaq as possibly contributing to conflicts, including the scope of work performed for the OCC by Compensia, the fees paid to Compensia for services, and any personal or business relationships between our NEOs and members of the OCC and Compensia and its individual members. Compensia maintains internal policies specifically designed to prevent conflicts of interest. The OCC assessed the independence of Compensia and concluded that the services provided by Compensia do not raise any conflicts of interest. Compensation Peer Group The OCC uses a peer group for understanding and assessing competitive compensation levels and practices within our industry. Our compensation peer group is drawn from publicly traded companies headquartered in the United States and is reviewed annually. Recommendations for peer group companies are based on comparable industry, business model and/or executive labor market and similarity in company size and scope as measured by annual revenue and market capitalization. For fiscal 2025, companies in Healthcare Equipment, Healthcare Supplies, and Life Sciences Tools and Services industries with comparable business focuses and end markets were considered for inclusion in our compensation peer group. Our peer group selection criteria also targeted revenues between about $1.8 billion and $7.4 billion in the previous fiscal year (about 0.5x to 2.0x our own revenue) and market capitalization between about $5.6 billion and $56.4 billion (about 0.3x to 3.0x our 30-trading day average market capitalization). CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 37 Our compensation peer group for fiscal 2025 was the same as the peer group for fiscal 2024 and was comprised of the following companies: Agilent Technologies, Inc. Illumina, Inc. Align Technology, Inc. Masimo Corporation Bausch + Lomb Corporation ResMed Inc. Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. Revvity, Inc. Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. STERIS plc DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. Teleflex Incorporated DexCom, Inc. Waters Corporation Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Hologic, Inc. 38 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Compensation Decisions for Fiscal Year 2025 Base Salaries Salary changes for fiscal 2025 were structured to align executive compensation with similar roles from our peer group. This is consistent with the OCC s overall philosophy regarding retention of key talent and maintaining stable leadership for the Company. Increases for certain executives were approved in the context of salary levels that were meaningfully below the median of competitive market data provided by Compensia. Larger increases for Mr. Andrews and Mr. Warner reflected market data, internal pay equity, and each executive s strong performance and contributions in their respective roles. Executive 2024 Base Salary (1) ($) 2025 Base Salary (1) ($) % Change Albert G. White III $1,120,000 $1,180,000 5.4 % Brian G. Andrews $650,000 $750,000 15.4 % Daniel G. McBride $750,000 $800,000 6.7 % Holly R. Sheffield $625,000 $650,000 4.0 % Gerard H. Warner III $550,000 $650,000 18.2 % (1) Salaries as presented here represent amounts approved by the OCC for the indicated fiscal year. Salary changes become effective on a calendar year basis and therefore amounts presented here may differ from the Summary Compensation Table which presents amounts earned during the fiscal year. Annual Cash Incentives 2025 Incentive Payment Plan At the beginning of each fiscal year, the OCC approves an Incentive Payment Plan ( IPP ) to provide annual performance-based cash incentive opportunities. The OCC sets participation levels under the IPP (target incentive opportunities) for our NEOs. Each NEO s annual incentive opportunity under the IPP is allocated into two components: 85% of the target is tied to quantitative, pre-established financial performance metrics; and 15% of the target is payable based on specified non-financial goals intended to recognize strategic and operational accomplishments. This combination of financial metrics and non-financial goals encourages our NEOs to focus on both our immediate business objectives and annual financial performance, as well as other non-financial factors that support longer-term performance. Achievement levels for the quantitative financial performance metrics used in the IPP are based on targets in our annual operating budget and achievement against the non-financial goals is based on the OCC s assessment of our achievement of strategic and operational goals approved at the beginning of the fiscal year. Target incentive opportunities under the IPP are calculated as a designated percentage of base salary for the fiscal year as follows: Base Salary ($) X IPP Participation Level (%) X Financial Metrics and Non-Financial Goals Achievement (%) = Total Bonus Paid ($) CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 39 Quantitative Financial Performance Component The quantitative financial performance metrics for the 2025 IPP were (in constant currency) (a) revenue, non-GAAP EPS and free cash flow for the Company, and (b) revenue, non-GAAP operating income and total company performance (including free cash flow) for CooperVision and CooperSurgical. The target levels for these financial metrics for the 2025 IPP were based on our annual operating budget, as approved by our Board at the beginning of fiscal 2025. Weighting for each of these financial metrics is described below under Financial Objective Achievement. Payout opportunities for our NEOs under the 2025 IPP ranged from 50% to 200%, with the payout for performance between these levels using interpolation between the data points. Failure to achieve threshold performance would result in no payout for the financial goal. The maximum award for each NEO for any financial goal is capped at 200%. Performance Measure (Constant Currency) Threshold Target Maximum Revenue 95 % 100 % 105 % Non-GAAP EPS 90 % 100 % 110 % Non-GAAP Operating Income 90 % 100 % 110 % Free Cash Flow 75 % 100 % 125 % The 2025 IPP provides for adjustment to quantitative financial performance metrics for acquisitions and/or divestitures and other items during the fiscal year as determined by the Board. The OCC also has discretionary authority to reduce the amount awarded based on the financial metric component of the annual cash incentive, regardless of achievement levels, to the extent the OCC considers such reduction to be in the Company s best interests based on any facts and circumstances. Award payments could also be reduced or wholly eliminated by the OCC if a review of the results for the first month of fiscal 2026 reflected anomalous unfavorable events that were attributable to fiscal 2025. Non-Financial Performance Component Non-financial goals for the 2025 IPP were selected by the OCC at the beginning of fiscal 2025 to reflect operational, organizational, and business goals not directly reflected in the quantitative financial measures for the year. These non-financial goals generally aligned with the objectives approved by the Board at the beginning of the fiscal year and determination of NEO achievement was dependent on the OCC s assessment of our achievement against the designated goals, subject to a cap on maximum achievement at 200%. In determining achievement for the NEOs, the OCC considered Mr. White s assessment of the collective achievement against the selected objectives as well as the OCC s own evaluation of such performance and recommendations from Compensia. 40 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Overall 2025 IPP Achievement Based on the OCC s determination of achievement against the selected quantitative metrics and non-financial goals for fiscal 2025, the OCC approved the following awards for each NEO under the 2025 IPP. NEO Target Participation Level Financial Metrics Non-Financial Goals Award Payout Target Bonus ($) (2) (% of Base Salary) Weighted Achievement (3) Goal Weighting Weighted Achievement (3) Goal Weighting ($) (% of Target) (% of Actual Base Salary) A. White (1) $1,512,340 130 % 101.1 % 85 % 100 % 15 % $1,525,951 100.9 % 130.4 % B. Andrews $550,377 75 % 101.1 % 85 % 100 % 15 % $555,330 100.9 % 75.7 % D. McBride $633,534 80 % 101.1 % 85 % 100 % 15 % $639,236 100.9 % 80.7 % H. Sheffield (1) $484,470 75 % 88.1 % 85 % 100 % 15 % $435,539 89.9 % 67.4 % G. Warner (1) $475,380 75 % 89.9 % 85 % 100 % 15 % $434,497 91.4 % 68.6 % (1) Achievement for each of Ms. Sheffield and Mr. Warner is based on the performance of the bonus plan for CooperSurgical and CooperVision, respectively. (2) Mr. White's target bonus as a percentage of salary increased from 125% to 130% on January 1, 2025. His target bonus and award payout are prorated based on the target bonus percentage in effect during the year. No changes were made to the other NEOs' target bonuses as a percentage of salary. Target bonus is calculated using the bonus eligible salary, which is prorated to reflect any pay changes during the fiscal year. (3) Weighted achievement reflects achievement against goal weighting. Achievement levels and awards paid reflect amounts approved based on the performance detailed below. Financial Objective Achievement Financial objective achievement under the 2025 IPP for the Company and for each division was as follows: Overall Financial Metric (Constant Currency) Budget Target ($ in Millions; except EPS) Metric Weighting Achievement ($ in Millions, except EPS) (% of Target) Weighted Achievement Under 2025 IPP (% of Target) Revenue (1) $4,149 50 % $4,064 (97.9%) 39.7% (79.5%) Non-GAAP EPS $4.06 25 % $4.08 (100.6%) 26.6% (106.4%) Free Cash Flow $350 10 % $434 (123.9%) 19.6% (195.7%) Total Achievement: 85 % 85.9% (101.1%) (1) Revenue as reported was $4,092.4 million versus 2025 IPP achievement of $4,064 million on a constant currency basis. The difference is due to adjustment to the foreign exchange rate used in connection with our annual budget. The foreign exchange rate used to compute the budget target was the same rate used for the 2025 IPP achievement calculation. CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 41 CooperVision Financial Metric (Constant Currency) Budget Target ($ in Millions) Metric Weighting Achievement ($ in Millions) (% of Target) Weighted Achievement Under 2025 IPP (% of Target) Revenue (1) $2,781 33 % $2,716 (97.7%) 25.5% (76.6%) Non-GAAP Operating Income $804 17 % $792 (98.6%) 15.5% (92.8%) Total Company 35 % 35.4% (35.4%) Total Achievement: 85 % 76.4% (89.9%) (1) Revenue for CooperVision as reported was $2,743.8 million versus 2025 IPP achievement of $2,716 million on a constant currency basis. The difference is due to adjustment to the foreign exchange rate used in connection with our annual budget. The foreign exchange rate used to compute the budget target was the same rate used for the 2025 IPP achievement calculation. CooperSurgical Financial Metric (Constant Currency) Budget Target ($ in Millions) Metric Weighting Achievement ($ in Millions) (% of Target) Weighted Achievement Under 2025 IPP (% of Target) Revenue (1) $1,367.80 33 % $1,348 (98.5%) 28.4% (85.3%) Non-GAAP Operating Income $355.00 17 % $331 (93.3%) 11.1% (66.7%) Total Company 35 % 35.4% (35.4%) Total Achievement: 85 % 74.9% (88.1%) (1) Revenue for CooperSurgical as reported was $1,348.6 million versus 2025 IPP achievement of $1,348 million on a constant currency basis. The difference is due to adjustment to the foreign exchange rate used in connection with our annual budget. The foreign exchange rate used to compute the budget target was the same rate used for the 2025 IPP achievement calculation. A full discussion of our financial results can be found in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 2025 Annual Report . For a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures, see Reconciliation of Selected GAAP Results to Non-GAAP Results . 42 CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement Non-Financial Objective Achievement The non-financial goals selected by the OCC in December 2024 for fiscal 2025 are summarized as follows: Category Goals Operational Gain market share in contact lenses, focus on growing daily silicone hydrogel lenses Gain market share in fertility, focusing on expansion and key accounts Manage expansion activity for CooperVision and CooperSurgical, including key manufacturing and distribution expansions Effect key IT upgrades for both CooperVision and CooperSurgical Organizational Advance OneCooper initiatives (whole company consolidation and transformation efforts) to improve efficiencies Business Refine company-wide strategic planning, incorporating whole company functions and improve cross-functional activity On review of performance for the year, the OCC determined that the NEOs had met or exceeded the non-financial goals and set achievement at 100% of target for the 15% of each NEO s target incentive opportunity based on such goals. The OCC s determination was based on its own assessment of the NEO s accomplishments rather than a formulaic determination of achievement. In making its determination, the OCC considered numerous achievements against the non-financial objectives, including: Goals Key Achievements Operational: CooperVision Gained market share for calendar year 2025 (based on internal estimates). Remained the #1 contact lens company in the world based on number of wearers (based on internal estimates). MyDay family of daily silicone hydrogels grew double digits Enhanced facilities and capacity, including on-time and on-budget progress with major facility expansions in Puerto Rico Received key medical device regulatory certification in Europe ahead of plan Expanded manufacturing lines relieving constraints on MyDay products and new product development activities Completed key ERP implementation work for CooperVision's UK and Japan operations Completed significant organizational restructuring CooperSurgical Gained share in fertility (based on internal estimates) despite weakness in the US market Launched multiple new pioneering products Opened new US distribution center and established new distribution capabilities to increase capacity and improve customer experience Achieved integration milestones for acquisitions of Cook Medical, Zymot Fertility and OBP Surgical in fiscal 2024 Improved inventory management to reduce overall inventory holdings without compromising service Completed significant organizational restructuring Completed key upgrades to CooperSurgical's US ERP CooperCompanies 2026 Proxy Statement 43 Goals Key Achievements Organizational: OneCooper Initiatives Completed whole company consolidation and transformation initiatives across key general and administrative functions, including a successful return-to-office program, strengthening our ability to leverage talent and resources across the business and support operational efficiencies Completed significant organizational restructuring program with expected annual pre-tax savings of $50 million beginning in fiscal 2026, facilitated by successful whole company initiatives Business: Strategic Planning Refined company-wide strategic planning process to provide better visibility to mid and long-term performance objectives and improve effective cross-functional activity Conducted a strategic review of the business Long-Term Incentive Compensation For fiscal 2025, the OCC used a combination of time-vested and performance-based equity awards to deliver long-term incentive compensation to our NEOs. In setting equity compensation, the OCC dis