=== COO_2025-12-05.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our business faces significant risks. These risks include those described below and may include additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks, and the trading prices of our common stock could decline by virtue of these risks. These risks should be read in conjunction with the other information in this report. Risks Relating to Our Business Current market conditions and recessionary pressures in one or more of our markets could impact our ability to grow our business. Over the last few years in the United States and globally, market and economic conditions have been challenging. The United States and foreign countries have experienced recessionary pressures and face continued concerns about the systemic impacts of adverse economic conditions and geopolitical issues. Any negative impact on economic conditions and international markets, continued volatility or deterioration in the debt and equity capital markets, inflation, deflation or other adverse economic conditions may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. It may limit our ability to replace maturing liabilities and to access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Ongoing uncertain economic and financial market conditions may also adversely affect the financial condition of our customers, suppliers and other business partners. When our customers’ financial conditions are adversely affected, customers may reduce their purchases of our products or we may not be able to collect accounts receivable, each of which could have a material adverse impact on our business. Our global business has been negatively affected by local economic conditions, including inflation, increasing labor costs, recession, and currency exchange rate fluctuations, which has adversely affected our cost to manufacture and provide our products and services and revenues generated through sales of such products and services. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to fully absorb any such additional costs or revenue declines in the prices for our products and services. CooperVision and CooperSurgical are encountering consolidation in their customer bases and emergence of more centralized large customer groups and retail chains. Due to this trend, global and regional key account customers now represent a larger proportion or concentration of our business and any disruption to these relationships may have a material adverse impact on our business. Inflation could materially adversely affect our business. Our operating results could be materially impacted by changes in the overall macroeconomic environment and other economic factors that impact our cost structure and revenue. Changes in economic conditions, supply chain constraints, logistics challenges, labor shortages, international conflicts, and steps taken by governments and central banks, as well as other stimulus and spending programs, have led to higher inflation, which is likely to lead to an increase in costs and may cause changes in fiscal and monetary policy, including increased interest rates. In a higher inflationary environment, we may be unable to raise the prices of our products and services sufficiently to keep up with the rate of inflation. Our substantial and expanding international operations are subject to uncertainties which could affect our business. A significant portion of our current operations are conducted and located outside the United States, and our growth strategy involves expanding our existing foreign operations and entering into new foreign jurisdictions. We have significant manufacturing and distribution sites in North America, Latin America and Europe. Approximately half of our net sales for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2025, and 2024, were derived from the sale of products outside the United States. We believe that sales outside the United States will continue to account for a material portion of our total net sales for the foreseeable future. International operations and business expansion plans are subject to numerous additional risks, including the following: • difficulty managing a large organization spread throughout various countries; • fluctuations in currency exchange rates adversely affecting our results; • challenges associated with enforcing intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; • difficulty gaining market share in countries such as China because of regulatory restrictions and customer preferences; 20 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES • difficulty growing our sales in emerging markets such as China, India, Russia, Brazil and other developing nations due to, among other things, customer acceptance, undeveloped and/or unfamiliar distribution channels, regulatory restrictions and changes, and business knowledge of these new markets; • foreign earnings being subject to withholding requirements or the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions, including the tariffs enacted by the Chinese government on certain U.S. goods, the scope and duration of which remain uncertain; • challenges in complying with a variety of international legal, compliance and regulatory requirements such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the UK Bribery Act, international data security and privacy laws, EU MDR and EU IVDR and environmental laws and requirements applicable to our facilities, products or manufacturing processes, including evolving regulations regarding the use of hazardous substances or chemicals in our products; • the need to engage third-party agents or intermediaries to act on our behalf in certain countries, including in those countries with a high risk of corruption; • foreign customers creating longer payment cycles than customers in the United States; • failure to comply with U.S. Department of Commerce and other nations' import-export controls may result in fines and/or penalties; • general economic and political conditions in the countries where we operate having an adverse effect on our operations in those countries or being unfavorable to our growth strategy; • international conflicts, acts or threats of war or terrorism may lead to significant market and other disruptions, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability, trade disputes or trade barriers, embargoes, changes in consumer or purchase preferences, as well as an increase in cyberattacks and espionage; • challenges in complying with new and evolving international economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations; • natural disasters, pandemics and labor disruptions, the duration and severity of which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict; • foreign governments adopting regulations, including those similar to the EU MDR and EU IVDR or take other actions that would have a direct or indirect adverse impact on our business and market opportunities, including but not limited to increased enforcement of potentially conflicting and ambiguous anti-bribery and privacy laws; • challenges enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through some foreign legal systems; and • unforeseen economic or political events in certain countries that may have an impact on our customers' ability or preferences to buy our products. As we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. However, any of these factors could adversely affect our international operations and, consequently, our business. Economic and trade sanctions, including tariff and import/export regulations by the U.S. and foreign governments, could make it more difficult or costly for us to conduct our operations or achieve our business objectives. Our business must be conducted in compliance with applicable economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations, including those administered and enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the United Nations Security Council, and other relevant governmental authorities. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit altogether the sale or supply of certain of our products to certain governments, persons, entities, countries, and territories, including those that are the target of comprehensive sanctions, unless there are license exceptions that apply or specific licenses are obtained. A failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in civil or criminal sanctions, including the imposition of fines and the denial of export privileges, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Changes in import and export policies, including new, increased or retaliatory tariffs, sanctions and countersanctions and customs restrictions by the U.S. and foreign governments, may disrupt our supply chain, adversely affect our relationships with customers and impact our competitiveness. It may be time-consuming and expensive for us to alter our business operations to adapt to or comply with any such changes. If we are unable to effectively manage these risks, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 21 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Acquisitions and other strategic transactions that we have made and may make in the future involve numerous risks. We have a history of acquiring businesses and products that have significantly contributed to our growth in recent years. As part of our growth strategy, we intend to continue to consider acquiring complementary technologies, products and businesses and establishing joint ventures or other strategic relationships. Future transactions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities and an increase in amortization and/or impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect upon our business. Risks we could face with respect to these acquisitions and other strategic transaction include: • failure to successfully obtain the anticipated revenues, margins and earnings benefits; • difficulties in, and expenses related to, the integration of the operations, technologies, information technology and other enterprise resource planning systems, products and personnel of the acquired company and establishment of appropriate accounting controls and reporting procedures, data protection systems and other regulatory compliance procedures, including but not limited to third-party compliance and due diligence; • increased leverage and the risk of lack of access to available financing, including financing for the acquisition or refinancing of debt owed by us on a timely basis and on reasonable terms; • risks of entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience; • potential loss of employees; • an inability to identify and consummate future acquisitions on favorable terms or at all; • diversion of management's attention away from other business concerns; • risks of the acquired company’s noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations; • expenses of any undisclosed or potential liabilities, contingent liabilities or indemnification obligations of the acquired company; • expenses, including restructuring expenses, to shut down our own locations or terminate our employees; • application of and compliance with new and unfamiliar regulatory frameworks; • failure to successfully obtain or maintain reimbursements under the third-party payor plans, including but not limited to governmental programs, due to complex reporting and payment obligations; • our ability to develop satisfactory working arrangements with our strategic partners in joint ventures or other affiliations; • a dilution of earnings per share; and • risks inherent in accounting allocations and the risk that we are required to record significant adjustments to the preliminary fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed within the measurement period. We face risks associated with disruption of our manufacturing, distribution and storage operations, including possible failure to develop necessary manufacturing processes, or constrained, idle or excess capacity, which could adversely affect our business. We manufacture a significant portion of the medical device products we sell. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our existing manufacturing or distribution facilities or our fertility and stem cell storage facilities, whether due to work stoppages, technical or labor difficulties, integration difficulties, destruction of or damage to any facility (as a result of natural disaster, use and storage of hazardous materials or other events), enforcement action by the FDA or other regulatory body if we are found to be in non-compliance with current cGMP, QSR or similar foreign requirements or other reasons, could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, materials such as silicone hydrogel require improvements to our manufacturing processes to make them cost-effective. While we have improved our manufacturing capabilities for our silicone hydrogel products, our failure to continue to develop improvements to our manufacturing processes and reduce our cost of goods could significantly impact our ability to compete. Conversely, constrained, excess or idle capacity, which could result from acquisitions, unexpected demand, inaccurate sales forecasting or unexpected manufacturing efficiencies, could significantly impact our profitability, capital investments, customer service levels and near-term financial condition. CooperVision manufactures molded contact lenses, which represent the majority of our contact lens revenues, primarily at our facilities in Costa Rica, Hungary, Puerto Rico, the United Kingdom and the United States, with other smaller facilities also existing in multiple locations around the world. CooperSurgical manufactures the majority of its products in Costa 22 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Rica, the United Kingdom and the United States, with other smaller locations also existing in multiple locations around the world. We manufacture certain products at only one manufacturing site for certain markets, and certain of our products are approved for manufacturing only at one site. Further, certain media products have limited storage lives, limiting inventory back-up strategies. If there were any prolonged disruption in the operations of the approved facility, it could take a significant amount of time to obtain required regulatory approvals, validate a second site and replace lost product, which could result in lost customers and thereby reduce sales, profitability and market share. CooperVision distributes products out of Belgium, Hungary, the United Kingdom and the United States and various smaller international distribution sites. CooperSurgical primarily distributes products out of its facilities in the United States and the Netherlands and operates fertility and stem cell storage facilities in the United States, Canada and Australia. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our existing distribution or storage facilities, whether due to technical or labor difficulties, challenges related to system implementation, destruction of or damage to any facility (as a result of natural disaster, use and storage of hazardous materials or other events) or other reasons, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Cybersecurity threats continue to increase in frequency and sophistication; a successful cybersecurity attack could interrupt or disrupt our information technology systems, or those of our third-party service providers, or cause the loss of confidential or protected data which could disrupt our business, force us to incur excessive costs or cause reputational harm. Security breaches, computer malware and computer hacking attacks have become more prevalent across industries and may occur on our systems or those of our third-party service providers or partners. The size and complexity of our information systems make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or vendors, or from attacks by malicious third parties. Such attacks are increasing in their frequency, levels of persistence, levels of sophistication and intensity, and are being conducted by sophisticated and organized groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise, especially given increased vulnerability of corporate information technology systems as distributed work environments have become prevalent. In addition to unauthorized access to or acquisition of personal data, confidential information, intellectual property or other sensitive information, such attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware and ransomware, and may use a variety of methods, including denial-of-service attacks, social engineering and other means, to attain such unauthorized access or acquisition or otherwise affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. Like many other companies, we experience attempted cybersecurity actions on a frequent basis, and the frequency of such attempts could increase in the future. While we have implemented procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate security threats and invested in the protection of data and information technology, we cannot be assured that our efforts will prevent or quickly identify service interruptions or security breaches. The techniques used by cybercriminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and can originate from a wide variety of sources, including outside groups such as external service providers, organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments or agencies. We cannot be assured that our data protection efforts and our investment in information technology will prevent significant breakdowns, data leakages or breaches in our systems or those of our third-party services providers or partners. Any such interruption or breach of our systems could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive confidential information, including protected health information (PHI), or intellectual property, and could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. There can be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, including our policies, controls or procedures, will be fully implemented, complied with or effective in protecting our systems and information. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems, and we cannot guarantee that applicable insurance will be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms or at all. We manage our businesses utilizing multiple complex integrated software and hardware information technology operating systems that are regularly maintained and upgraded; an interruption or disruption to these systems could disrupt our business or force us to incur excessive costs. We utilize multiple complex integrated software and hardware operating systems, including enterprise resource planning and warehouse management systems, to support our business units and we have a continuous improvement strategy in place to keep our systems and overarching technology stable and in line with business needs and growth. Regular upgrades of our computer hardware and software revisions are typical and expected. We employ controlled change management methodologies to plan, test and execute all such system upgrades and improvements, and we believe that we assign adequate staffing and other resources to projects to ensure successful implementation. However, we cannot be assured that our systems will meet our future business needs or that upgrades will operate as designed. We cannot be assured that there will not be associated excessive costs or disruptions in portions of our business in the course of our maintenance, support and/or upgrade of these systems. 23 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES We are in the midst of a multiyear process of implementing new enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems at CooperVision and CooperSurgical. Implementing a new ERP system is not only costly but complex and difficult. Implementing a new ERP system can negatively affect not only financial accounting and reporting processes but also external commercial activities such as order receipt and product delivery. We cannot be assured that we will successfully implement our new ERP system or that we will avoid these and other negative impacts from our implementation efforts. If any of such systems or programs were to experience service interruptions, fail or create erroneous information in our hardware or software network infrastructure, possible consequences include our loss of communication links, inability to track sales and interruption of other operational or financial processes, which in turn could adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation. We previously identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to an ineffective information technology (IT) general control for the U.S. operations within the CooperSurgical segment which was remediated as of October 31, 2025. We may experience additional material weakness in the future which could affect our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately and prepare financial statements within required time periods and could subject us to litigation or investigations, negatively affect investor confidence and adversely impact our stock price. Internal controls related to the operation of technology systems are critical to maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As disclosed in Part II, Item 9A, during fiscal 2024, management concluded our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of October 31, 2024 due to a material weakness in IT general controls for the CooperSurgical operations in the U.S. primarily related to the implementation and maintenance of certain enterprise resource planning systems during fiscal 2024. The material weakness resulted from not having a sufficient complement of its personnel, inadequate training of personnel and ineffective assessment of the risks related to change management, user control monitoring and segregation of duties in the affected IT environment. Manual controls that rely on system-generated data or reports from the affected IT environment or process level automated controls in the affected IT environment were ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted. In response to the material weakness, management, with the oversight of the Audit Committee, implemented steps to remediate the material weakness. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures in the future, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within required time periods, could be adversely affected, which could subject us to reputational harm, legal claims or proceedings, regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, significant costs from remedial actions, additional management resources, and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statement and adversely impact our stock price. Pricing pressure from our competitors, customers and changes in third-party coverage and reimbursement may adversely affect demand for our products and negatively impact our operating results. Competition in our industry has increased as a result of new market entrants, new technologies and as more established companies have intensified competitive pricing pressure. As a result of these competitive forces, we believe there will continue to be pricing pressure in the future. Because our CooperSurgical products are generally purchased by hospitals and surgery centers, OB/GYN medical offices and fertility clinics, and billed to various third-party payors, changes in the purchasing behavior of such customers or the amount such payors are willing to reimburse our customers for procedures using our products, including as a result of healthcare reform initiatives, could create additional pricing pressure on us. In addition to these competitive forces, we continue to see pricing pressure as our customers introduce new pricing structures into their contracts and agreements, including fixed price formulas, capitated pricing and structured pricing intended to contain healthcare costs. Such trends may adversely affect demand for our products and may drive down the prices we are able to charge for our products, both of which would negatively affect our operating results. We rely on independent suppliers and third-party logistics providers in our supply chain for raw materials, packaging materials and components, mechanical equipment and some finished goods; we could experience inventory shortages if any of these suppliers encounter a manufacturing or distribution disruption. Our businesses utilize various chemicals, packaging materials, components, parts and raw materials which are generally available from more than one source. However, in certain instances we acquire components and materials from sole or primary suppliers to make our silicone hydrogel contact lens, certain medical devices and IVF products. We also source mechanical equipment and in certain instances finished goods from original equipment manufacturers. Supply of these goods, items and materials is protected by contractual agreements, availability of alternative suppliers and/or safety stocks. However, if current suppliers fail to supply sufficient goods, items or materials to us on a timely basis, or at all for any reason, we could experience inventory shortages and disruption in our supply of products. For example, among other situations, some of the primary material used to make our silicone hydrogel contact lens products, including MyDay, 24 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Biofinity, Avaira and clariti, are supplied by few or sole suppliers, and the failure of a key or sole supplier to timely supply sufficient items and materials necessary for the manufacture of our silicone hydrogel contact lenses could in turn disrupt our supply of those lenses to the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. Our supply chain and our cost of goods also may be negatively impacted by unanticipated price increases due to factors such as inflation, including wage inflation, or to supply restrictions beyond our control or the control of our suppliers. We also rely on third-party logistics providers for storage and distribution of our components and products. Because we have limited control over their operations, any disruption in these relationships—whether due to labor shortages, transportation delays, capacity constraints—could adversely affect our ability to deliver products to customers on time and result in increased costs, reputational harm and potential liability. If we are unable to promptly transition to alternative providers in the event of a disruption, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If we fail to protect our intellectual property adequately, our business could suffer. We consider our intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, trademarks and licensing agreements, to be an integral component of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements and third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements. Our failure to obtain or maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property rights for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our business. We also may seek to enforce our intellectual property rights on others through litigation. Our claims, even if meritorious, may be found invalid or inapplicable to a party we believe infringes or has misappropriated our intellectual property rights. In addition, litigation can: • be expensive and time consuming to prosecute or defend; • result in a finding that we do not have certain intellectual property rights or that such rights lack sufficient scope or strength; • divert management's attention and resources; or • require us to license our intellectual property. We have applied for patent protection in the United States, the United Kingdom and other foreign jurisdictions relating to certain existing and proposed processes and products. We cannot be assured that any of our patent applications will be approved. Patent applications in the United States, the United Kingdom and other foreign jurisdictions are maintained in secrecy for a period of time, which may last until patents are issued, and since publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature tends to lag behind actual discoveries by several months, we cannot be certain that we

=== COO_2026-06-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 1 0-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2025. There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2025 . Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds In September 2025, the authorization under the 2012 Share Repurchase Program was increased to $2.0 billion by the Company's Board of Directors. As of April 30, 2026, $860.8 million remains authorized for repurchase. The following table provides information about the shares repurchased by the Company for the three months ended April 30, 2026: Period Total number of shares purchased (in thousands) Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plan (in thousands) Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plan (in millions) February 1, 2026 to February 28, 2026 — $ — — $ 873.9 March 1, 2026 to March 31, 2026 173.6 75.84 173.6 860.8 April 1, 2026 to April 30, 2026 — — — 860.8 Total 173.6 $ 75.84 173.6 $ 860.8 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 32 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended April 30, 2026, no director or officer of the Company adopted, terminated or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 33 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 6. Exhibits Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Exhibit Number Description of Document Form Exhibit Filing Date/ Period End Date 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 X 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 X 32.1* Certification of the Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 X 32.2* Certification of the Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 X 101.1 The following materials from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and six months periods ended April 30, 2026 formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income (Loss) and Comprehensive Income (Loss), (ii) Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets, (iii) Consolidated Condensed Statements of Stockholders' Equity, (iv) Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows and (v) related Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) * Furnished herewith 34 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. The Cooper Companies, Inc. (Registrant) Date: June 5, 2026 /s/ Brian G. Andrews Brian G. Andrews Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 35 