=== [ER] Logitech-Q4-2026-Press-Release_vF.pdf ===
Editorial Contacts: Kate Beerkens, Director of Investor Relations - ir@logitech.com Bruno Rodriguez, Head of Corporate Communications - mediarelations@logitech.com Logitech Announces Q4 and Full Fiscal Year 2026 Results Strong FY 2026 Demonstrates Strategy and Operating Principles Are Delivering LAUSANNE, Switzerland, and SAN JOSE, Calif., May 5, 2026 — SIX Swiss Exchange Ad hoc announcement pursuant to Art. 53 LR — Logitech International (SIX: LOGN) (Nasdaq: LOGI) today announced financial results for the fourth quarter and full Fiscal Year 2026. For Fiscal Year 2026: ● Sales were $4.84 billion, up 6 percent in US dollars and 4 percent in constant currency compared to the prior year. ● GAAP operating income was $775 million, up 18 percent compared to the prior year. Non-GAAP operating income was $911 million, up 18 percent compared to the prior year. ● GAAP earnings per share was $4.80, up 16 percent compared to the prior year. Non-GAAP EPS was $5.78, up 19 percent compared to the prior year. ● Cash flow from operations was $1.04 billion. The year-ending cash balance was $1.7 billion. The Company returned $768 million of cash to shareholders through its annual dividend payment and share repurchases. For Q4 Fiscal Year 2026: ● Sales were $1.09 billion, up 7 percent in US dollars and 3 percent in constant currency compared to Q4 of the prior year. ● GAAP operating income was $136 million, up 28 percent compared to Q4 of the prior year. Non-GAAP operating income was $167 million, up 25 percent compared to Q4 of the prior year. ● GAAP EPS was $0.98, up 2 percent compared to Q4 of the prior year. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.13, up 22 percent compared to Q4 of the prior year. ● Cash flow from operations was $203 million. “Our strong Fiscal Year 2026 performance demonstrates that our strategy and operating principles of playing offense, cost discipline and agility are working,” said Hanneke Faber, Logitech chief executive officer. “We closed the year with a strong Q4, and were pleased to see a solid return to growth in the Americas, and accelerated growth in Gaming. As we transition into FY27, we are amplifying our focus on future growth. Rapid AI advancements make it a unique period for us to innovate and invest for a future in which both Work and Play will look different.” “FY 2026 showcased what our teams and business model are capable of,” said Matteo Anversa, Logitech chief financial officer. “Operating income grew 18% year over year, and our annual non-GAAP gross margin of 43.6% and operating margin of 18.8% were the highest ever, outside of pandemic peaks. We also delivered substantial shareholder returns of $768 million in dividends and share repurchases. While the operating environment remains volatile, we see good momentum in the business going into Q1.” Outlook Our financial outlook for the first quarter of Fiscal Year 2027 is: Q1 FY27 outlook Sales $1,190 - $1,215 million Sales growth (in US dollars, year over year) 4% - 6% Sales growth (in constant currency, year over year) 2% - 4% Non-GAAP operating income $195 - $215 million Financial Results Videoconference and Webcast Logitech will hold a financial results videoconference to discuss the results for the fourth quarter and full Fiscal Year 2026 on Tuesday, May 5, 2026 at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Daylight Time (PDT) and 10:30 p.m. Central European Summer Time (CEST). A livestream of the event will be available on the Logitech corporate website at https://ir.logitech.com. This press release and the Q4 Fiscal Year 2026 Shareholder Letter are also available there. Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information and Constant Currency To facilitate comparisons to Logitech’s historical results, Logitech has included non-GAAP adjusted measures in this press release, which exclude share-based compensation expense, amortization of intangible assets, acquisition-related costs, restructuring charges (credits), net, loss (gain) on investments, non-GAAP income tax adjustment, and other items detailed under “Supplemental Financial Information” after the tables below and posted to our website at https://ir.logitech.com. Logitech also presents percentage sales growth in constant currency (“cc”), a non-GAAP measure, to show performance unaffected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Percentage sales growth in constant currency is calculated by translating prior period sales in each local currency at the current period’s average exchange rate for that currency and comparing that to current period sales. Logitech believes this information, used together with the GAAP financial information, will help investors to evaluate its current period performance, outlook and trends in its business. With respect to the Company’s outlook for non-GAAP operating income, most of the excluded amounts pertain to events that have not yet occurred and are not currently possible to estimate with a reasonable degree of accuracy. Therefore, no reconciliation to the GAAP amounts has been provided for the first quarter of Fiscal Year 2027 non-GAAP outlook. Public Dissemination of Certain Information Recordings of Logitech’s earnings videoconferences and certain events Logitech participates in or hosts, with members of the investment community are posted on the company’s investor relations website at https://ir.logitech.com. Additionally, Logitech provides notifications of news or announcements regarding its operations and financial performance, including its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), investor events, and press and earnings releases as part of its investor relations website. Logitech intends to use its investor relations website as means of disclosing material nonpublic information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Logitech’s corporate governance information also is available on its investor relations website. About Logitech Logitech designs software-enabled hardware solutions that help businesses thrive and bring people together when working, creating and gaming. As the point of connection between people and the digital world, our mission is to extend human potential in work and play, in a way that is good for people and the planet. Founded in 1981, Logitech International is a Swiss public company listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (LOGN) and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (LOGI). Find Logitech and its other brands, including Logitech G, at www.logitech.com or company blog. ### This press release contains forw

=== [ER] Logitech-Q4-2026-Shareholder-Letter_vF.pdf ===
Q4 2026 Shareholder Letter May 5, 2026 FY26 Highlights Q4 FY26 Highlights Net Sales Net Sales $4,841M $4,555M $1,086M $1,010M FY26 net sales were $4.84 billion, FY25 FY26 +6% US $ +4% (cc) Q4 FY25 Q4 FY26 +7% US $ up 4% in constant currency (cc) +3% (cc) versus FY25. We grew net sales across nearly all our core categories2. Over the past twelve GAAP Gross Margin 43.2% 43.1% GAAP Gross Margin months, we grew global market 44.5% 43.1% share in Pointing Devices, Video Collaboration, Tablet Accessories, Non-Gaming PC Headsets and FY25 FY26 Q4 FY25 +10 bps +140 bps Non-GAAP Gross Margin 43.6% 43.5% Console Gaming Headsets1. Q4 FY26 Non-GAAP Gross Margin s FY26 non-GAAP gross margin wa 44.8% 43.5% s 43.6%, up 10 basis points versu FY25, with U .S. pricing actions, product cost reductions and FY25 FY26 Q4 FY25 Q4 FY26 x favorable currency e change rates +10 bps ff +130 bps o setting investment in strategic ff promotions and higher tari GAAP Operating Income s. GAAP Operating Income $775M $655M $136M $106M FY26 non-GAAP operating income FY25 FY26 Q4 FY25 +18% 9 Q4 FY26 was $ +28% 11 million, up 18% versus FY25, driven by gross margin resilience, as x well as topline e pansion and disciplined cost management Non-GAAP Operating Income Non-GAAP Operating Income delivering operating leverage. $911M $775M $167M $133M FY25 FY26 +18% Q4 FY25 Q4 FY26 +25% Note: 1All market share data is calculated using proprietary commissioned third party data from Circana, GFK and Synergy Research. PWS and Gaming share data from February, 2025 - February, 2026, and VC share data from December, 2024 - December, 2025. 2Core categories include Gaming, Pointing Devices, Keyboards & Combos, Video Collaboration, Tablet Accessories, Webcams, and Headsets. May 5, 2026 | Logitech Q4 FY26 Shareholder Letter | Page 1 Dear Logitech Shareholder, As we reflect on the past two years, we are grateful for the progress we have made and energized by the opportunities ahead. Fiscal Year 2026 demonstrated what our model is capable of in any environment: successful innovation, best-in-class execution and real earnings expansion. But it is only the beginning. In Fiscal Year 2027, we plan to use this momentum and invest to drive long-term growth. May 5, 2026 | Logitech Q4 FY26 Shareholder Letter | Page 2 Fiscal Year 2026: A Year of Playing Offense and Delivering Results In reviewing our Fiscal Year 2026 performance, it is worth returning to the operating principles we declared last April. At the start of our fiscal year, amidst a shifting landscape, we set out to: lean into market opportunities with an offensive mindset; apply rigorous cost discipline; and leverage our global manufacturing footprint for real time agility. I am pleased to share that, through the collective effort of our teams, we resolutely delivered on all three objectives. We played offense. As a result, we delivered 6% net sales growth in U.S. dollars and 4% in constant currency, through a mix of higher volume and price; and we captured significant new market share in key segments and geographies. Simultaneously, we kept a firm hand on costs and operating expenses, and we strategically diversified our global manufacturing base. As a result: We delivered exceptional profitability with annual non-GAAP gross margin of 43.6% and operating margin of 18.8%, ahead of our longterm model and a record high outside of the COVID years. We continued to translate structural profitability into outstanding cash generation, with cash flow from operations exceeding $1 billion for the fiscal year, well above 100% of operating income. We returned $768 million of cash back to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. These outcomes demonstrate our ability to balance bold actions with operational rigor. Fiscal Year 2027: Moving Towards Our Long-term Model As we transition into Fiscal Year 2027, we are amplifying our focus on future growth. Our plans aim to keep us tracking towards our long-term model of mid-to-high single-digit topline organic growth, while maintaining margins at the high end of our 15-18% model. The rapid advancements in AI will make the next 12-18 months a unique period for a technology company like ours to innovate and invest for a future in which both Work and Play will look different. Thus, in Fiscal Year 2027, we plan to: ‘ Up the tempo’ on the offense. With structurally strong gross margins and a pristine balance sheet, we will invest in the business to accelerate future growth. At the same time, we will continue to apply our signature cost discipline and agility, with a focus on maintaining gross and operating margins at the high end of our long-term targets and driving healthy operating cash flow. May 5, 2026 | Logitech Q4 FY26 Shareholder Letter | Page 3 Track Record of Success Logitech has a consistent history of delivering returns on strategic investments. In the last decade, our Gaming business has grown from an approximately $250 million franchise to an industry leader with over $1.4 billion in revenue. Similarly, in Video Collaboration (VC), we disrupted the incumbents to become a market leader in less than five years. And most recently, investment in our “China for China” initiative has returned our business in China to robust growth in less than 18 months. For Fiscal Year 2027, we are building on this track record by focusing investments in three strategic growth areas: Superior Product Innovation and R&D. We plan to leverage AI as a catalyst for innovation. First, by enhancing superiority in existing categories - for example, our new Rally AI Video Conferencing cameras, which will ship this summer. Second, by innovating into new spaces, with products designed specifically to help people be more productive and improve their performance with AI, across Work and Play. And finally, speed. AI is helping us deliver our annual suite of new products faster than ever. The PRO X2 SUPERSTRIKE gaming mouse, is a great example. It went from prototype to a hugely successful launch in under a year. Logitech for Business: We are deepening our presence in B2B markets by building Enterprise-grade sales capabilities and penetrating new verticals—prioritizing Education, Government and Healthcare. We are in the early innings of this plan - but the investments are working. In Fiscal Year 2026, B2B demand outpaced B2C demand, with Video Collaboration net sales growth at 10% in U.S. dollars and 8% in constant currency. We believe Logitech for Business sti

=== [ER] AID-2025-press-release-docx.pdf ===
Editorial Contacts: Kate Beerkens, Director of Investor Relations - ir@logitech.com Nicole Kenyon, Head of Global Communications - nkenyon@logitech.com (USA) Ben Starkie, Corporate Communications - +41 (0) 79-292-3499, bstarkie1@logitech.com (Europe/Asia) Logitech Shares Plans to Accelerate Profitable Growth at Analyst & Investor Day Company Confirms FY 2025 Outlook, Provides FY 2026 Outlook and Long-Term Financial Model; Accelerates Share Repurchases and Increases Current Buyback Program LAUSANNE, Switzerland, Mar. 6, 2025 and SAN JOSE, Calif., Mar. 5, 2025 — SIX Swiss Exchange Ad hoc announcement pursuant to Art. 53 LR — Logitech International (SIX: LOGN) (Nasdaq: LOGI), confirmed its financial outlook for Fiscal Year 2025 and provided its outlook for Fiscal Year 2026. ●​ Current Fiscal Year 2025 outlook: Logitech confirmed its current Fiscal Year 2025 outlook of between $4.54 billion and $4.57 billion in net sales, representing year-over-year sales growth of 5.4% and 6.4% in US dollars, and 6.2% to 7.1% in constant currency. Logitech also confirmed its outlook for FY 2025 non-GAAP operating income at between $755 million and $770 million. ●​ Fiscal Year 2026 outlook: Logitech announced its outlook for Fiscal Year 2026, with net sales between $4.53 billion and $4.71 billion, representing year-over-year sales growth of -1% to 3% in US dollars, and 1% to 5% in constant currency, and non-GAAP operating income between $720 million and $780 million. ●​ Long-term business model: Logitech announced an updated long-term model that targets net sales growth of between 7% and 10%, non-GAAP gross margin of 40% and above, and non-GAAP operating margin of between 15% and 18%. ●​ Investor-friendly capital allocation: Logitech shared its capital allocation priorities, focused on re-investing in the organic growth of the business, annual dividends, M&A and share repurchases. The Company plans to target share buybacks of $2 billion over the next three years, with the board approving a $600 million increase to the current program effective end of March 2025, subject to market conditions and regulatory approvals. “I’m excited about the future of Logitech, and the value we’ll create for our investors,” said Hanneke Faber, Logitech chief executive officer. “We are a growing and highly profitable company in an attractive, growing market. We are market leaders in our core categories with a clear strategy to extend that leadership, a credible plan to enter new verticals and adjacencies, and AI as a force multiplier. We are financially disciplined, balancing organic investment with financial flexibility and attractive shareholder returns.” Analyst and Investor Day Videoconference and Livestream At Logitech's Analyst and Investor Day, Company executives present a view of the Company’s long-term strategy, long-term financial model and industry-leading innovation. As previously announced, presentations and a livestream of the event started on March 5 at 1:00 p.m. Pacific Standard Time and 10:00 p.m. Central European Time. A replay of the presentation and Q&A will be available on the Logitech corporate website at http://ir.logitech.com. Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information and Constant Currency To facilitate comparisons to Logitech’s historical results, Logitech has included certain non-GAAP adjusted measures, which exclude share-based compensation expense, amortization of intangible assets, acquisition-related costs, restructuring charges (credits), net, loss (gain) on investments, non-GAAP income tax adjustment, and other items detailed in our “GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation” under “Supplemental Financial Information” in our earnings press release and posted to our website at http://ir.logitech.com. Logitech also presents percentage sales growth (decline) in constant currency (“cc”), a non-GAAP measure, to show performance unaffected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Percentage sales growth in constant currency is calculated by translating prior period sales in each local currency at the current period’s average exchange rate for that currency and comparing that to current period sales. Logitech believes this information, used together with the GAAP financial information, will help investors to evaluate its current period performance, outlook, and trends in its business. With respect to the Company’s outlook for non-GAAP operating income and the Company’s long-term model for non-GAAP gross margin and non-GAAP operating margin, most of these excluded amounts pertain to events that have not yet occurred and are not currently possible to estimate with a reasonable degree of accuracy. Therefore, no reconciliation to the GAAP amounts has been provided for non-GAAP financial outlooks for fiscal year 2025 or fiscal year 2026, or for the non-GAAP long-term model. About Logitech Logitech designs software-enabled hardware solutions that help businesses thrive and bring people together when working, creating, gaming and streaming. As the point of connection between people and the digital world, our mission is to extend human potential in work and play, in a way that is good for people and the planet. Founded in 1981, Logitech International is a Swiss public company listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (LOGN) and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (LOGI). Find Logitech and its other brands, including Logitech G, at www.logitech.com or company blog. ### This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, including, without limitation, statements regarding: our outlooks for fiscal year 2025, for fiscal year 2026, and for the long-term, sales growth, and non-GAAP model and related assumptions, our plans regarding capital allocation including share repurchases, market share and business opportunities, and market trends. The forward-looking statements in this press release involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Logitech’s actual results and events to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, including, without limitation: macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions and other factors and their impact, for example inflation, interest rate and foreign currency fluctuations, changes in consumer and enterprise demand; our expectations regarding our expense discipline efforts, including the timing thereof; changes in secular trends that impact our business; if our product offerings, marketing activities and investment priorit