=== AMT_2026-04-08.htm.gz ===
amt-20260406 0001053507 DEF 14A false 0001053507 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001053507 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001053507 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001053507 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001053507 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant x Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement. Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)). x Definitive Proxy Statement. Definitive Additional Materials. Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): x No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Letter From the Chief Executive Officer April 8, 2026 Dear Stockholder: It is my pleasure to invite you to American Tower Corporation s 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Wednesday, May 20, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time. We will hold the Annual Meeting virtually through a live audio webcast. You will be able to attend the me etin g by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AMT2026 . Ple ase follow the instructions in this Proxy Statement to join the virtual Annual Meeting. Included with this letter are the official notice of meeting; the Proxy Statement, which describes in detail the matters to be discussed and voted on at the meeting; and the form of proxy. Your vote is important. You may vote your shares online; by telephone; by mail, if you received a paper copy of the proxy materials and follow the instructions on the proxy card or voting instruction card; or at the virtual meeting. If you vote by proxy prior to the meeting, you may withdraw your proxy and vote at the virtual meeting, if you wish to do so. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, I urge you to vote as soon as possible to ensure your shares will be represented at the meeting. On behalf of the executive team and your Board of Directors, I thank you for your continued support. Sincerely, Steven O. Vondran President and Chief Executive Officer Letter From the Independent Chairperson of the Board April 8, 2026 Dear Fellow Stockholders: It is a privilege to serve as Chairperson of the Board at American Tower. On behalf of the Board, I thank our stockholders for their continued trust as we oversee the Company s strategy and long term value creation. Throughout 2025, the Board and management remained focused on supporting long term stockholder value by driving sustainable revenue growth , enhancing operational efficiency , and maintaining a disciplined capital allocation strategy . Revenue growth in 2025 reflected the essential nature of our global tower and data center portfolio alongside rapid growth in data consumption. At the same time, management advanced initiatives to strengthen operating discipline, reinforce the scalability and predictability of the business, and deliver margin improvement. We globalized our finance and operations functions, driving process optimization and an increased focus on leveraging AI applications. The Board continued to oversee a balanced capital allocation framework, focused primarily on developed markets, to deliver reliable, high quality financial results through a range of market conditions. Engagement with our investors continues to be a vital part of the Board s oversight. During 2025, we maintained an active dialogue with stockholders on strategy, governance, executive compensation, and Board composition. These conversations provide valuable perspective and help ensure our governance practices remain aligned with stockholder expectations and long term interests. Board refreshment and succession planning also remained key areas of focus. In August 2025, we welcomed Gene Reilly to the Board, who brings over 30 years of experience overseeing operations and strategy at a fellow REIT company, further strengthening the range of skills and experience supporting our oversight of the Company s strategy. This addition reflects our ongoing commitment to thoughtful refreshment. As further evidence of our disciplined approach to Board refreshment, over the past several years we have welcomed six new independent directors whose varied and complementary experiences have brought fresh perspectives to the Board as we advance the Company s strategic priorities. During this same period, six directors have rotated off the Board, including Bob Hormats, who will not be standing for re election at this year s Annual Meeting. We are deeply grateful to Bob for his many years of service and for the invaluable perspective he provided on public policy and international strategy. Looking ahead to 2026 , we expect our integrated portfolio of towers and data centers to increasingly place American Tower at the heart of the global digital infrastructure ecosystem. We believe our differentiated global scale, long-standing customer partnerships and financial strength position us well to benefit from accelerating demand across wireless, cloud, and AI while remaining focused on execution, capital allocation, and value creation for stockholders. Thank you for your continued confidence in American Tower. Serving on behalf of our stockholders is a responsibility the Board and I take seriously, and we remain committed to overseeing a strategy that supports durable growth and long term success. Sincerely, Pamela D. A. Reeve Independent Chairperson of the Board Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements In addition to historical information, this Proxy Statement contains forward-looking statements concerning our goals, beliefs, expectations, strategies, objectives, plans, future operating results and underlying assumptions and other statements that are not necessarily based on historical facts. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated in our forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those factors set forth under the caption Risk Factors in Item 1A of our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, and other risks described in documents we subsequently file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). We undertake no obligation to update the information contained in this Proxy Statement to reflect subsequently occurring events or circumstances. No Incorporation By Reference This Proxy Statement includes several website addresses and references to additional materials and reports found on those websites. We have included such website addresses only as inactive textual references and do not intend them to be active links to such websites. These websites, materials and reports are not incorporated by reference herein. Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date: Wednesday, May 20, 2026 Time : 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time Live Audio Webcast at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AMT2026 Record Date: March 23, 2026 HOW YOU MAY VOTE You may vote if you were a stockholder of record on March 23, 2026, the record date fixed by the Board of Directors. To ensure your shares are represented at the meeting, please vote as soon as possible by one of the following methods: Online By Telephone By Mail At the Virtual Meeting Whether or not you expect to attend the virtual Annual Meeting, please vote as soon as possible to ensure the representation of your shares at the Annual Meeting. You may vote your shares online, by telephone, by mail (as applicable) by following the instructions on the proxy card or voting instruction card, or at the virtual meeting. Materials will be made available on or about April 8, 2026. American Tower Corporation, 222 Berkeley Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02116 AT THE ANNUAL MEETING YOU WILL BE ASKED TO: PROPOSAL 1 Elect each of the 11 Directors for the ensuing year and until his or her successor is elected and qualified; FOR each Nominee Page 8 PROPOSAL 2 Approve, on an advisory basis, our executive compensation; FOR Page 39 PROPOSAL 3 Ratify the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026; FOR Page 80 PROPOSAL 4 Approve the American Tower Corporation 2026 Equity Incentive Plan; and FOR Page 83 Transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournments or postponements thereof. For more detailed information on voting, please see How do I cast a vote? in the Questions Answers section beginning on page 93 of this Proxy Statement. To sign up for electronic delivery, please visit www.proxyvote.com with your proxy card in hand, which contains your control number, and follow the instructions to indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy materials electronically in future years. ATTENDING THE MEETING We will hold the Annual Meeting virtually through a live audio webcast. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting online through a live audio webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AMT2026. You may log in with your 16-digit control number, included on your notice of internet availability of the proxy materials, on your proxy card, or on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials (if applicable). For more information, please see How do I attend the Annual Meeting? in the Questions Answers section beginning on page 93 of this Proxy Statement. The Annual Meeting will begin at approximately 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time, with registration beginning at 10:30 a.m., on Wednesday, May 20, 2026. You will be able to vote and submit live questions during the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AMT2026. By order of the Board of Directors, Ruth T. Dowling Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary April 8, 2026 Table of Contents ABOUT AMERICAN TOWER I PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 1 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 8 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors 8 Board Composition 9 Corporate Governance 16 Board of Directors 18 Board Leadership Structure 18 Selection of Directors and Board Refreshment 19 Director Independence 22 Annual Evaluation 24 Board Meetings 25 Board Committees 26 Executive Sessions 28 Director Onboarding, Continuing Education and Access to Employees 29 Process of Setting Director Compensation 30 Risk Oversight 31 Responsible Business at American Tower Corporation 33 Executive Succession Planning 34 Sustainability Framework and Highlights 35 Stockholder Outreach and Rights 36 Communications From Stockholders and Other Interested Parties 37 Approval of Related Party Transactions 38 Stock Ownership Guidelines 38 COMPENSATION AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 39 PROPOSAL 2 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 39 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 40 Executive Summary 41 Overview of Our Compensation Program 42 Compensation Philosophy and Oversight 48 Compensation Determinations for 2025 51 Other Compensation and Governance Practices and Policies 58 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report 62 Executive Compensation Tables 63 Severance Program 69 CEO Pay Ratio 72 Pay Versus Performance 73 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 77 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 78 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 79 AUDIT MATTERS 80 PROPOSAL 3 Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 80 Audit Committee Report 81 Independent Auditor Fees and Other Matters 82 EQUITY PLAN 83 PROPOSAL 4 Approval of American To wer Corporation 2026 Equity In centive Plan 83 Reasons to Vote for the Proposal 83 Material Terms of the 2026 Equity Plan 87 Summary of U.S. Tax Consequences of the 2026 Equity Plan 91 QUESTIONS ANSWERS 93 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 97 Proposals of Stockholders 97 Proxy Access 97 Householding of Annual Meeting Materials 98 Annual Report on Form 10-K 98 ANNEX A 99 American Tower Corporation 2026 Equity Incentive Plan 99 APPENDIX A A- 1 Definitions, Reconciliations to Measures U nder GAAP and Calculation of Defined Measures A- 1 Reconciliations to Historical Results A- 4 About American Tower 30 Years of American Tower Founded in 1995, American Tower Corporation (American Tower, the Company, we or our) is one of the largest publicly held global real estate investment trusts (REITs) and has been a leading independent owner, operator and developer of multitenant communications real estate for over three decades. Our global digital infrastructure business serves customers through tower sites and other real estate solutions that support connectivity. The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) welcomed American Tower in May 2025 in celebration of the 30th anniversary of our founding. Our Vision: Building a More Connected World Our focus on the right assets, high-quality contracts and operational excellence allows us to enhance our portfolio composition and the quality of our earnings, strengthen our balance sheet and manage our cost structure, all while delivering connectivity around the globe. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT I ABOUT AMERICAN TOWER Our Portfolio Our Portfolio As of December 31, 2025, our portfolio summary is as follows: 20+ countries ~4,900 global employees ~150,000 communications sites (1) 42,000+ sites (1) in U.S. and Canada 107,000+ sites (1) in international markets 30 data center facilities across 11 U.S. markets (1) Includes distributed antenna systems. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT II ABOUT AMERICAN TOWER 2025 Business Highlights 2025 Business Highlights (1) Total Revenue Increased 5.1% ($ in billions) Total Property Revenue (2) Increased 3.7% ($ in billions) Net Income Attributable to AMT Common Stockholders Increased 12.2% ($ in billions) Adjusted EBITDA (3) Increased 4.7% ($ in billions) Attributable AFFO per Share (3) Increased 2.1% KEY FINANCIAL RESULTS Grew total revenue by approximately 5.1% to $10.6 billion, grew property revenue by approximately 3.7% to $10.3 billion, net income attributable to AMT common stockholders increased by approximately 12.2% to $2.5 billion and grew Adjusted EBITDA by approximately 4.7% to $7.1 billion; AFFO attributable to AMT common stockholders per Share (Attributable AFFO per Share) was $10.76 and ROIC (3) was 9.3% for the full year; Acquired over 300 sites across our developed markets, and acquired DE1, a multitenant data center in which we previously leased space; Declared approximately $3.2 billion in cash dividends to common stockholders and repurchased over $350 million in Common Stock under our repurchase programs; Deployed approximately $1.7 billion in capital expenditures in 2025, with the majority of spending on growth-oriented, discretionary investments; and Maintained our investment-grade credit rating and de-levered our balance sheet, ending the year with a Net Leverage Ratio of 4.9x, within our target of 3-5x. (1) On September 12, 2024, we completed the sale of our subsidiary ATC Telecom Infrastructure Private Limited (ATC TIPL), which held our operations in India (the ATC TIPL Transaction). The ATC TIPL Transaction qualified for presentation as discontinued operations, and accordingly, all 2024 data for year-over-year comparison purposes for Total revenue, Total property revenue, Adjusted EBITDA and Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) included herein exclude the operating results from ATC TIPL. All data for Net Income Attributable to AMT Common Stockholders and Attributable AFFO per Share include the operating results from ATC TIPL. Prior year periods have not been adjusted unless otherwise noted. (2) Total property revenue is a performance metric under the annual performance incentive program. Although presented here without exclusion, International pass-through revenue (as defined in Appendix A ) is excluded in the calculation for purposes of this performance metric. For a reconciliation of Total property revenue, excluding pass-through revenue, see Appendix A . (3) Adjusted EBITDA is a performance metric under the annual performance incentive program. Attributable AFFO per Share and ROIC are performance metrics under the long-term incentive program. Adjusted EBITDA, Attributable AFFO per Share and ROIC are non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to GAAP can be found in Appendix A . AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT III Proxy Statement Summary The following pages provide a summary of important information you will find in this Proxy Statement. As it is only a summary, please review the complete Proxy Statement before submitting your vote. Proposals to be Voted On and Our Board s Recommendations PROPOSAL 1 DIRECTORS: Election of Directors Elect each of the 11 Directors for the ensuing year and until his or her successor is elected and qualified. FOR each nominee Page 8 PROPOSAL 2 COMPENSATION: Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation Approve, on an advisory basis, our executive compensation. FOR Page 39 PROPOSAL 3 AUDIT: Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Ratify the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. FOR Page 80 PROPOSAL 4 EQUITY PLAN: Approval of American Tower Corporation 2026 Equity Incentive Plan Approve the American Tower Corporation 2026 Equity Incentive Plan. FOR Page 83 AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Our Director Nominees FOR each nominee Page 8 PROPOSAL 1 DIRECTORS: Election of Directors The Board recommends you vote FOR each nominee. Our Director Nominees With the exception of Mr. Robert D. Hormats, each incumbent Director is standing for re-election at our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting). You are being asked to vote on the election of 11 Directors, all of whom were recommended for nomination to the Board of Directors (Board) by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (Nominating Committee). All Directors are elected annually by a majority of votes cast. Detailed information about each Director s background, skill set and areas of expertise can be found beginning on page 10 . STEVEN O. VONDRAN*, 55 President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO), American Tower Corporation Director Since: 2024 Other Public Company Boards: Ameren Corporation Committee Memberships: None RAJESH KALATHUR, 57 Former President, John Deere Financial, and former Chief Information Officer, Deere Company Director Since: 2025 Other Public Company Boards: None Committee Memberships: PAMELA D. A. REEVE, 76 Chairperson of the Board Former President and CEO, Lightbridge, Inc. Director Since: 2002 Other Public Company Boards: None Committee Memberships: KELLY C. CHAMBLISS, 55 Former Global Chief Operating Officer, IBM Consulting Director Since: 2022 Other Public Company Boards: None Committee Memberships: GRACE D. LIEBLEIN, 65 Former Vice President, Global Quality, General Motors Director Since: 2017 Other Public Company Boards: Honeywell International Inc. Committee Memberships: EUGENE F. REILLY, 65 Former Vice Chairman, Prologis, Inc. Director Since: 2025 Other Public Company Boards: None Committee Memberships: TERESA H. CLARKE, 63 Chair and Executive Editor, Africa.com LLC Director Since: 2021 Other Public Company Boards: Arthur J. Gallagher Co. Committee Memberships: CRAIG MACNAB, 70 Former CEO and Chairman, National Retail Properties, Inc. Director Since: 2014 Other Public Company Boards: Independence Realty Trust, Inc. VICI Properties, Inc. Committee Memberships: BRUCE L. TANNER, 67 Former Executive Vice President (EVP) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Lockheed Martin Corporation Director Since: 2019 Other Public Company Boards: Truist Financial Corporation Committee Memberships: KENNETH R. FRANK, 58 Partner, Banneker Partners Director Since: 2021 Other Public Company Boards: None Committee Memberships: NEVILLE R. RAY, 63 Former President of Technology, T-Mobile US, Inc. Director Since: 2024 Other Public Company Boards: Ziff Davis, Inc. Committee Memberships: A Audit C Compensation and Human Capital N Nominating and Corporate Governance Member Chair Audit Committee Financial Expert Independent * Sole Management Director Nominee AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 2 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Board Composition Board Composition 11 out of 11 Executive Leadership 7 out of 11 Wireless Industry and/or REIT 9 out of 11 Public Company Board 8 out of 11 Investment/Capital Allocation 11 out of 11 Operational and Management 11 out of 11 Risk Management 11 out of 11 Strategy 9 out of 11 Finance/Accounting 6 out of 11 Cybersecurity/Information Systems 5 out of 11 Thought Leadership and/or Government and Public Policy 11 out of 11 International/Global Operations 3 out of 11 Sustainability (including Human Capital Management, Climate Risk and Related Governance) Board Profile Independence Age Tenure Board Attendance and Engagement Director attendance at the four regular 2025 quarterly Board meetings: Director attendance at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (2025 Annual Meeting): Director attendance at the four regular 2025 quarterly committee meetings: 100% 100% 96% AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Board Refreshment Board Refreshment 6 new independent Directors have been added to the Board since 2021. 2 new independent Directors added in 2025 Rajesh Kalathur and Eugene F. Reilly. Skills of Newly Added Directors Investment/Capital Allocation Strategy Cybersecurity/Information Systems Wireless Industry and/or REIT 6 independent Directors have left the Board since 2021. (1) (1) Including Mr. Hormats, who will not be standing for re-election at the Annual Meeting. Board Committee Refreshment Over the Past Two Years 2024 Committee Changes 2025 Committee Changes Audit Mr. Tanner replaced former Director, JoAnn Reed, as Chair Compensation and Human Capital Ms. Lieblein replaced Mr. Macnab as Chair Mr. Ray appointed to serve (joined the Board in 2024) Nominating and Corporate Governance Mr. Frank replaced Mr. Hormats as Chair All new committee chairs were previously members of the committees on which they were appointed Chair. Audit Mr. Kalathur appointed to serve (joined the Board in 2025) Mr. Macnab appointed to serve Ms. Clarke rotated off Compensation and Human Capital Mr. Reilly appointed to serve (joined the Board in 2025) Mr. Macnab rotated off Nominating and Corporate Governance Ms. Clarke appointed to serve Corporate Governance Best Practices No Stockholder Rights Plans Independent Chairperson Proxy Access (3%, 3 years, 25% of Board) No Supermajority Voting Provisions Stockholders Right to Act by Written Consent All Directors Except One Management Director Are Independent v Stockholder Ability to Call Special Meetings (25% Ownership Threshold) AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 4 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Executive Compensation Philosophy PROPOSAL 2 COMPENSATION: Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation FOR Page 39 The Board recommends you vote FOR this proposal. Executive Compensation Philosophy We Reward Based On Key Features Company annual and three-year performance relative to pre-established financial goals; Company annual financial performance relative to that of competitor and peer group companies; Successful completion of key near-term goals and strategic objectives, while positioning the Company to generate attractive long-term return for stockholders; and Other relevant considerations, such as retaining executives with above-average performance and proven leadership ability. Equity awards weighted toward long-term performance-based metrics; Reasonable retirement and welfare benefits, and no pension arrangements; Clawback Policy; Stock ownership guidelines; Anti-Insider Trading Policy, including prohibition on hedging and pledging; Double-trigger equity vesting and no tax gross-ups in the event of a change of control; Use of an independent compensation consultant; and Regular risk assessment of compensation programs. Say on Pay Our stockholders have historically approved our say on pay proposal at a high rate, with over 94% of votes cast in favor of our executive compensation program at our 2025 Annual Meeting. FOR THE PAST 3 YEARS, we received an average stockholder approval rate of nearly 96% in support of our executive compensation program. Framework of 2025 Compensation CEO Target Compensation Average of Other Named Executive Officers (NEOs) Target Compensation AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Executive Pay Structure Executive Pay Structure OVERVIEW 2025 HIGHLIGHTS Annual Base Salary American Tower provides a competitive level of compensation to its executive officers to attract and retain highly qualified executive talent and reward sustained performance over time. Base salary is reviewed by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee (Compensation Committee) and determined annually. Based on a review of competitive market data, the Compensation Committee determined not to increase the salaries of the executives for 2025, with the exception of Mr. Noel due to his new role as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (effective January 13, 2025) and increased responsibility. See page 51 for more information. Annual Performance Incentive Program American Tower provides an at-risk, variable cash pay opportunity for performance over one year to motivate its executive officers to achieve or exceed annual goals within appropriate risk parameters. In 2025, our NEOs received 114% of their target incentive award based on performance against these goals. The Compensation Committee did not exercise discretion in determining final incentive award amounts following achievement of the Company financial and individual performance goals. See page 52 for more information. Target annual performance incentive award for all NEOs: tied to achieving pre-established Company financial goals tied to achieving pre-established individual performance goals Long-Term Incentive Program American Tower provides a long-term, equity-based pay opportunity for sustained operating performance to focus its executive officers on creating long-term stockholder value. In 2025, our NEOs earned 157% of their 2023 PSUs based on achievement of cumulative Attributable AFFO per Share of $31.17 and average ROIC of 9.3%. See page 55 for more information. Target grant award values for the CEO: Target grant award values for the other NEOs: allocated to performance-based restricted stock units (PSUs) allocated to PSUs allocated to time-based restricted stock units (RSUs) allocated to RSUs PSU PERFORMANCE METRICS 2026 UPDATE For grants made in March 2025, the number of PSUs earned is based on achieving pre-established performance goals for a three-year performance period: 50% based on cumulative Attributable AFFO per Share 30% based on average ROIC 20% based on relative total shareholder return (TSR) (1) The Compensation Committee updated the performance weighting for PSU grants made beginning in March 2026 as follows: 40% based on cumulative Attributable AFFO per Share 30% based on average ROIC 30% based on relative TSR RSU Vesting For grants made prior to March 10, 2023, each RSU grant vested 25% annually over four years, commencing one year from the date of grant. Beginning with grants made on March 10, 2023, each RSU grant for all of our employees, including our NEOs, vests 1/3rd annually over three years, commencing one year from the grant date. See Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 40 . (1) For a description of how this metric is determined, see Compensation Determinations for 2025 beginning on page 51 . AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 6 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY PROPOSAL 3 AUDIT: Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PROPOSAL 4 EQUITY PLAN: Approval of American Tower Corporation 2026 Equity Incentive Plan PROPOSAL 3 AUDIT: Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm FOR Page 80 The Board recommends you vote FOR this proposal. Our Board recommends a vote FOR ratification of the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. The Audit Committee considered several factors in re-engaging the firm, including its industry knowledge, independence controls and objectivity. The Audit Committee has determined that the retention continues to be in the best interests of American Tower and its stockholders. PROPOSAL 4 EQUITY PLAN: Approval of American Tower Corporation 2026 Equity Incentive Plan FOR Page 83 The Board recommends you vote FOR this proposal. Our Board recommends a vote FOR the American Tower Corporation 2026 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2026 Equity Plan). The 2026 Equity Plan is intended to replace the American Tower Corporation 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and will continue to align interests of employees and non-employee Directors of the Company and its subsidiaries with the Company s stockholders. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 Corporate Governance PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors Under our Amended and Restated By-Laws (By-Laws), the number of Board members is fixed periodically by the Board and may be increased or decreased by a vote of the stockholders or by the majority of Directors then in office. With the exception of Mr. Hormats, each of the incumbent Directors is standing for re-election at the Annual Meeting. The Board has nominated each of the 11 Directors listed below for election at the Annual Meeting, all of whom were recommended for nomination to the Board by the Nominating Committee. Each Director elected at the Annual Meeting will hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (2027 Annual Meeting) and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, subject to earlier retirement, resignation or removal. Unless otherwise instructed, we will vote all proxies we receive FOR each nominee listed below. If a nominee becomes unavailable to serve, we will vote the shares represented by proxies for the election of such other person as the Board may recommend. The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the election of each nominee listed below to serve as Director until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. Required Vote Our By-Laws require that each Director receive a majority of the votes properly cast with respect to such Director in uncontested elections (i.e., the number of shares voted for a Director nominee must exceed the number of votes cast against that nominee). As the election of Directors at the Annual Meeting is uncontested, it requires a majority of the votes cast by, or on behalf of, the holders of Common Stock at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes are not considered as votes cast for or against a Director and have no effect on the election results. If stockholders do not re-elect an incumbent nominee who is already a Director, Delaware law provides that the Director continue to serve on the Board as a holdover director. Under our By-Laws and Corporate Governance Guidelines, each Director must submit an irrevocable advance resignation that will be effective if the stockholders do not re-elect him or her and the Board accepts his or her resignation. In that situation, within 90 days from the date the election results are certified, the Nominating Committee will recommend to the Board whether to accept or reject the resignation, with the Board then taking action and promptly disclosing its decision and underlying rationale in a filing with the SEC. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 8 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Composition Board Composition The table below presents key qualifications and experience our Board views as essential for effective oversight and long-term strategy. Additional details on each Director nominee are provided in their individual biographies starting on page 10 . Skills and Qualifications Executive Leadership Experience in leadership or executive role in a global company l l l l l l l l l l l 11/11 Investment/Capital Allocation Experience in assessing investment opportunities and capital priorities l l l l l l l l 8/11 Strategy Experience in developing and executing on strategic priorities l l l l l l l l l l l 11/11 Thought Leadership and/or Government and Public Policy Experience working with thought leaders from business, government and policy l l l l l 5/11 Wireless Industry and/or REIT Experience in the wireless industry or with REITs, particularly with requirements of the REIT structure and qualifications needed to maintain REIT status l l l l l l l 7/11 Operational and Management Experience with managerial and day-to-day operational experience l l l l l l l l l l l 11/11 Finance/Accounting Education and experience that enables additional oversight of financial statements and metrics l l l l l l l l l 9/11 International/Global Operations Experience understanding the complexities and risks of international businesses l l l l l l l l l l l 11/11 Public Company Board Service on other listed public company boards, either currently or within the past five years l l l l l l l l l 9/11 Risk Management Experience with identifying, managing and mitigating enterprise risks l l l l l l l l l l l 11/11 Cybersecurity/Information Systems Experience in cybersecurity, intelligence and data protection l l l l l l 6/11 Sustainability (including Human Capital Management, Climate Risk and Related Governance) Experience in human resources, climate risk assessment and related governance l l l 3/11 Demographic Background Age (as of April 8, 2026) 55 55 63 58 57 65 70 63 76 65 67 Gender M F F M M F M M F M M Board Tenure Years (as of April 8, 2026) 2 4 4 5 1 8 11 2 24 0 6 Our Board consists of individuals with varied and complementary business, leadership and financial expertise. Most of our Directors have leadership experience at major U.S. and multinational companies, as well as experience on the boards of other companies and organizations, which provides an understanding of different business processes, challenges and strategies. In addition, many of our Directors have industry and public policy experience, which provides insight into issues faced by public companies. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Composition Relevant information about each Director nominee appears below. Steven O. Vondran President and CEO, American Tower Corporation Age: 55 Director since: February 2024 Board Committees: None Skills Executive Leadership Investment/Capital Allocation Strategy Thought Leadership and/or Government and Public Policy Wireless Industry and/or REIT Operational and Management Finance/ Accounting International/Global Operations Public Company Board Risk Management Cybersecurity/ Information Systems Sustainability Career Mr. Vondran is the President and CEO of American Tower Corporation. Mr. Vondran joined the Company in 2000 as a member of its corporate legal team and served in a variety of positions, including Senior Vice President, U.S. Leasing Operations, Senior Vice President and General Counsel, U.S. Tower Division, Executive Vice President and President, U.S. Tower Division, and most recently, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Vondran was an associate at the law firm of Lewellen Frazier LLP, served as a telecommunications consultant with the firm of Young Associates, Inc., and was a Law Clerk to the Hon. John Stroud on the Arkansas Court of Appeals. Qualifications Extensive institutional knowledge Effective leadership and executive experience, including as our General Counsel, U.S. Tower Division, President, U.S. Tower Division and Global Chief Operating Officer Current Public Company Boards Ameren Corporation (2025 present) Other Current Affiliations Member, Business Roundtable Member, Nareit Executive Board Kelly C. Chambliss Former Global Chief Operating Officer, IBM Consulting Age: 55 Independent Director since: March 2022 Board Committees: Compensation and Human Capital Committee (May 2022 present) Skills Executive Leadership Strategy Wireless Industry and/or REIT Operational and Management International/Global Operations Public Company Board Risk Management Cybersecurity/ Information Systems Career Ms. Chambliss spent over 20 years at IBM in senior leadership roles, including as Global Chief Operating Officer, IBM Consulting, Senior Vice President, IBM Consulting in the Americas, and Global Chief Technology Officer, IBM Consulting. Ms. Chambliss joined IBM as a Partner through the acquisition of PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting in 2002. Qualifications Extensive management, international and cybersecurity experience at a global large-cap company Prior public company board experience Knowledge of data center operations Former Public Company Boards (Past 5 Years) CoreSite Realty Corporation (2016 2021) AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 10 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Composition Teresa H. Clarke Chair and Executive Editor, Africa.com LLC Age: 63 Independent Director since: December 2021 Board Committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (May 2025 present) Audit Committee (December 2021 May 2025) Skills Executive Leadership Investment/Capital Allocation Strategy Thought Leadership and/or Government and Public Policy Operational and Management Finance/ Accounting International/Global Operations Public Company Board Risk Management Sustainability Career Ms. Clarke is Chair and Executive Editor of Africa.com LLC and a retired Managing Director in the investment banking division of Goldman Sachs Co., where she led corporate finance and merger acquisition transactions for corporate clients in the industrials and real estate sectors for a total of over 12 years. Ms. Clarke served on President Obama s Advisory Council on Doing Business in Africa from 2014 to 2016. Qualifications Extensive international experience, particularly in-depth knowledge of Africa Financial expertise Operational, leadership and strategic expertise Strong management and public company board experience Current Public Company Boards Arthur J. Gallagher Co. (2021 present ) Other Current Affiliations Member, Council on Foreign Relations Chair, Advisory Board of the Smithsonian National Museum of African Art Kenneth R. Frank Partner, Banneker Partners Age: 58 Independent Director since: January 2021 Board Committees: Audit Committee (January 2021 present) Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (May 2023 present; Chair since May 2024) Skills Executive Leadership Investment/Capital Allocation Strategy Wireless Industry and/or REIT Operational and Management Finance/ Accounting International/Global Operations Risk Management Cybersecurity/ Information Systems Career Mr. Frank is a Partner at Banneker Partners, a private equity firm focused in the enterprise software sector. He served as CEO of Turning Technologies, an education technology company, from 2019 to 2021, and led other enterprise software and services companies, such as Kibo Software as CEO, from 2016 to 2018, and Aptean Software as COO, from 2011 to 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Frank held a series of leadership positions at Alcatel-Lucent, between 2005 and 2012, including Global President, Solutions and Marketing, member of the Executive Committee, CTO of Alcatel North America and President, Professional Services Division. Mr. Frank previously held positions at AT T Bell Laboratories and BellSouth Telecommunications. Qualifications Extensive executive, international and cybersecurity experience in the telecommunications and technology industries Sophisticated leadership skills and familiarity with various global regions, including Europe and Asia Venture capital knowledge and financial acumen Other Public Company Boards None Other Current Affiliations Member, Board of Councilors for the Marshall School of Business at the University of Southern California Director, Orbcomm, Inc. Director, Calero-MDSL Director, Veracity Verification Solutions LLC AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Composition Rajesh Kalathur Former President, John Deere Financial, and former Chief Information Officer, Deere Company Age: 57 Independent Director since: February 2025 Board Committees: Audit Committee (February 2025 present) Skills Executive Leadership Investment/Capital Allocation Strategy Operational and Management Finance/ Accounting International/Global Operations Risk Management Cybersecurity/ Information Systems Career Mr. Kalathur most recently served as President of John Deere Financial, a leading financial services provider for dealers and customers of John Deere equipment, and Chief Information Officer of Deere Company, a global leader in the production of agricultural, construction, and forestry equipment and solutions, which he joined in 1996, until his retirement in January 2026. Mr. Kalathur has nearly 30 years of experience across finance, information technology, operations, and sales and marketing functions, including previously serving as Chief Financial Officer of Deere Company. Mr. Kalathur was previously Vice Chair of the Iowa Business Council. Qualifications Financial expertise Operational, leadership and strategic expertise in the U.S. and international markets Significant information technology and digital transformation knowledge Other Public Company Boards None Grace D. Lieblein Former Vice President, Global Quality, General Motors Company Age: 65 Independent Director since: June 2017 Board Committees: Audit Committee (June 2017 May 2021) Compensation and Human Capital Committee (May 2021 present; Chair since May 2024) Skills Executive Leadership Strategy Thought Leadership and/or Government and Public Policy Operational and Management Finance/ Accounting International/Global Operations Public Company Board Risk Management Career Ms. Lieblein most recently served as Vice President, Global Quality of General Motors Company (GM), a multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, markets and distributes vehicles, from 2014 to 2015. Ms. Lieblein joined GM in 1978 and held a variety of leadership positions in engineering, supply chain management and international operations, including serving as Vice President, Global Purchasing and Supply Chain from 2012 to 2014, GM Brazil President from 2011 to 2012, GM Mexico President from 2008 to 2011 and Vehicle Chief Engineer from 2004 to 2008. Qualifications Extensive management experience with global large-cap companies, including in Latin America Experience working with industry leaders to help further our innovation initiatives Financial expertise Strong board experience Current Public Company Boards Honeywell International Inc. (2012 present) Former Public Company Boards (Past 5 Years) Southwest Airlines Co. (2016 2022) Other Current Affiliations Director, Cox Enterprises, Inc. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 12 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Composition Craig Macnab Former CEO and Chairman, National Retail Properties, Inc. Age: 70 Independent Director since: December 2014 Board Committees: Compensation and Human Capital Committee (May 2018 May 2025; Chair, May 2019 May 2024) Audit Committee (May 2025 present; December 2014 December 2019) Skills Executive Leadership Investment/Capital Allocation Strategy Wireless Industry and/or REIT Operational and Management Finance/ Accounting International/Global Operations Public Company Board Risk Management Career Mr. Macnab served as CEO of National Retail Properties, Inc., a publicly traded REIT, from 2004 until 2017 and as Chairman of the board from 2008 until 2017. Prior to joining National Retail Properties, Mr. Macnab was the CEO, President and a director of JDN Realty Corporation, also a publicly traded REIT, from 2000 to 2003. Mr. Macnab also previously served as a director of DDR Corp. and Eclipsys Corporation, and as a director of the Cadillac Fairview Corporation Limited, a private company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan. Qualifications Extensive management experience with publicly traded REITs and global large-cap companies Financial expertise Experience as a director of other public companies Current Public Company Boards Independence Realty Trust, Inc. ( 2024 present) VICI Properties, Inc. (2017 present) Neville R. Ray Former President of Technology, T- Mobile US, Inc. Age: 63 Independent Director since: March 2024 Board Committees: Compensation and Human Capital Committee (May 2024 present) Skills Executive Leadership Strategy Thought Leadership and/or Government and Public Policy Wireless Industry and/or REIT Operational and Management International/Global Operations Public Company Board Risk Management Cybersecurity/ Information Systems Career Mr. Ray most recently served as T-Mobile USA s President of Technology until 2023. Mr. Ray joined T-Mobile USA (then VoiceStream) in 2000, and from 2010 to 2019, served as its Chief Technology Officer. Prior to that, Mr. Ray served as Network Vice President for Pacific Bell Mobile Services. Mr. Ray has served as Chairperson of the Board of Governors of 5G Americas, as Vice Chairman of the CTIA, and as a member of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration s Commerce Spectrum Management Advisory Committee and the Federal Communications Commission s Communications Security, Reliability and Interoperability Council. Mr. Ray currently serves on the U.S. President s National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee. Qualifications Extensive leadership, operational and strategic experience with publicly traded companies in the wireless industry Deep understanding of technology and innovation trends Broad perspective gained from participating in industry associations Current Public Company Boards Ziff Davis, Inc. (2024 present) Other Current Affiliations Director, Opanga Networks, Inc. (2025 present) Advisor, Ericsson (2026 present) Advisor, Paradise Mobile (2024 present) Advisor, Ciena (2023 present) AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Composition Pamela D. A. Reeve Former President and CEO, Lightbridge, Inc. Age: 76 Independent Director since: 2002; Chairperson since May 2020 Board Committees: Lead Director (May 2004 May 2020) Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (May 2009 present; August 2002 February 2005) Compensation and Human Capital Committee (April 2004 June 2016; Chair, April 2004 May 2009) Audit Committee (August 2002 July 2007) Skills Executive Leadership Investment/Capital Allocation Strategy Thought Leadership and/or Government and Public Policy Wireless Industry and/or REIT Operational and Management Finance/ Accounting International/Global Operations Public Company Board Risk Management Sustainability Career Ms. Reeve is the Chairperson of the Board of American Tower Corporation and has served in that role since 2020. Prior to that, she was the Company s Lead Director. Ms. Reeve is very active in her local Boston-area community, advocating for causes that support the advancement of women and technology innovation. A retired business executive, she previously served as the President and CEO of Lightbridge, Inc., a public company and global provider of mobile business solutions to the wireless communications industry, from 1989 to 2004. Prior to joining Lightbridge in 1989, Ms. Reeve spent 11 years as a consultant and in a series of executive positions at the Boston Consulting Group, Inc. She also previously served on the board of Sonus Networks, Inc. from 2013 to 2017. Qualifications Operational, strategic and corporate governance expertise, particularly in the communications and technology industries Financial expertise Extensive institutional knowledge and effective leadership as former Lead Director and now Chairperson Former Public Company Boards (Past 5 Years) Frontier Communications Corporation (2010 2021) Other Current Affiliations Chair of the Board, The Women s Edge Member of the Board, Boston Arts Academy Foundation AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 14 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Composition Eugene F. Reilly Former Vice Chairman, Prologis, Inc. Age: 65 Independent Director since: 2025 Board Committees: Compensation and Human Capital Committee (August 2025 present) Skills Executive Leadership Investment/Capital Allocation Strategy Wireless Industry and/or REIT Operational and Management Finance/ Accounting International/Global Operations Public Company Board Risk Management Career Mr. Reilly most recently served as the Vice Chairman of Prologis, Inc., and served as an advisor through April 2024. Mr. Reilly joined Prologis (then AMB Property Corporation) in 2003 and held several roles, including serving as Chief Investment Officer from 2019 to 2023 and Chief Executive of the Americas from 2011 to 2019. Mr. Reilly has 40 years of experience in real property investment, management and operations, including previously serving as Chief Investment Officer of Cabot Properties, Inc. Mr. Reilly previously served as a member of the technical committee of FIBRA Prologis and as a member of the board of directors and executive committee of the National Association of Industrial and Office Properties. Qualifications Extensive leadership experience in global real estate investment, operations and management Significant executive expertise overseeing large-scale business activities across the Americas Deep background in investment strategy Other Public Company Boards None Other Current Affiliations Director, STO Building Group (2025 present) Director, Cortex Building Intelligence, Inc. (2024 present) Bruce L. Tanner Former EVP and CFO, Lockheed Martin Corporation Age: 67 Independent Director since: September 2019 Board Committees: Audit Committee (December 2019 present; Chair since May 2024) Skills Executive Leadership Investment/Capital Allocation Strategy Operational and Management Finance/ Accounting International/Global Operations Public Company Board Risk Management Cybersecurity/ Information Systems Career Mr. Tanner served as the EVP and CFO of Lockheed Martin Corporation from 2007 until 2019. He joined Lockheed Martin Corporation in 1982 and, prior to being appointed CFO, held a variety of leadership positions in finance, including as Vice President of Finance and Business Operations, Lockheed Martin Aeronautics, from 2006 to 2007, and Vice President of Finance and Business Operations, Lockheed Martin Electronic Systems, from 2002 to 2006. Qualifications Extensive executive and cybersecurity experience with a global large-cap company Financial expertise Strategic, operational and advisory roles in complex financial transactions Current Public Company Boards Truist Financial Corporation (2015 present) AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Our Board is committed to strong corporate governance practices and dedicated to ensuring American Tower is managed for the long-term benefit of our stockholders and other stakeholders. To fulfill this role, the Board and its three standing committees Audit; Compensation; and Nominating meet throughout the year and engage in meaningful discussions with management to ensure that the Board is informed regarding the Company s activities, operating plans and strategic initiatives. To promote full compliance with all applicable corporate governance standards and remain aligned with best practices, the Board has adopted corporate governance principles and procedures, which it reviews annually and amends as necessary. We also continually review guidance and interpretations provided by the SEC and the NYSE. Furthermore, we engage in meaningful discussions with our stockholders regarding governance issues and potential improvements. You can access (i) the charters for each of our current committees, (ii) our Corporate Governance Guidelines, (iii) our By-Laws and (iv) our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Policy (Code of Conduct) in the Investor Relations Corporate Governance section of our website, www.americantower.com . You may also request that these documents be mailed to you by writing to: American Tower Corporation, 222 Berkeley Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02116, Attention: Investor Relations. Each committee charter, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Conduct are reviewed annually. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 16 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance Key Corporate Governance Best Practices Independence Stockholder Rights All Directors Except One Management Director Are Independent Independent Chairperson Only Independent Directors Serve on Board s Standing Committees Independent Directors Meet in Executive Session Without Management Present One Vote per Share of Common Stock Regular Stockholder Engagement Proxy Access (3%, 3 years, 25% of Board) Stockholder Ability to Call Special Meetings (25% Ownership Threshold) Stockholders Right to Act by Written Consent No Stockholder Rights Plans No Supermajority Voting Provisions Ethics and Disclosure Board Practices Code of Conduct Vendor Code of Conduct Corporate Governance Guidelines Global Human Rights Statement Disclosure Committee for Financial Reporting Ethics Committee Annual Election of All Directors Majority Voting for Directors Periodic Review of Board Composition and Succession Planning Onboarding Program for New Directors Continuing Education Programs for Directors Policy Against Director Over-boarding Review of Strategy Oversight of Risk Management and Sustainability Matters Annual Review of Board and Committees Use of Outside Experts to Assist With Board Oversight Compensation Oversight Anti-Insider Trading Policy, including Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Provisions Clawback Policy Double-Trigger Equity Vesting and No Tax Gross-Ups in a Change of Control Annual Compensation Policies Risk Assessment Review Approval Policy for Related Party Transactions Independent Compensation Consultant Annual Review of CEO Performance, Overseen by Our Independent Chairperson Annual Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation Stock Ownership Guidelines for Directors and Executives AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors Board Leadership Structure Board of Directors Our Board is committed to maintaining the authority and corporate governance practices necessary to independently oversee the Company s business and strategic direction. This framework enables the Board to fulfill its responsibility to stockholders by overseeing the work of management and the Company s business results, aligning the interests of Directors and management with those of stockholders, and supporting effective, responsive corporate governance focused on achieving the Company s strategic objectives. BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE The Board believes that independent board oversight is essential to strong corporate governance. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, if we do not have a Chairperson who is independent, an independent Lead Director will be appointed upon the recommendation of the Nominating Committee. Factors considered in selecting a Chairperson include experience serving on public company boards, leadership at the committee level, areas of expertise (with a focus on leadership and corporate governance) and interest and ability to meet the time requirements of the position. In addition, the Board believes that to complement this leadership structure, having independent Directors serving as Chairs of each of our three standing Board committees enhances the Board s effectiveness in providing independent oversight of material risks affecting the Company and fulfilling the Board s risk oversight responsibility. The Nominating Committee reviews and evaluates the Board s leadership structure periodically. The Board believes it is important to retain flexibility to determine its leadership structure based on the composition of the Board and management team and business conditions at the time, recognizing that the needs and opportunities of the Company may change over time. The Nominating Committee also takes into account the views of institutional investors and proxy advisory firms, as well as governance and industry trends. The Board is currently led by our Chairperson, Pamela D. A. Reeve, who was appointed as a Director in March 2002. Ms. Reeve was named Lead Director in May 2004 and Chairperson in May 2020. Considerations in Selecting the Chairperson During her tenure on the Board, Ms. Reeve has served on all three standing committees and provided extensive guidance to the Board and senior management. The Nominating Committee annually determines the appointment of the Chairperson and believes that Ms. Reeve is best suited for this role. The Board has continued to benefit from her invaluable business knowledge and leadership as Chairperson. The Chairperson s duties include: Calling and chairing Board meetings, including the Board s executive sessions of independent Directors; Approving agendas, materials and schedules for upcoming Board meetings, in consultation with the CEO and other independent Directors; Meeting frequently with the CEO and senior management to advise and assist on strategic, business, financial and governance matters; Preparing and conducting, together with the Chair of the Compensation Committee, the annual performance review of the CEO; and Being available for communication with the Company s significant stockholders. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 18 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors Selection of Directors and Board Refreshment SELECTION OF DIRECTORS AND BOARD REFRESHMENT To maintain sustained Company growth, it is important we continue to have a Board with the requisite competencies to provide sound stewardship. We are committed to ensuring our Board is composed of Directors who bring a wealth of leadership experience, varied viewpoints, knowledge and skills that benefit our Company and stockholders. The Nominating Committee reviews the characteristics, skills, background and experience of the Board as a whole, and of its individual members, on an ongoing basis to assess those traits against the needs identified to benefit the Company, its management and its stockholders. In addition, the Nominating Committee takes into account the nature of and time involved in a Director s service on other boards in evaluating the suitability of individual Directors and making recommendations to the Board. Other Public Boards Under the Corporate Governance Guidelines, without the consent of the Nominating Committee obtained in each case, a Director may not serve on the boards of more than four public companies (including the Company), or, if the Director is an active CEO or equivalent of another public company, on the boards of more than two public companies (including the Company). Tenure and Term Limits Our Board consists of Directors with a varied range of tenures. Our Board does not believe it should limit the number of years for which an individual may serve as a Director. Long-serving Directors provide important institutional knowledge and experience, while newer Directors bring fresh perspectives. The Board, including the Nominating Committee, believes that, as an alternative to term limits, it can ensure that the Board continues to evolve and adopt new viewpoints through periodic Board refreshment. Qualifications of Board The Nominating Committee seeks the most qualified candidates with the experience and skills that will complement the Board s overall makeup, in accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the Nominating Committee charter. The Nominating Committee strives to maintain a Board with the knowledge and skills necessary to effectively oversee a global company. Board Committee Rotation The Nominating Committee also considers the periodic rotation of committee members and committee chairs to introduce fresh perspectives to the fulfillment of the committees' duties. In 2024, new chairs for each of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee were appointed. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors Selection of Directors and Board Refreshment Board Succession Planning 1 BOARD COMPOSITION REVIEW The Nominating Committee periodically reviews the size and composition of the Board to ensure that Directors have the skills, experience and other criteria relevant to a global, dynamic, publicly traded company in the digital infrastructure space. q 2 ASSESSMENT OF DIRECTOR CANDIDATES SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS As described in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Nominating Committee assesses Director candidates based on specific criteria, as outlined under Summary of Director Skills and Qualifications on page 9 . Although the Nominating Committee does not assign specific numeric weights to these skills in its assessments, any Director candidate is expected to possess substantive knowledge or experience in several of the areas specified in the criteria. q 3 EVALUATION OF INDEPENDENT CONSULTANT S FEEDBACK Our Board believes it is important to review its effectiveness and that of its standing committees annually and, accordingly, engages with an outside independent consultant to conduct that evaluation and provide critical feedback. The feedback generated from this process assists the Board, and particularly the Nominating Committee, in determining the composition and skill set required for our Board to function effectively and oversee management s implementation of the Company s strategic goals and priorities. q 4 RECOMMENDATIONS FOR DIRECTOR CANDIDATES In considering candidates for the Board s slate of recommended Director nominees, the Nominating Committee recommends individuals it believes can best enhance the success of the business and represent stockholder interests through the exercise of sound judgment in light of the full Board s experience. To identify and evaluate Director candidates, in addition to seeking recommendations from Board members, the Nominating Committee engages one or more independent search firms to select Director candidates, reviews and discusses biographical information and background material relating to potential candidates, and, along with the independent search firm and other Board members, interviews selected potential candidates. In addition, the Nominating Committee is committed to considering all candidates proposed by stockholders in accordance with the By-Laws, if appropriate biographical and background material is provided, applying the same criteria and following substantially the same process as it does in considering other candidates. The Nominating Committee may then choose to present such candidates to the Board for consideration. q 5 SELECTION OF DIRECTOR CANDIDATE Upon selection, a candidate is interviewed by the independent search firm and certain Board members, and an analysis is prepared to further assess the suitability of the candidate to address the Board s needs. If the candidate is selected for recommendation to the Board, a review of his or her independence and potential conflicts is conducted. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 20 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors Selection of Directors and Board Refreshment Board Refreshment Board Changes in the Past 5 Years 6 new independent Directors have been added to the Board since 2021. 6 independent Directors (1) have left the Board since 2021. Skills of Newly Added Directors Investment/Capital Allocation Strategy Cybersecurity/Information Systems Wireless Industry and/or REIT (1) Including Mr. Hormats, who will not be standing for re-election at the Annual Meeting. New Independent Directors in the Past 5 Years: 2021 2022 2024 2025 Kenneth R. Frank Distinguished leader in a number of technology organizations and relevant global business and industry experience Kelly C. Chambliss Success as a leader of dynamic global services and technology businesses, with vast knowledge of CoreSite and the data center industry Neville R. Ray More than 30 years of experience building and operating wireless networks in the U.S. and globally, along with knowledge of the Company and the competitive ecosystem Rajesh Kalathur Extensive global financial, technical and operations experience and demonstrated leadership in transformation Teresa H. Clarke Comprehensive global perspective, from extensive leadership experience across finance, technology and public policy, including in Africa Eugene F. Reilly Decades of experience leading a large, global REIT, including extensive capital allocation and operational expertise AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors Director Independence DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The NYSE rules effectively create a two-step process for determining whether a Director qualifies as independent. First, a Director must satisfy the bright-line standards for independence established by the NYSE. Second, the Board must affirmatively determine that the Director has no material relationship with the Company, either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company. As set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board has established guidelines to help it determine whether a Director has a material relationship with the Company. Under these guidelines, a Director is not considered to have a material relationship with the Company solely on the grounds that he or she: is an executive officer or employee, or has an immediate family member who is an executive officer, of a company that makes payments to, or receives payments from, us for property or services, unless the amount of such payments or receipts, in any of the three fiscal years preceding the determination, exceeded the greater of $1 million or two percent (2%) of such other company s consolidated gross revenues; is an executive officer of another company that is indebted to us, or to which we are indebted, unless the total amount of either company s indebtedness to the other is more than five percent (5%) of the total consolidated assets of the company at which he or she serves as an executive officer; is a director of another company that does business with us, provided that he or she owns less than five percent (5%) of the outstanding capital stock of the other company and recuses himself or herself from any deliberations of our Board with respect to such other company; or serves as an executive officer of any charitable organization, unless our charitable contributions to the organization, in any of the three fiscal years preceding the determination, exceeded the greater of $1 million or two percent (2%) of such charitable organization s consolidated gross revenues. In addition, ownership of a significant amount of our Common Stock, by itself, does not constitute a material relationship. For relationships not covered by these guidelines, the other independent Directors will determine whether a material relationship exists, based upon the recommendation of the Nominating Committee. No immediate family relationship exists between any of our Directors or executive officers and any other Directors or executive officers. 10 of 11 Current Director Nominees of American Tower Are Independent. Director Independence Determinations for the Annual Meeting The Board has determined that each of American Tower s non-management Directors who are standing for re-election at the Annual Meeting, based on his or her compliance with the Board s established guidelines, has no material relationship with the Company and is independent under Section 303A.02 of the NYSE listing standards. In making its assessment, the Board determined that each of Messrs. Frank, Kalathur, Macnab and Tanner and Mses. Clarke and Reeve had no relationship with the Company, other than being a Director and/or stockholder. With respect to Messrs. Ray and Reilly and Mses. Chambliss and Lieblein, the Board determined that any relationships with the Company were appropriate, given each recuses himself or herself from material deliberations involving such affiliated company as necessary. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 22 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors Director Independence Specifically, the Board considered that each of Messrs. Ray and Reilly and Mses. Chambliss and Lieblein served or is currently serving as a director or executive officer of a company that conducts business with us, as follows: Mr. Ray served as an executive officer and as an employee of T-Mobile US, Inc. (T-Mobile) until April 2023 and October 2023, respectively; Mr. Reilly served as the Vice Chairman of Prologis, Inc. until his retirement in December 2023; Ms. Chambliss served as Senior Vice President of IBM Consulting in the Americas until October 2025; and Ms. Lieblein is currently a director of Honeywell International Inc. and Cox Enterprises, Inc. In each case, the Board determined that this service was in accordance with the NYSE listing standards and our Corporate Governance Guidelines in that none of these Directors beneficially owns five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding capital stock of the applicable company, each recuses himself or herself from any deliberations of the Board with respect to the applicable company and, in each case for Mr. Reilly and Mses. Chambliss and Lieblein, payments made to, or received from, each applicable company were less than the greater of $1 million or two percent (2%) of both the Company s and the applicable company s estimated total revenue in the 2025 fiscal year. While T-Mobile was one of the Company s top customers by total revenue in 2025, Mr. Ray is no longer an employee of T-Mobile as of his election to our Board in March 2024. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors Annual Evaluation ANNUAL EVALUATION To identify areas that are effective and areas for improvement, our Board, with oversight by the Nominating Committee, conducts annual evaluations of its performance and that of each of its three standing committees. The Board recognizes that a robust and constructive evaluation process is essential to good governance and effectiveness. The table below summarizes the process followed in 2025. We expect to conduct a similar Board and committee self-evaluation process in 2026. 1 EVALUATION QUESTIONNAIRES Independent consultant solicits candid input from each Director regarding the performance and effectiveness of the Board, its committees and individual Directors. q 2 INDIVIDUAL INTERVIEWS Independent consultant conducts interviews with each of the Directors. q 3 REVIEW OF FEEDBACK Independent consultant reviews questionnaires and interview responses and aggregates the results as they relate to Director performance, Board dynamics and the effectiveness of the Board and its committees. Independent consultant presents the findings first to the Nominating Committee, and then to the full Board in executive session. q 4 USE OF FEEDBACK The independent consultant develops recommendations based on the themes or issues that emerged, providing suggestions for areas of improvement for each committee and the Board and an action plan for implementing those suggested changes. q 5 CHANGES IMPLEMENTED As a result of this evaluation process, over the past few years, the Board has: strengthened the Director refreshment practices; improved the succession planning process for senior leadership; and added new highly-skilled Directors to enhance the Board s composition. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 24 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors Board Meetings BOARD MEETINGS Our Board is committed to strong corporate governance practices and dedicated to ensuring American Tower is managed for the long- term benefit of our stockholders and other stakeholders. To fulfill this goal, the Board and its three standing committees Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee meet throughout the year and engage in meaningful discussions with management to ensure that the Board is informed regarding the Company s activities, operating plans and strategic initiatives. During the 2025 fiscal year, our Board held four regular meetings and five special meetings. Each Director attended at least 75% of the aggregate number of meetings of our Board. Each Director also attended at least 75% of the committee meetings for the committees on which he or she served, with the exception of Ms. Clarke and Mr. Reilly, who attended 67% and 50%, respectively, of their committee meetings following their appointments to such committees in 2025, and were unable to attend all of the committee meetings due to prior commitments. All of our Director nominees serving on the Board as of the date of our 2025 Annual Meeting attended such meeting. We encourage, but do not require, our Directors to attend each annual meeting of stockholders. In determining whether to recommend a Director for re-election, the Nominating Committee considers the Director s past attendance at meetings and participation in, and contributions to, the activities of the Board and its standing committees. The American Tower Board: By the Numbers in 2025 4 Regular meetings held by the Board 5 Special meetings held by the Board At least 75% of regular and special Board meetings attended by each current Director 100% of the Directors attended the 2025 Annual Meeting AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors Board Committees BOARD COMMITTEES Our Board has three standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee. Only independent Directors serve on the standing committees. Audit Committee MEETINGS IN 2025: 8 CURRENT MEMBERS Rotated On May 2025 Craig Macnab Appointed In February 2025 Rajesh Kalathur Rotated Off May 2025 Teresa H. Clarke Bruce L. Tanner (Chair) Kenneth R. Frank Rajesh Kalathur Craig Macnab Key Responsibilities: Oversees management s financial reporting processes. Meets with our independent registered public accounting firm, outside the presence of management, to discuss our financial reporting, including internal accounting controls and policies and procedures. Approves all fees related to audit and non-audit services provided by the independent public accounting firm. Has the sole authority to select, retain, terminate and determine the compensation of our independent registered public accounting firm. Oversees our systems of internal accounting and financial controls. Reviews the global internal audit plan, including the annual fraud risk assessment. Reviews the annual independent audit of our financial statements. Reviews our financial disclosures. Reviews and implements our Code of Conduct in conjunction with, and with oversight from, the Ethics Committee. Oversees the establishment and implementation of whistle-blowing procedures. Oversees our risk and policies for risk management, including due to litigation, ethics issues, cybersecurity, the deployment of artificial intelligence (AI), insurance and other compliance matters. Each member of the Audit Committee is an audit committee financial expert under SEC rules and has the accounting or related financial-management expertise required under NYSE rules. In addition, each member is independent under the additional independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). No Audit Committee member serves on the audit committee of more than two other public companies. The Audit Committee s meetings in 2025 were designed to facilitate and encourage communication among the members of the Audit Committee, management, our internal auditors and our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP (Deloitte). Prior to each earnings release, the Audit Committee met with management and our auditors to review the financial results. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 26 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors Board Committees Compensation and Human Capital Committee MEETINGS IN 2025: 4 CURRENT MEMBERS Appointed In August 2025 Eugene F. Reilly Rotated Off May 2025 Craig Macnab Grace D. Lieblein (Chair) Kelly C. Chambliss Neville R. Ray Eugene F. Reilly Key Responsibilities: Leads the Board in establishing compensation policies for our executive officers and the Board, including approving employment agreements or arrangements, if any, with executive officers. Reviews and approves individual and overall corporate goals and objectives related to executive compensation; evaluates executive performance in light of those goals and objectives; and determines executive compensation levels based on this evaluation, including as it relates to our CEO. Regularly assesses our compensation plans to determine whether any elements create an inappropriate level of risk. Administers our equity incentive plans, approving any proposed amendments or modifications. Reviews our compensation programs. Reviews and implements our Clawback Policy. Oversees our stock ownership guidelines. Receives reports from management on human capital management programs and practices. Regularly reviews executive compensation market trends, recommending changes to programs or processes accordingly. Reviews Compensation Committee reports, Pay versus performance and CEO pay ratio for inclusion in appropriate regulatory filings, and results of the annual advisory say on pay vote. For more information on the Compensation Committee s role and our processes and procedures for determining executive compensation, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 40 . AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors Executive Sessions Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee MEETINGS IN 2025: 12 CURRENT MEMBERS Rotated On May 2025 Teresa H. Clarke Kenneth R. Frank (Chair) Teresa H. Clarke Robert D. Hormats (1) Pamela D. A. Reeve Key Responsibilities: Identifies and recommends individuals to serve on the Board and its committees. Develops and makes recommendations to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, including the appropriate size, composition and responsibilities of the Board and its committees. Reviews corporate governance best practices and market trends. Reviews and approves or ratifies any related party transactions. Reviews any contemplated outside directorships of current Board members. Establishes performance criteria for the annual evaluation of the Board and its committees, and oversees the annual self-evaluation by Board members. Responds to stockholder requests and inquiries. Reviews and recommends Director training initiatives and reviews Director onboarding program. Oversees and reviews the Company s sustainability programs and corporate responsibility policies, including environmental initiatives, human capital management, the development of its workforce and sustainability reporting. Advises the Board with respect to Board committee charters, composition and protocol, including the current Board structure. (1) Mr. Hormats is not standing for re-election, but will continue to serve on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee through the date of the Annual Meeting. EXECUTIVE SESSIONS The independent Directors periodically meet in executive sessions, both through (i) sessions without the CEO or other members of senior management present, and (ii) sessions with members of senior management who have expertise relevant to the matter being discussed at such executive sessions. An executive session is typically scheduled either immediately before or immediately after each regular Board or committee meeting. The Chairperson presides at such sessions, and in her absence, the Board can designate the Chair of the Nominating Committee or, alternatively, the Chair of the Board committee relevant to the matter being discussed to preside. Upon reasonable notice to the other independent Directors, any independent Director may call for an executive session, with or without the presence of the Chairperson, if he or she deems it necessary or appropriate. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 28 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors Director Onboarding, Continuing Education and Access to Employees DIRECTOR ONBOARDING, CONTINUING EDUCATION AND ACCESS TO EMPLOYEES Orientation To familiarize new Directors with American Tower s business, strategies and policies, and to assist new Directors in developing Company and industry knowledge to optimize their service on the Board, we conduct a robust orientation program, which includes, among other things, a presentation on: our business and the wireless infrastructure sector, the data centers business, each of our regional markets, our capital structure, our strategic plan, Board and committee responsibilities, corporate responsibility (including the American Tower Foundation (the Foundation)), ethics standards and legal and risk management, Corporate Governance Guidelines and Company policies, and securities trading and reporting. Continuing Education Because we believe our Directors should be continually educated regarding corporate governance processes and practices, our business and our industry, we periodically conduct Board education sessions, often using external experts. For example, in 2025, the Board attended education sessions on our international customers, data centers and corporate tax matters, among other topics. The Nominating Committee annually reviews the current year s Director training initiatives to determine programs for the upcoming year. Additionally, we encourage each independent Director to attend, annually and at the Company s expense, at least one board education course offered by either an academic institution or a professional service organization. Access to Employees The Board has access to the Company s senior management to ensure that Directors can gather the information necessary to fulfill their duties. Members of senior management are encouraged to invite Company personnel to any Board meeting at which their presence and expertise would help the Board to have a full understanding of matters being considered. In 2025, during Board meetings held in offices outside of the Company s headquarters, the Board met with various employees for lunches and other social events. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors Process of Setting Director Compensation PROCESS OF SETTING DIRECTOR COMPENSATION The Compensation Committee has oversight of director compensation, including the authority to grant equity-based awards. The Compensation Committee conducts an annual review and assessment of all compensation, cash and equity-based, paid to our non-management Directors. In addition, the Compensation Committee seeks advice from the Board s independent compensation consultant at least every other year, or more often as needed, in connection with evaluating our director compensation program relative to relevant market data and formulating its recommendations to the full Board. As of December 31, 2025, our standard compensatory arrangement with our non-management Directors included the following: Director Compensation Element Payment Board Service Mix of Compensation Board Service Annual Cash Retainer $ 100,000 Additional Annual Payment to Chairperson $ 150,000 Committee Service Chair (2) Member Audit Committee $ 25,000 $ 15,000 Compensation Committee $ 15,000 $ 15,000 Nominating Committee $ 10,000 $ 15,000 (1) The Average Cash Compensation excludes $150,000 paid to the Chairperson of the Board. (2) Amount paid for Chair service is in addition to the amount paid for service as a committee member. On March 10, 2025, based on their performance in the prior year and expected future contributions to the Company, we granted each of the non-management Director s 1,056 RSUs, which will fully vest and settle in shares of Common Stock on the one-year anniversary of the grant date. The following table provides information regarding the compensation of each non-management Director who served on our Board during the year ended December 31, 2025, other than Ms. JoAnn Reed, who did not stand for re-election at the 2025 Annual Meeting. Information regarding the compensation of Mr. Vondran may be found under Executive Compensation Tables beginning on page 63 . Director Compensation for 2025 Name (a) Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (b) Stock Awards ($) (1)(2) (c) Total ($) (h) Kelly C. Chambliss $ 115,000 $ 225,002 $ 340,002 Teresa H. Clarke $ 115,000 $ 225,002 $ 340,002 Kenneth R. Frank $ 140,000 $ 225,002 $ 365,002 Robert D. Hormats $ 115,000 $ 225,002 $ 340,002 Rajesh Kalathur $ 115,000 $ 225,002 $ 340,002 Grace D. Lieblein $ 130,000 $ 225,002 $ 355,002 Craig Macnab $ 115,000 $ 225,002 $ 340,002 Neville R. Ray $ 115,000 $ 225,002 $ 340,002 Pamela D. A. Reeve $ 265,000 $ 225,002 $ 490,002 Eugene F. Reilly (3) $ 57,500 $ $ 57,500 Bruce L. Tanner $ 140,000 $ 225,002 $ 365,002 (1) The amount in column (c) reflects the aggregate grant date fair value of awards granted for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. The aggregate grant date fair value of the awards was calculated by multiplying the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the RSU awards by $213.07, the closing market price of shares of our Common Stock on the grant date, March 10, 2025. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 30 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Risk Oversight (2) No stock option awards were granted during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2025, each non-management Director who served on our Board during 2025 held the following shares of Common Stock underlying the RSU awards: Name Number of Unvested Shares Underlying RSU Award (#) Market Value of Unvested Shares Underlying Unvested RSU Award ($) (i) RSU Award Grant Date Kelly C. Chambliss 1,056 $ 185,402 3/10/2025 Teresa H. Clarke 1,056 $ 185,402 3/10/2025 Kenneth R. Frank 1,056 $ 185,402 3/10/2025 Robert D. Hormats 1,056 $ 185,402 3/10/2025 Rajesh Kalathur 1,056 $ 185,402 3/10/2025 Grace D. Lieblein 1,056 $ 185,402 3/10/2025 Craig Macnab 1,056 $ 185,402 3/10/2025 Neville R. Ray 1,056 $ 185,402 3/10/2025 Pamela D. A. Reeve 1,056 $ 185,402 3/10/2025 Eugene F. Reilly (3) $ Bruce L. Tanner 1,056 $ 185,402 3/10/2025 (i) The value of the unvested shares of Common Stock underlying the RSU award was calculated by multiplying the number of unvested shares of Common Stock by $175.57, the closing market price of shares of our Common Stock on December 31, 2025. (3) Mr. Reilly joined the Board and the Compensation Committee in August 2025 and received compensation for meetings thereafter, and did not receive a stock award in 2025. Risk Oversight OVERSIGHT OF STRATEGY Oversight of the Company s strategy is one of the Board s most important responsibilities. Throughout the year, management regularly discusses strategy, strategic goals and progress against those goals with the Board. The Board is responsible for overseeing the formation and execution of the Company s strategic plans and for understanding the associated risks and actions that management is taking to manage and mitigate those risks. OVERSIGHT OF RISK MANAGEMENT ERM Program: Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program includes an assessment of a broad range of the Company s strategic , operational , financial and regulatory risks. Throughout the year, members of a cross-functional team within the Company identify and review risks and mitigations through comprehensive workshops. Annually, management presents and discusses the key risks identified in the ERM process with the full Board, soliciting input from Directors on the steps taken to mitigate risks and plans for additional mitigation in the year ahead. The Board oversees the management of the Company s risk exposure through the framework outlined below. Our standing committees, which are made up solely of independent Directors, most of whom have extensive experience in providing strategic and advisory guidance and assessments to other public companies, assist the Board in evaluating the specific risks the Company faces in the areas of finance, compensation and governance, as outlined below, as well as our policies for risk management and assessment. At each regularly scheduled Board meeting, each committee s Chair reports on, among other things, any identified risks associated with that committee s principal areas of focus. We believe this is an effective approach to addressing the risks we face and supports our current Board leadership structure. It allows our independent Directors to review our risks and our risk management and assessment policies through fully independent Board committees, with ultimate oversight by the full Board. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 31 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Risk Oversight BOARD OF DIRECTORS Reviews the Company s most significant risks and mitigations, including during the annual ERM presentation by the Company s leaders in the Corporate Legal department, and ensures management responds appropriately with risk-informed strategic decisions. Monitors risk exposure to ensure it is in line with the Company s overall tolerance for, and ability to manage, risk. The Chairperson discusses management s assessment of risks and mitigations in executive sessions and determines whether further review or action by the full Board or a particular committee would be appropriate. Additionally, the Board reviews the risk factors included in the Company s annual reports filed with the SEC. COMMITTEES THE AUDIT COMMITTEE THE COMPENSATION AND HUMAN CAPITAL COMMITTEE THE NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Has primary responsibility for reviewing financial risk for the Company. Considers material litigation instituted against the Company and reviews cybersecurity issues and the resolution of issues raised through our Ethics Committee process. Identifies and assesses audit, accounting, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, financial reporting, compliance and legal risks, and oversees the methodologies that management implements to address those risks. Reviews and balances risk in our compensation practices, programs and policies. Regularly assesses, with its independent compensation consultant and management, the Company s compensation programs to determine if any elements of these programs create an inappropriate level of risk and to evaluate management s methods to mitigate any potential risks. Oversees risks related to human capital management, including employee training and development, workforce planning and recruitment and employee engagement. Oversees the management of risks associated with Board and committee composition, including the current Directors skill sets and the Company s anticipated future needs. Oversees risks associated with the Company s corporate governance structure and related party transactions. Oversees risks related to the Company s sustainability programs and corporate responsibility policies, including environmental initiatives, workforce composition and sustainability reporting. MANAGEMENT Conducts a comprehensive, annual enterprise risk assessment to identify the most significant existing and emerging risks to the successful achievement of the Company s strategic and operational goals, along with the procedures and initiatives in place to address those risks. Presents results of assessment to the Board for discussion, thereby enabling the Board to successfully oversee the Company s risk management activities. Provides quarterly updates to the Board concerning any strategic, operational and emerging risks, including risks related to cybersecurity and climate change, to the Company s ability to achieve its business goals and initiatives, along with updates to the mitigation activities underway to address those risks. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 32 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Responsible Business at American Tower Corporation Responsible Business at American Tower Corporation Ethics and integrity guide every aspect of our business. We have a strong governance system in place that shapes our Company s strategy, policies and culture. We recognize that strong governance is key to maintaining the trust and support of our stakeholders. Our commitment to ethical, high-quality operations is reflected in our governance practices, starting with the actions of our Board and leadership, cascading through all levels of the organization and permeating across all markets. We value the relationships we have built with all our stakeholders, including employees, stockholders, customers, suppliers, landlords, local communities, trade organizations, non-governmental organizations and governing authorities, and recognize their feedback and engagement are critical to our success. We regularly engage our key stakeholder groups through a variety of platforms to better inform our strategy and ultimately drive the management of our business and material topics. Employees Stockholders Customers Local Communities Suppliers and Landlords Industry Groups Governing Authorities SPOTLIGHT ON AI GOVERNANCE AT AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION In September 2024, the Board formalized the Audit Committee s oversight of risk exposure related to AI, while retaining overall responsibility for oversight of the Company s AI strategy. The Audit Committee receives quarterly (and more frequently as needed) AI updates. Together with management, the Board and Audit Committee have overseen the development and launch of the Company s AI governance program, as described below. AI GOVERNANCE PROGRAM At the core of the Company s AI governance program is our Global Artificial Intelligence Use and Development Policy (AI Policy), launched in 2025, which defines the benefits, restrictions and preconditions for AI use within the Company. Under this AI Policy, a chartered, permanent AI Steering Committee composed of senior leaders from legal, information technology (IT), information security, business enablement and CoreSite reviews all new AI use cases and tools and determines whether to authorize, deny or restrict them, rooted in a balanced evaluation of the risks to the Company and the anticipated benefits to internal teams, vendors and clients. The AI Steering Committee has also developed and implemented mandatory AI training for all Company employees, equipping them with knowledge needed to identify risks and responsibly leverage AI s benefits. AI GOVERNANCE PROGRAM BOARD OF DIRECTORS Owns the Company s overall AI strategy, with oversight of AI-related risks delegated to the Audit Committee SENIOR LEADERSHIP TEAM Provides operational leadership in the development, launch and execution of the Company s AI governance program AI GOVERNANCE PROGRAM STEERING COMMITTEE Comprised of senior leaders from legal, IT, information security, business enablement and CoreSite, and charged with reviewing all new AI use cases and determining authorization or restrictions AMERICAN TOWER EMPLOYEES Must abide by the Company s AI Policy and the AI governance program, including following required review process on new AI use cases and completing assigned trainings AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 33 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Executive Succession Planning Executive Succession Planning Our Board s involvement in leadership development and succession planning is ongoing. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board, in its executive sessions, annually considers and reviews succession candidates for the CEO and other executive leadership positions for both near- and long-term planning. The Board reviews potential candidates for succession planning purposes, in light of their performance, leadership qualities and ability to manage additional responsibilities. The Board also considers potential risks regarding the retention of our current executive officers and succession candidates, the timeline for implementing each succession plan, and the extent of disruption likely to be caused as a result of unplanned attrition. In addition, as part of its risk management process, the Board has developed an interim emergency succession plan. The Board values the experience and insight our long-tenured employees provide to the Company. As part of its succession plan over the past few years, several highly accomplished employees were promoted within the Company. 2023 u 2024 u 2025 Steven O. Vondran, who has been with the Company for over 25 years, appointed to the role of Executive Vice President, Global Chief Operating Officer for an interim period, effective November 1, 2023 until February 1, 2024 Eugene M. Noel, who has been with the Company for 15 years, appointed to the role of Executive Vice President and President, U.S. Tower Division, effective November 1, 2023 Mr. Vondran appointed to the roles of President, CEO and Director of the Board, effective February 1, 2024 Mr. Noel appointed to the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, effective January 13, 2025 Richard C. Rossi, who has been with the Company for 25 years, appointed to the role of Executive Vice President and President, U.S. Tower, effective January 13, 2025 Additionally, for our employees with high potential, we offer several professional development opportunities designed to support them through a career path to become the Company s next executive leaders. These opportunities are supported by a comprehensive talent-management review process to develop future leaders and ensure effective succession planning. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 34 ABOUT AMERICAN TOWER Sustainability Framework and Highlights Sustainability Framework and Highlights Our business inherently promotes sustainability through the reduced environmental footprint of shared infrastructure. Across our global operations, we strive to uphold leading standards of environmental stewardship, social responsibility and corporate governance, while supporting the communities in which we operate. Our sustainability approach is anchored on three core pillars environment, social and governance which together guide our commitment to building a more connected and resilient world. Sustainability Governance While the Nominating Committee oversees the sustainability function, including the annual reporting process, the entire Board reviews, discusses and addresses key sustainability matters. We provide our Directors with relevant updates and required disclosures to support their oversight responsibilities and ensure effective governance of sustainability matters. Environment Recent Highlights: (1) Expanded our Green Sites portfolio to 1,200+ locations globally, each designed with energy efficient equipment and other sustainable features and typically includes over 16 kilowatt of installed on-site solar capacity per location Expanded our global deployment of lithium ion battery (LIB) energy storage systems, now installed at 24,000+ sites across our portfolio, with total installed LIB capacity in 2025 reaching 1,100+ megawatt hours Surpassed our on site renewable energy goal for 2025 by generating 132+ gigawatt hours of on-site clean energy across our global portfolio, exceeding our target of achieving a 10% increase over the 2024 baseline (1) As of December 31, 2025 Social Recent Highlights: (1) $3.2M+ directed to learning and development training Invested more than $3.2 million in 2025 in training offered through ATC YOU our global learning university and in a comprehensive suite of executive and employee development programs that elevate capabilities and position our teams for long term success $2.5M+ contributions by the Foundation Over $2.5 million distributed globally by the Foundation in 2025 through matching programs, disaster-relief donations, grants and other financial contributions Together with our partners, we have served more than 1,250,000 people across our global footprint through our Digital Communities program, which establishes digitally connected spaces in underserved communities; our goal is to positively impact the quality of life for at least two million people by the end of 2030 . (1) As of December 31, 2025 Governance Recent Highlights: Named as one of: Newsweek s America s Most Responsible Companies (2026) Newsweek s America s Greenest Companies (2026) Newsweek s World s Most Trustworthy Companies (2025) Newsweek s Most Trustworthy Companies in America (2025) Forbes World s Best Employers (2025) U.S. News World Report s Best Companies to Work For - Northeast (2025-2026) 16,000+ classes completed on cybersecurity and responsible AI use training Employees completed more than 16,000 classes of training on cybersecurity and responsible AI use in 2025 . AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 35 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Stockholder Outreach and Rights Stockholder Outreach and Rights We believe regular, transparent stockholder engagement is essential to American Tower s long-term success. In 2025, we continued our practice of engaging with stockholders to understand their perspectives on performance and strategy, corporate governance, executive compensation, sustainability and other matters. We presented at financial and industry conferences. We met with financial and governance analysts and investment firms. We met with institutional stockholders. We responded to stockholder inquiries. Scheduled meetings in 2025 with stockholders Regular engagement with stockholders on a broad range of topics 2025 Discussion Topics Included: Performance and Strategy Executive Succession Planning Human Capital Management Environmental Sustainability Board Tenure and Refreshment Executive Compensation Strategic Acquisitions and Divestitures Political Spending and Lobbying Balance Sheet Management Capital Allocation Priorities Report to Board of Directors Senior management regularly updates each committee of the Board on relevant topics, highlighting items discussed and feedback received during stockholder outreach campaigns, as well as the outcome of the advisory vote results on executive compensation. Response to Investor Outreach In response to communications with our investors, our Board and management team has taken action, implementing the following recent change to our 2026 compensation for executives: Beginning in 2026, relative TSR will represent 30% of the PSU awards granted under our long-term incentive award program. Detailed information about the TSR metric can be found beginning on page 57 . Our By-Laws permit a group of up to 20 stockholders, who have owned at least three percent (3%) of American Tower stock continuously for at least three (3) years, the ability to submit Director nominees up to twenty-five percent (25%) of the Board for inclusion in our proxy statement if the stockholder(s) and the nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in our By-Laws. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 36 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Communications From Stockholders and Other Interested Parties PROXY ACCESS Holders of at least 3% of AMT stock held by up to 20 stockholders Holding the stock continuously for at least 3 years Can nominate up to 25% of the Board for election at an annual meeting of stockholders In addition, we provide our stockholders with both the right to call a special meeting and act by written consent, the terms of which reflect current market practice. Communications From Stockholders and Other Interested Parties The Board attends to written communications submitted by stockholders and other interested parties and will respond when appropriate. The Board has designated the Nominating Committee to consider, and determine responses to, communications from stockholders and other interested parties. If you wish to send communications on any topic to the Board and its non-management Directors, address your communications to: Kenneth R. Frank, Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, c/o General Counsel, American Tower Corporation, 222 Berkeley Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. Stockholders proposing Director nominations or any other business for consideration at a meeting of stockholders must comply with the proxy access provisions or the advance notice and related provisions in our By-Laws, as applicable. MONITORING OF COMMUNICATIONS FROM STOCKHOLDERS u FORWARDING OF COMMUNICATIONS TO DIRECTORS u RESPONDING TO STOCKHOLDERS Under most circumstances, the Chair of the Nominating Committee is, with the assistance of our General Counsel, primarily responsible for monitoring communications from stockholders and for providing copies or summaries of such communications to the other Directors, as he or she considers appropriate. Communications that relate to substantive matters and include suggestions or comments the Chair of the Nominating Committee considers to be important for the Directors to consider will be forwarded to all Directors. In general, communications relating to corporate governance and long-term corporate strategy are more likely to be forwarded than are communications relating to ordinary business affairs or matters that are personal or otherwise not relevant to the Company, including mass mailings and repetitive or duplicative communications. Responses are made to stockholders by the most suited person, including a Director or member of senior management. We use the feedback received from stockholders to improve our corporate governance, sustainability and disclosure practices. In addition, we have made numerous changes to executive compensation to align compensation to long-term stockholder value, improve transparency and implement stock ownership guidelines for all executives. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 37 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Approval of Related Party Transactions Approval of Related Party Transactions Our Corporate Governance Guidelines include a policy that the Nominating Committee shall review and approve all related party transactions for potential conflicts of interest and will prohibit such a transaction if it determines it to be inconsistent with the interests of the Company and its stockholders. Under the policy, (i) related party transactions means all transactions between the Company and any related party other than transactions available to employees or Directors generally or transactions involving less than $120,000, and (ii) related parties means our executive officers, Directors and stockholders owning more than five percent (5%) of our Common Stock, as well as any such person s immediate family members. The policy also covers entities that are owned or controlled by related parties, or entities in or of which related parties have a substantial ownership interest or control. Under the policy, management must present to the Nominating Committee the proposed terms of any related party transaction that it wishes to enter into, including the value of the proposed transaction. After reviewing the transaction, the Nominating Committee will approve or disapprove it, and management must continue to update the Nominating Committee of any material change to any approved transaction. If management enters into a related party transaction before the Nominating Committee approves it, the Nominating Committee must ratify the transaction or management must make all reasonable efforts to cancel or annul the transaction. In 2025, the Company received approximately $ 1.5 million from Ligado Networks, LLC (Ligado). Payments from Ligado to the Company were customary recurring lease payments for tower space Ligado leases on multiple communications sites. Doug Smith, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Ligado, is the brother of Rodney M. Smith, the Company s Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This transaction was reviewed and ratified by the Nominating Committee in accordance with the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines. Stock Ownership Guidelines To further align the interests of our leadership with those of our stockholders and promote our commitment to sound corporate governance, our Corporate Governance Guidelines include stock ownership guidelines. Each executive officer and Director is expected to beneficially own American Tower stock equal in market value to a specified multiple of his or her annual base salary or annual cash retainer, as applicable. The guideline for the CEO is six (6) times his or her annual base salary and for each of the other executive officers is three (3) times his or her annual base salary. The guideline for each non-management Director is five (5) times the annual cash retainer. Each executive officer and non-management Director has five (5) years from the date of hire/appointment to reach his or her ownership target. Additionally, each executive officer is required to retain at least 50% of shares, net of tax obligations, until he or she meets the ownership requirements. To determine compliance with these guidelines, we count actual shares and unvested RSUs. The Compensation Committee administers these stock ownership guidelines and may modify their terms and grant hardship exceptions at its discretion. As of December 31, 2025, each executive officer and non-management Director met his or her ownership target, or was within the timeframe of meeting such target. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 38 Compensation and Other Information Concerning Directors and Officers PROPOSAL 2 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation We are providing our stockholders the opportunity to approve, on an advisory basis (a say on pay vote), the compensation of our named executive officers as described in Compensation Discussion and Analysis and related tabular and narrative disclosures in this Proxy Statement, in accordance with Section 14A of the Exchange Act. We intend to submit our executive compensation to an advisory vote annually, consistent with the advisory vote of our stockholders on the frequency of the say on pay vote at our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (2023 Annual Meeting). The next advisory say on pay vote of our stockholders will be held at our 2027 Annual Meeting. The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement, pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC. We believe our executive officers play a critical role in our financial, strategic and operational performance and in creating long-term stockholder value. Accordingly, our executive compensation philosophy is to create a balance that achieves our executive retention objectives, while rewarding our executive officers under a pay-for-performance philosophy through an appropriate combination of base salary, annual performance incentive awards and long-term, equity-based compensation. The objectives of our executive compensation program include: attracting and retaining top talent; motivating and engaging our executive officers; and driving sustainable, long-term growth and stockholder value consistent with our vision and growth strategy. We continually review our executive compensation program. We seek the input of our stockholders, and based on such engagement, have made changes to our executive compensation program over time, which reflect those discussions. We urge you to read the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, including the accompanying compensation tables and related narrative disclosures in this Proxy Statement, as it provides greater detail on our compensation philosophy and determinations. The Compensation Committee and the Board believe our executive compensation program and policies are consistent with, and help us achieve the goals of, our compensation philosophy. Required Vote Approval of this resolution requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by, or on behalf of, stockholders at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes are not considered as votes cast for or against this proposal and have no effect on the results. Although the advisory vote on this proposal is non-binding, meaning that our Board is not required to adjust our executives compensation or our compensation programs or policies as a result of the vote, we encourage all stockholders to vote their shares on this matter, as the Board and the Compensation Committee will consider the voting results when determining compensation policies and decisions, including future executive compensation decisions. AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 39 COMPENSATION AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Discussion and Analysis In this section, we summarize our philosophy and objectives regarding the compensation of our NEOs, including our policies on how we determine the elements and amounts of executive compensation. We encourage you to read this discussion and analysis, in conjunction with our compensation tables beginning on page 63 and the report of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee of our Board on page 62 of this Proxy Statement. All references to the Committee in this section refer to the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. Our 2025 NEOs Name | Title Steven O. Vondran President and CEO Ruth T. Dowling Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Rodney M. Smith Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Eugene M. Noel (2) Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Olivier Puech (1) Former Executive Vice President and President, International (1) Mr. Puech retired from the Company effective January 2, 2026. (2) Mr. Noel was appointed to the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer effective January 13, 2025, and is incl