=== AMT_2026-02-24.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Business Strategy A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand. A significant reduction in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Factors that may affect such demand include: • the ability and willingness of wireless and cloud service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure; • the financial condition of communications service providers; • increased mergers, consolidations or exits that reduce the number of communications service providers or increased use of network sharing among governments or communications service providers; • a decrease in demand for wireless or colocation services, including due to general economic conditions, changes in global tariff or trade policies or regulations, disruption in the financial and credit markets or global social, political or health crises, inflation, slowing growth, high interest rates or recession; • delays or changes in the deployment of next generation wireless technologies; • technological changes, including artificial intelligence (“AI”), wireless equipment changes, satellite technology and an increase in the use of radio access network (“RAN”) sharing among wireless service providers; • zoning, environmental, health, tax or other government regulations or changes in the application and enforcement thereof; and • governmental licensing of spectrum or restriction or revocation of our customers’ spectrum licenses. Our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted by disputes with our customers. In the ordinary course of our business, we occasionally experience disputes with our customers, generally regarding the interpretation of terms in our leases. Historically, we have resolved these disputes in a manner that did not have a material adverse effect on us or our relationships with our customers. However, it is possible that such disputes could lead to a termination of leases with those customers, a material adverse modification of the terms of those leases or a deterioration in our relationships with those customers that leads to a failure to obtain new business or maintain existing business with them, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. If we are forced to resolve any of these disputes through litigation or arbitration, our relationship with the applicable customer could be terminated or damaged, which could lead to decreased revenue or increased costs, resulting in a corresponding adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. For example, we are currently engaged in a legal dispute (the “Arbitration”) with one of our customers in Mexico, AT&T Comunicaciones Digitales, S. de R.L. de C.V. and related entities (collectively, “AT&T Mexico”). AT&T Mexico, which represented approximately $300 million of tenant revenue in 2025, is challenging the calculation of the monthly lease amount established under our Master Lease Agreement with AT&T Mexico (the “MLA”), as well as certain other provisions of the MLA, seeking rent abatement both retroactively and prospectively, and withheld certain tower rents during 2025. As previously discussed, on September 23, 2025, we and AT&T Mexico reached an agreement pursuant to which AT&T Mexico has remitted payment of the majority of the withheld tower rents and has resumed monthly payments of the majority of its owed tower rents. The remainder of the outstanding receivables and the future monthly unpaid tower rent amounts are being deposited into an irrevocable escrow account, overseen by an independent trustee, to be released in accordance with a final ruling in the Arbitration or by mutual consent of us and AT&T Mexico. We incurred approximately $30 million of reserves during the year ended December 31, 2025 related to this customer. We expect to record future reserves until the Arbitration is settled. Additionally, on September 24, 2025, one of our U.S. customers, DISH Wireless L.L.C., a subsidiary of DISH Network Corporation (“DISH”), delivered a notice purporting to be excused from its contractual obligations under our Strategic Collocation Agreement entered into in March 2021 (the “SCA”). DISH has failed to meet its payment obligations, and as of January 2026 is in default under the SCA. We filed a complaint seeking a declaratory judgment that DISH has not been excused from its obligations under the SCA, that the SCA remains in full force and effect, and that DISH remains required to perform all of its obligations under the SCA. This matter is still pending. The outcomes of these matters are uncertain, and there can be no assurance that our positions will be upheld. Adverse rulings in one or both of these disputes could have a material negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 10 Table of Contents A substantial portion of our current and projected future revenue is derived from a small number of customers, and we are sensitive to adverse changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our customers. A substantial portion of our total operating revenues is derived from a small number of customers. If any of these customers are unwilling or unable to perform their obligations under their agreements with us, our revenues, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, our growth projections are based on future revenue from a small number of customers, and such projections could be adversely impacted by adverse changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our customers. The following is a list of significant customers (representing at least 10% of revenue in any of the last three years) and the percentage of our total revenues for the specified time periods received from these customers: For the year ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 T-Mobile 18 % 19 % 19 % AT&T 17 % 18 % 18 % Verizon Wireless 14 % 13 % 14 % Telefónica 10 % 10 % 10 % One or more of our customers, or their parent companies, may experience financial difficulties, file for bankruptcy, reduce or terminate their operations or exit certain markets as a result of a prolonged economic downturn, economic difficulties (such as those from the imposition of taxes, fees (including the cost of, and access to, spectrum), regulations or judicial interpretations of regulations, and any associated penalties or interest, which may be substantial) or otherwise. Impacts on the economic environment, such as inflation or rising interest rates, could materially and adversely affect our customers through disruptions of, among other things, their ability to procure their equipment through their supply chains, their ability to procure power and fuel and their ability to maintain liquidity and deploy network capital, with potential decreases in consumer spending contributing to liquidity risks. Such financial difficulties could result in uncollectible accounts receivable and an impairment of our deferred rent asset, tower asset, network location intangible asset, tenant-related intangible asset or goodwill. The loss of significant customers, or the loss of all or a portion of our anticipated lease revenues from certain customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Due to the long-term nature of our customer leases, we depend on the continued financial strength of our customers. Many communications service providers operate with substantial levels of debt. In our international operations, many of our customers are subsidiaries of global telecommunications companies. These subsidiaries may not have the explicit or implied financial support of their parent entities. In addition, many of our customers and potential customers rely on capital raising activities to fund their operations and capital expenditures, which may be more difficult or expensive in the event of downturns in the economy or disruptions in the financial and credit markets, including those caused by factors such as inflation, currency devaluations and other foreign currency exchange rate volatility, higher interest rates and supply chain disruptions. If our customers or potential customers are unable to raise adequate capital to fund their business plans or face capital constraints, they may reduce their spending, file for bankruptcy, reduce or terminate their operations or exit certain markets, which could materially and adversely affect demand for our communications infrastructure and our services business. For example, during the second half of 2025, Echostar Corporation, parent company to DISH, announced agreements to sell a material amount of spectrum licenses, and subsequently began to abandon and decommission deployment of portions of its 5G VoNR and broadband network. DISH represented approximately 2% and 4% of our total annual property revenue and total annual U.S. & Canada property revenue, respectively, for 2025. Increasing competition within our industries may materially and adversely affect our revenue. Our industries are highly competitive and our customers have numerous alternatives in leasing communications infrastructure assets. Competition due to pricing or alternative contractual arrangements from peers could materially and adversely affect our lease rates. We may not be able to renew existing customer leases or enter into new customer leases, or if we are able to renew or enter into new leases, they may be at rates lower than our current rates or on less favorable terms than our current terms, resulting in an adverse impact on our results of operations and growth rate. During the year ended December 31, 2025, churn was approximately 2% of our tenant billings. An increase in our future churn rate resulting from non-renewal, or renegotiations at less favorable terms than our current rates, from one or more of our larger customers could materially and adversely impact our growth rate and revenue. 11 Table of Contents In addition, some of our data center competitors may have significant advantages over us, including greater name recognition, longer operating histories, lower operating costs, lower levels of leverage, pre-existing relationships with current or potential customers, greater financial, marketing and other resources, access to better networks and access to less expensive power. These advantages could allow our data center competitors to respond more quickly or effectively to strategic opportunities and, as a result, we may lose existing or potential data center customers, incur costs to improve our data centers or be forced to reduce our rental rates. These risks are compounded by the fact that a significant percentage of our data center customer leases expire every year. If our customers consolidate their operations, exit their businesses or share site infrastructure to a significant degree, our growth and revenue could be materially and adversely affected. Significant consolidation among our customers could reduce demand for our communications infrastructure and may materially and adversely affect our growth and revenues. Certain combined companies have rationalized duplicative parts of their networks or modernized their networks, and these and other customers could determine not to renew, or attempt to cancel, avoid or limit leases or related payments with us. Additionally, some of our international customers may use consolidation and/or restructuring to address financial or other competitive pressures, which could in turn result in the sale of wireless assets. In the event a customer terminates, consolidates or restructures its business, or separately sells its spectrum or wireless assets, we may experience increased churn as a result. Our ongoing contractual revenues and our future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. In addition, extensive sharing of site infrastructure through RAN sharing, roaming or resale arrangements among wireless service providers, including due to increases in advanced network technology such as 5G, as an alternative to leasing our communications sites, without compensation to us, may cause new lease activity to slow if carriers utilize shared equipment rather than deploy new equipment, or may result in the decommissioning of equipment on certain existing sites because portions of the customers’ networks may become redundant. Competition to build or purchase assets could adversely affect our ability to achieve our return on investment criteria. We may experience increased competition for contracts to build or acquire communications infrastructure assets, which could cause us to lose such contracts or make them significantly more costly. Some of our competitors are larger and may have greater financial resources than we do, while other competitors may apply less stringent investment criteria or less stringent contractual terms than we have. In addition, we may not anticipate or be able to address increased competition entering a particular market or competing for the build or acquisition of the same assets. Higher prices or less favorable terms for the construction or acquisition of assets or the failure to build or otherwise add new assets to our portfolio could make it more difficult to achieve our anticipated returns on investment or future growth, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. New technologies or changes, or lack thereof, in our or a customer’s business model could make our communications infrastructure leasing business less desirable and result in decreasing revenues and operating results. The development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks or changes in a customer’s business model could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services, decrease demand for tower space or reduce previously obtainable lease rates. In addition, if the industry trends toward deploying increased capital to the development and implementation of new technologies, then customers may allocate less of their budgets to leasing space on our towers. Examples of these technologies include more spectrally efficient technologies, which could relieve a portion of our customers’ network capacity needs and, as a result, could reduce the demand for tower-based antenna space. Additionally, certain small cell complementary network technologies or satellite services could shift a portion of our customers’ network investments away from traditional tower-based networks, which may reduce the need for carriers to add more equipment at certain communications sites. Moreover, the emergence of alternative technologies could reduce the need for tower-based broadcast services transmission and reception. Further, a customer may decide to cease outsourcing tower infrastructure or otherwise change its business model, which would result in a decrease in our revenue and operating results. Similarly, our data center site infrastructure may become antiquated or obsolete due to the development of new systems that deliver power to, or eliminate heat from, the servers and other customer equipment that we house or due to the development of new technology, such as AI, which is potentially more power-intensive, that requires levels of power and cooling density that our facilities may not be designed to provide. Our failure to innovate in response to the development and implementation of these or other new technologies or changes in a customer’s business model could have a material adverse effect on the growth of our business, results of operations or financial condition. Conversely, we may invest significant capital in technologies, platform expansion initiatives or new additions to our core 12 Table of Contents business that may not provide expected returns or profitability, which could divert management attention and have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Additionally, our customers may overestimate or overvalue the benefits and use of 5G networks and other new technology that are deployed onto our communications sites that, in turn, could adversely affect our customers' growth, thereby adversely affecting our growth. Divestitures may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We continually evaluate the performance, capital needs and strategic fit of all of our businesses and, as a result of such evaluation, may sell some or all of the equity interests in a particular business or components of a business. In recent years, we have divested our Mexico fiber and Poland businesses in 2023, our Australia, India and New Zealand businesses in 2024 and our South Africa fiber business in 2025. Divestitures involve risks, including difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel, requirements to obtain consents from third parties or potential legal claims or regulatory requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we may encounter related to the divestiture of a business. Any divestiture we undertake could materially and adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and may also result in a diversion of management’s attention, operational difficulties and losses. Divestitures and our evaluation of assets or businesses in connection with potential divestitures may result in asset impairment charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, or losses realized in connection with a transaction, which could have an impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Our use of joint ventures and strategic partnerships may expose us to risks associated with jointly owned investments. We currently operate parts of our business through joint ventures with third party partners that we believe will complement or augment our existing business. For example, we have joint ventures in our Europe property segment, Data Center property segment and Africa & APAC property segment. As we continue to engage in and sustain partnership opportunities, our partners may have business or economic goals that are inconsistent or conflict with ours, be in positions to take action contrary to our interests, policies or objectives, have competing interests in our, or other, markets that could create conflict of interest issues, withhold consents contrary to our requests or become unable or unwilling to fulfill their commitments, any of which could present challenges with multiple partners or expose us to additional liabilities or costs, including requiring us to assume and fulfill the obligations of that partnership or to execute buyouts of our partners’ interests. Additionally, we may not realize any of the anticipated benefits of our joint ventures. Such investments and any future strategic partnerships and/or joint ventures subject us and the companies we manage to risks and uncertainties not otherwise present with other methods of investment. Risks Related to Our Financial Performance or General Economic Conditions Our leverage, debt service obligations and repurchase activity may materially and adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives and may reduce funds available to satisfy our distribution requirements. We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $37.2 billion of consolidated debt and the ability to borrow additional aggregate amounts of approximately $9.6 billion under our $6.0 billion senior unsecured multicurrency revolving credit facility, as amended and restated in December 2021, as further amended (the “2021 Multicurrency Credit Facility”) and our $4.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility, as amended and restated in December 2021, as further amended (the “2021 Credit Facility”), net of approximately $36.8 million of outstanding undrawn letters of credit. Our leverage and debt service obligations could have significant negative consequences to our business, results of operations or financial condition, including: • requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the amount of our cash flow available for other purposes, including capital expenditures and REIT distributions; • impairing our ability to meet one or more of the financial ratio covenants contained in our debt agreements or to generate cash sufficient to pay interest or principal due under those agreements, which could result in an acceleration of some or all of our outstanding debt and the loss of the towers securing such debt, as applicable, if a default remains uncured; • limiting our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing, thereby placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage to less leveraged competitors and competitors that may have better access to capital resources, including with respect to acquiring or building assets; and • limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we compete. 13 Table of Contents We may need to raise additional capital through debt financing activities, asset sales or equity issuances, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable, to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives, required purchases of our partners’ interests and to satisfy our distribution requirements and debt service obligations and leverage requirements, including financial ratio covenants. An increase in our total leverage could lead to a downgrade of our credit rating below investment grade, which could negatively impact our ability to access credit markets or preclude us from obtaining funds on investment grade terms, rates and conditions or subject us to additional loan covenants, which could accelerate our debt repayment obligations. Further, certain of our current debt instruments limit the amount of indebtedness we and our subsidiaries may incur. Additional financing, therefore, may be unavailable, more expensive or restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness. Additionally, our Board has approved a share repurchase program allowing us to repurchase common stock through various methods, including open market purchases. The program does not require any specific amount or number of shares to be repurchased, and management will determine timing and volume based on market conditions and other factors. Repurchases could impact stock price, liquidity and cash reserves, potentially affecting future growth opportunities. While intended to enhance long-term shareholder value, there is no guarantee of success, and short-term price fluctuations could reduce the program’s effectiveness. Additionally, our share repurchase program could diminish our available cash, which may impact our ability to finance future growth and pursue possible future strategic opportunities and acquisitions. Increased inflation and interest rates may adversely affect us by increasing costs beyond what we can recover through price increases. The United States and other large global economies experienced historically high inflation in recent years. Future inflationary effects may be driven by, among other things, supply chain disruptions, changes in trade or tariff policies, governmental stimulus or fiscal policies, as well as ongoing global military conflicts. Inflation can materially and adversely affect us by increasing the costs of land, materials, labor and other costs required to manage and grow our business. In addition, should inflation rates exceed our fixed escalator percentages in markets where our leases include fixed escalators, our returns could be adversely affected. In an inflationary environment, depending on the terms of our contracts and other economic conditions, we may be unable to raise prices enough to keep up with the rate of inflation or our customers may be unwilling to pay contractual increases or demand discounts upon renewal, which would reduce our profit margins and returns. If we are unable to increase our prices to offset the effects of inflation, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Inflation has also contributed to foreign currency exchange rate volatility, including in several of the markets where we operate. Inflation impacts could also create foreign exchange rate instability in our international markets, including in markets such as Africa and Latin America, that could, in turn, depress the value of that market’s currency, thereby adversely impacting our business, results of operations, financial condition or the underlying value of foreign subsidiaries. In addition, inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates. The combination of higher interest rates and high inflation could lead to an extended economic downturn, which could reduce our ability to incur debt or access capital and impact our results of operations and financial condition even after these conditions improve. Additionally, higher inflation or higher costs of capital could also impact the risk premiums or market returns on our assets. Changes in costs of capital could adversely impact the underlying value of our assets, which could in turn result in impairment charges. Further, market volatility and disruption caused by factors such as inflation and fluctuating interest rates may impact our ability to raise additional capital through debt and equity financing activities or our ability to repay or refinance maturing liabilities, or impact the terms of any new obligations, which in turn may have an adverse impact on our credit ratings. Federal fund rates have been elevated for several years and, although there were several rate cuts in recent years, rates could remain at current levels for an extended period of time. An increase in rates can have a corresponding impact to our costs of borrowing and may have an adverse impact on our ability to raise funds through the offering of our securities or through the issuance of debt due to higher debt capital costs, diminished credit availability or less favorable equity markets. The extent to which these factors will impact our business and financial results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. Restrictive covenants in the agreements related to our securitization transaction, our credit facilities and our debt securities could materially and adversely affect our business by limiting flexibility, and we may be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock, which may jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a REIT. The agreements related to our Trust Securitization (as defined below) include operating covenants and other restrictions customary for loans subject to rated securitizations. Among other things, the borrowers under the agreements are prohibited from incurring other indebtedness for borrowed money or further encumbering their assets. A failure to comply with the covenants in the agreements could prevent the borrowers from taking certain actions with respect to the secured assets and could prevent the borrowers from distributing any excess cash from the operation of such assets to us. If the borrowers were to 14 Table of Contents default on any of the loans, the servicer on such loan could seek to foreclose upon or otherwise convert the ownership of the secured assets, in which case we could lose such assets and the cash flow associated with such assets. The agreements for our credit facilities also contain restrictive covenants and leverage and other financial maintenance tests that could limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, guaranteeing indebtedness or making distributions to stockholders, including our required REIT distributions, and engaging in various types of transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and sales of assets. Additionally, our credit facilities restrict our and our subsidiaries’ ability to incur liens securing our or their indebtedness. These covenants could have an adverse effect on our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing new tower or other communications infrastructure development, mergers and acquisitions or other opportunities. Our credit agreements also contain cross-default and/or cross-acceleration provisions, which may be triggered if we default on certain indebtedness in excess of certain thresholds. In the event of such a default, the resulting cross-defaults or cross-accelerations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Further, reporting and information covenants in our credit agreements and indentures require that we provide financial and operating information within certain time periods. If we are unable to provide the required information on a timely basis, we would be in breach of these covenants. For more information regarding the covenants and requirements discussed above, please see Item 7 of this Annual Report under the caption “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Factors Affecting Sources of Liquidity” and note 8 to our consolidated financial statements incl

=== AMT_2025-10-28.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS There were no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A of the 2024 Form 10-K. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION (c) Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies None . 60 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Incorporated By Reference Exhibit No. Description of Document Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit No. 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, effective as of December 31, 2011 8-K 001-14195 January 3, 2012 3.1 3.2 Certificate of Merger, effective as of December 31, 2011 8-K 001-14195 January 3, 2012 3.2 3.3 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company, effective as of January 3, 2025 8-K 001-14195 January 7, 2025 3.1 4.1 Indenture dated as of June 2, 2025, by and between American Tower Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee S-3ASR 333-287714 June 2, 2025 4.34 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed herewith as Exhibit 31.1 — — — 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed herewith as Exhibit 31.2 — — — 32 Certifications filed pursuant to 18. U.S.C. Section 1350 Filed herewith as Exhibit 32 — — — 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document — — — 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Filed herewith as Exhibit 101 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) — — — — 61 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. A MERICAN T OWER C ORPORATION Date: October 28, 2025 By: /S/ RODNEY M. SMITH Rodney M. Smith Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 62 