=== AMT_2026-02-24.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Annual Report under the caption Risk Factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by our forward-looking statements. We have no duty, and do not intend, to update or revise the forward-looking statements we make in this Annual Report, except as may be required by law. In light of these risks and uncertainties, you should keep in mind that the future events or circumstances described in any forward-looking statement we make in this Annual Report or elsewhere might not occur. References in this Annual Report to we, our and the Company refer to American Tower Corporation and its predecessor, as applicable, individually and collectively with its subsidiaries as the context requires. iii Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview We are one of the largest global real estate investment trusts and a leading independent owner, operator and developer of multitenant communications real estate. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to wireless service providers, radio and television broadcast companies, wireless data providers, government agencies and municipalities and tenants in a number of other industries. We refer to this business, inclusive of our data center business discussed below, as our property operations, which accounted for 97% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025. We also offer tower-related services in the United States, which we refer to as our services operations. These services include site application, zoning and permitting, structural and mount analyses, and construction management services, together with program management offerings that support customer deployment needs from project scoping through construction. Our services operations primarily support our site leasing business, including the addition of new tenants and equipment on our sites. Our customers include our tenants, licensees and other payers. Since inception, we have grown our communications real estate portfolio through acquisitions, long-term lease arrangements and site development. Our portfolio primarily consists of towers that we own and towers that we operate pursuant to long-term lease arrangements, as well as distributed antenna system ( DAS ) networks, which provide seamless coverage solutions in certain in-building and outdoor wireless environments. In addition to the communications sites in our portfolio, we manage rooftop and tower sites for property owners under various contractual arrangements. We also hold other telecommunications infrastructure, fiber and property interests that we lease primarily to communications service providers and third-party tower operators, and, as discussed further below, we hold a portfolio of highly interconnected data center facilities and related assets in the United States that we provide for the leasing of space primarily to enterprises, network operators, cloud providers and supporting service providers. As of December 31, 2025, our communications real estate portfolio of 149,686 communications sites included 42,224 communications sites in the U.S. Canada, 27,857 communications sites in Africa APAC (as defined below), 32,524 communications sites in Europe and 47,081 communications sites in Latin America, as well as (i) urban telecommunications assets in Argentina, Brazil, Colombia and Spain, (ii) other property interests in Canada and the United States and (iii) 30 operating data center facilities across eleven markets in the United States. We operate as a real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes ( REIT ). Accordingly, we generally are not required to pay U.S. federal income taxes on income generated by our REIT operations, including the income derived from leasing space on our towers and in our data centers, as we receive a dividends paid deduction for distributions to stockholders that offsets our REIT taxable income and gains. However, we remain obligated to pay U.S. federal income taxes on earnings from our domestic taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRSs ). In addition, our international assets and operations, regardless of their classification for U.S. tax purposes, continue to be subject to taxation in the jurisdictions where those assets are held or those operations are conducted. The use of TRSs enables us to continue to engage in certain businesses and jurisdictions while complying with REIT qualification requirements. We may, from time to time, change the election of previously designated TRSs to be included as part of the REIT. As of December 31, 2025, our REIT-qualified businesses included our U.S. tower leasing business, a majority of our U.S. DAS networks business, our Services and Data Centers segments, as well as most of our operations in Canada, Costa Rica, France, Germany, Ghana, Kenya, Mexico, Nigeria, South Africa, Spain and Uganda. We report our results in six segments: U.S. Canada property (which includes all assets in the United States and Canada, other than our data center facilities and related assets), Africa Asia-Pacific ( APAC ) property, Europe property, Latin America property, Data Centers and Services. 1 Table of Contents Products and Services Property Operations Our property operations accounted for 97%, 98% and 99% of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our revenue is primarily generated from tenant leases. Within our tower leasing operations, our tenants lease space on our communications real estate, where they install and maintain their equipment. Rental payments vary considerably depending upon numerous factors, including, but not limited to, amount, type and position of tenant equipment on the tower, remaining tower capacity and tower location. Our costs typically include ground rent (which is primarily fixed under long-term lease agreements with annual cost escalations) and power and fuel costs, some or all of which may be passed through to our tenants, as well as property taxes and repair and maintenance expenses. Our property operations have generated consistent growth in revenue and typically have low cash flow volatility due to the following characteristics: Long-term tenant leases with contractual rent escalations. In general, our tenant leases for our communications sites with wireless carriers have initial non-cancellable terms of five to ten years with multiple renewal terms, with provisions that periodically increase the rent due under the lease, typically annually, based on a fixed escalation percentage (averaging approximately 3% in the United States) or an inflationary index in most of our international markets, or a combination of both. Based upon foreign currency exchange rates and the tenant leases in place as of December 31, 2025, we expect to generate over $54 billion of non-cancellable tenant lease revenue over future periods, before the impact of straight-line lease accounting. Consistent demand for our sites. As a result of rapidly growing usage of mobile data and other wireless services and the corresponding wireless industry capital spending trends in the markets we serve, we anticipate consistent demand for our communications sites. We believe that our global asset base positions us well to benefit from the increasing proliferation of advanced wireless devices and the increasing usage of high bandwidth applications on those devices. We have the ability to add new tenants and new equipment for existing tenants on our sites, which typically results in incremental revenue and modest incremental costs. Our site portfolio and our established tenant base provide us with a solid platform for new business opportunities, which has historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth. High lease renewal rates. Our tenants tend to renew leases because suitable alternative sites may not exist or be available and repositioning a site in their network may be expensive and may adversely affect network quality. We define churn as tenant billings lost when a tenant cancels or does not renew its lease or, in limited circumstances, when the lease rates on existing leases are reduced. We derive our churn rate for a given year by dividing our tenant billings lost on this basis by our prior-year tenant billings. During the year ended December 31, 2025, churn was approximately 2% of our tenant billings, primarily driven by churn in our U.S. Canada property segment. High operating margins. Incremental operating costs associated with adding new tenants or equipment to an existing communications site are typically relatively minimal. Therefore, as tenants or equipment are added, the substantial majority of incremental revenue flows through to gross margin and operating profit. In addition, in many of our international markets, certain expenses, such as ground rent or power and fuel costs, are reimbursed or shared by our tenant base. Low maintenance capital expenditures. On average, we require relatively low amounts of annual capital expenditures to maintain our communications sites. Our property business includes the operation of communications sites and managed networks, the leasing of property interests and, in select markets, the operation of fiber, the operation of data centers and the provision of backup power through shared generators and power solutions. Our presence in a number of markets at different relative stages of wireless development provides us with significant diversification and long-term growth potential. Our property segments accounted for the following percentage of consolidated total revenue for the years ended December 31,: 2025 2024 2023 U.S. Canada 49 % 52 % 53 % Africa APAC (1) 13 % 12 % 12 % Europe 9 % 8 % 8 % Latin America 15 % 17 % 18 % Data Centers 10 % 9 % 8 % _______________ (1) For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, excludes the operating results of our subsidiaries, ATC Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. and ATC Telecom Infrastructure Private Limited ( ATC TIPL ), which are reported as discontinued operations. See note 21 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report ( Note 21 ) for further discussion. 2 Table of Contents Communications Sites. Approximately 82%, 87% and 88% of revenue in our property segments was attributable to our communications sites, excluding data center facilities and related assets, DAS networks and fiber, for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We lease space on our communications sites to tenants providing a diverse range of communications services, including cellular voice and data, broadcasting, mobile video and a number of other applications. In addition, in many of our international markets, we receive pass-through revenue from our tenants to cover certain costs, including power and fuel costs and ground rent. Our top tenants by revenue for each property segment are as follows for the year ended December 31, 2025: U.S. Canada: AT T Inc. ( AT T ); T-Mobile US, Inc. ( T-Mobile ); and Verizon Communications Inc. ( Verizon Wireless ) accounted for an aggregate of 85% of U.S. Canada property segment revenue. Africa APAC: Bharti Airtel Limited ( Airtel ); and MTN Group Limited ( MTN ) accounted for an aggregate of 81% of Africa APAC property segment revenue. Europe: Telef nica S.A. ( Telef nica ) accounted for an aggregate of 70% of Europe property segment revenue. Latin America: Am rica M vil; AT T; Telef nica; and TIM S.p.A. accounted for an aggregate of 71% of Latin America property segment revenue. Accordingly, we are subject to certain risks, as set forth in Item 1A of this Annual Report under the caption Risk Factors A substantial portion of our current and projected future revenue is derived from a small number of customers, and we are sensitive to adverse changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our customers. In addition, we are subject to risks related to our international operations, as set forth under the caption Risk Factors Our foreign operations are subject to economic, political and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position, including risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Data Centers and Related Assets, Managed Networks, Other Telecommunications Assets, Property Interests and Shared Generators and Power Solutions. In addition to our communications sites, we also own and operate several types of managed network solutions, provide communications site management services to third parties, manage and lease property interests under carrier or other third-party communications sites, operate data center facilities and related assets, operate other telecommunications assets and provide back-up power sources and power solutions to tenants at our sites. The balance of our property segment revenue not attributable to our communications sites was attributable to these items. Data Centers and Related Assets. We own and operate data center facilities and related assets in the United States, which consist of specialized and secure buildings that house networking, storage and communications technology infrastructure, including servers, storage devices, switches, routers and fiber optic transmission equipment. These buildings are designed to provide the power, cooling and network connectivity necessary to efficiently operate this equipment. Data centers located at points where many communications networks converge can also function as interconnection hubs where customers are able to connect to multiple networks, cloud companies and other service providers to exchange traffic and interoperate with each other. Managed Networks. We own and operate DAS networks in the United States and certain international markets. We obtain rights from property owners to install and operate in-building DAS networks, and we grant rights to wireless service providers to attach their equipment to our installations. We also offer a small portfolio of outdoor DAS networks as a complementary shared infrastructure solution for our tenants in the United States and in certain international markets. Typically, we have designed, built and operated our outdoor DAS networks in areas in which zoning restrictions or other barriers may prevent or delay deployment of more traditional wireless communications sites, such as macro tower sites. We also hold lease rights and easement interests on rooftops capable of hosting communications equipment in locations where towers are generally not a viable solution based on area characteristics. In addition, we provide management services to property owners in the United States who elect to retain full rights to their property while simultaneously marketing the rooftop for wireless communications equipment installation. As the demand for advanced wireless services in urban markets evolves, we continue to evaluate a variety of infrastructure solutions, including small cells and other network architectures that may support our tenants networks in these areas. Other Telecommunications Assets. We own and operate other telecommunications assets, including fiber and related assets, in certain international markets. We currently provide the right to use such fiber and related assets to communications and internet service providers and third-party operators to support their telecommunications infrastructure. Property Interests . We own portfolios of property interests in Canada and the United States, including land under carrier or other third-party communications sites, which provide recurring cash flow under complementary leasing arrangements. Shared Generators and Power Solutions . We have contracts with certain of our tower tenants pursuant to which we provide access to shared backup power generators in the United States. In Africa, we also have contracts to power our 3 Table of Contents tower tenants equipment through the use of shared infrastructure assets, primarily consisting of generators, solar panels and electricity storage solutions. Services Operations We offer tower-related services in the United States, including site application, zoning and permitting, structural and mount analyses, and construction management services, together with program management offerings that support customer deployment needs from project scoping through construction. Our services operations primarily support our site leasing business, including through the addition of new tenants and equipment on our sites. This segment accounted for 3%, 2% and 1% of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Site Application, Zoning and Permitting . We engage in site application services on our own behalf in connection with our tower development projects, as well as on behalf of our tenants. We typically work with our tenants engineers to determine the geographic areas where new communications sites will best address the tenants needs and meet their coverage objectives. Once a new site is identified, we acquire the rights to the land or structure on which the site will be constructed, and we manage the permitting process to ensure all necessary approvals are obtained to construct and operate the communications site. Structural and Mount Analyses. We offer structural and mount analyses services to wireless carriers in connection with the installation of their communications equipment on our towers. Our team of engineers can evaluate whether a tower structure can support the additional burden of the new equipment or if an upgrade is needed, and whether the proposed mount configurations will be capable of supporting the required loads in accordance with applicable standards. This enables our tenants to better assess potential sites before making an installation decision. Our structural and mount analyses capabilities enable us to provide higher quality service to our existing tenants by, among other things, reducing the time required to achieve on-air readiness, while also providing opportunities to offer structural and mount analyses services to third parties. Construction Management. We offer construction management services to wireless carriers in connection with the deployment of their networks on our tower sites. Our construction management team oversees construction activities such as contractor sourcing, contractor selection and management, materials management, on-site quality control and closeout documentation for new installations or modifications. Our construction management capabilities enable us to provide efficient deployment to the carriers while ensuring that the construction work meets our quality control standards. Strategy Operational Strategy As wireless communications technologies advance and the use of wireless services on handsets, tablets and other advanced mobile devices grows, there is a corresponding increase in demand for the communications infrastructure required to facilitate ever growing network demand. To capture this demand, our primary operational focus is to (i) increase the occupancy of our existing communications real estate portfolio to support global connectivity, (ii) invest in, and selectively grow, our communications real estate portfolio and service offerings, including through platform expansion initiatives, (iii) further improve our operational performance and efficiency and (iv) maintain a strong balance sheet. We believe these efforts to meet our customers needs will support and enhance our ability to capitalize on the growth in demand for wireless infrastructure. In addition, we expect to explore new opportunities to enhance or extend our shared communications infrastructure businesses, including those that may make our assets incrementally more attractive to new customers, or to existing customers for new uses, and those that increase our operational efficiency. Increase the occupancy of our existing communications real estate portfolio to support global connectivity. We believe that our highest incremental returns will be achieved by leasing additional space on our existing communications sites. Increasing demand for wireless services in our served markets has resulted in significant capital spending by major wireless carriers and other connectivity providers. As a result, we anticipate growing demand for our communications sites because they are attractively located and typically have capacity available for additional tenants and equipment. In the United States, incremental carrier network activity is being driven by ongoing 5G network deployments. In our international markets, carriers are increasingly deploying more advanced network technologies such as 4G and, in the case of our international markets with more mature network technology, 5G, while continuing to selectively augment legacy networks. We believe that the majority of our towers have capacity for additional tenants and that substantially all of our towers that are currently at or near full structural capacity can be upgraded or augmented to meet future tenant demand with relatively modest capital investment. Therefore, we will continue to target our sales and marketing activities to increase the utilization and return on investment of our existing communications sites. Invest in and selectively grow our communications real estate portfolio to meet our customers needs. We seek opportunities to invest in and grow our operations through our capital expenditure program, acquisitions and platform expansion initiatives. A significant portion of our inorganic growth has been focused on properties with lower initial 4 Table of Contents tenancy because we believe that over time we can significantly increase tenancy levels, and therefore, drive strong returns on those assets. More recently, we have invested in strategic data center assets, including through our acquisition of CoreSite Realty Corporation ( CoreSite ) in late 2021 (the CoreSite Acquisition ), which we believe can drive strong, recurring growth and also meaningfully enhance the value of our existing communications tower real estate through emerging edge compute opportunities in the future. We also expect to explore additional ways to use our platform expansion initiatives to enhance the efficiency of our operations over time. Further improve our operational performance and efficiency. We continue to seek opportunities to improve our operational performance throughout the organization. This includes investing in our systems and people as we strive to improve efficiency and provide superior service to our customers. To achieve this, we intend to continue to focus on customer service initiatives, such as reducing cycle times for key functions, including lease processing and tower structural analysis. We are also focused on developing and implementing power solutions across our footprint to help improve the overall efficiency of the communications infrastructure and wireless industries through our power as a service (PaaS) initiatives. Maintain a strong balance sheet. We remain committed to disciplined financial policies, which we believe result in our ability to maintain a strong balance sheet and will support our overall strategy and focus on asset growth and operational excellence. As a result of these policies, we currently have investment grade credit ratings. We continue to focus on maintaining a robust liquidity position and, as of December 31, 2025, had $11.1 billion of available liquidity. We believe that our investment grade credit ratings provide us consistent access to the capital markets and our liquidity provides us the ability to continue to invest in growing and augmenting our business. Capital Allocation Strategy The objective of our capital allocation strategy is to simultaneously increase adjusted funds from operations per share and our return on invested capital over the long term. To maintain our qualification for taxation as a REIT, we are required annually to distribute an amount equal to at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (determined before the deduction for distributed earnings and excluding any net capital gain) to our stockholders. After complying with our REIT distribution requirements, we plan to continue to allocate our available capital among investment alternatives that meet or exceed our return on investment criteria, while taking into account the repayment of debt consistent with our financial policies. On an ongoing basis, we also perform a comprehensive assessment of our global operations to ensure our portfolio is positioned to drive sustained growth and achieve our risk-adjusted return objectives. This assessment can influence our decisions on future capital allocation priorities between certain countries and assets, and may result in our decision to prioritize investments into developed markets, including the U.S. Canada, Europe and the data centers markets. Conversely, this assessment can influence our decision to divest a portion, or all, of certain assets, including our Mexico fiber and Poland businesses in 2023, our Australia, India and New Zealand businesses in 2024 and our South Africa fiber business in 2025, and repurpose proceeds, and potential future capital, to other capital priorities, including investments into developed markets. Capital expenditure program. We expect to continue to invest in and expand our existing communications real estate portfolio through our capital expenditure program. This includes capital expenditures associated with site maintenance, increasing the capacity of our existing sites and projects such as new site and data center facility construction, land interest acquisitions and power solutions. Acquisitions. We intend to continue to pursue acquisitions of communications sites and other telecommunications infrastructure in our existing or new markets where we can meet or exceed our risk-adjusted return on investment criteria. The risk-adjusted hurdle rates used to evaluate acquisition opportunities consider additional factors such as the country and counterparties involved, investment and economic climate, legal and regulatory conditions and industry risk, among others. Return excess capital to stockholders . If we have excess capital available after funding (i) our required distributions, (ii) capital expenditures, (iii) the repayment of debt consistent with our financial policies and (iv) anticipated future investments, including acquisition and select platform expansion opportunities, we will seek to return such excess capital to stockholders, including through our stock repurchase programs. International Strategy Our international strategy incorporates portfolio analysis, capital prioritization and the disciplined management of overseas cash, including repatriation where feasible. We believe that, in certain international markets, we can create value by expanding our existing, communications real estate leasing business, and leveraging our shared global experience, capabilities and services, to deliver a best-in-class offering for our customers and attractive risk-adjusted return for our shareholders. We strive to maintain a diversified approach to our 5 Table of Contents international strategy by operating in a geographically diverse array of markets in a variety of stages of wireless network development. Specifically as part of our ongoing portfolio analysis, we conduct an extensive review of a particular country s historical and projected macroeconomic fundamentals, including inflation and foreign currency exchange rate trends, demographics, capital markets, tax regime and investment alternatives, and the general business, political and legal environments, including property rights and regulatory regime. We also analyze (i) the competitiveness of the country s wireless market and (ii) how a particular market fits within our long-term strategic objectives. Regulatory Matters Towers, Antennas and Fiber. Our U.S. and international tower leasing businesses are subject to national, state and local regulatory requirements with respect to the registration, siting, construction, lighting, marking and maintenance of our towers. In the United States, the construction of new towers or modifications to existing towers may require pre-approval by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) and the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ), depending on factors such as tower height and proximity to public airfields. Towers requiring pre-approval must be registered with the FCC and maintained in accordance with FAA standards. Similar requirements regarding pre-approval of the construction and modification of towers are imposed by regulators in other countries. Non-compliance with applicable tower-related requirements may lead to monetary penalties or site deconstruction orders. Certain of our international operations are subject to regulatory requirements with respect to licensing, registration and permitting. In Africa APAC, our subsidiaries in Burkina Faso, Ghana, Kenya, Niger, Nigeria and Uganda are required to hold a license in order to establish and maintain passive telecommunications infrastructure services and DAS networks for communications service providers. Our subsidiaries in the Philippines and Bangladesh are required to hold a registration or license in order to establish, manage and operate passive telecommunications infrastructure services. In Latin America, our subsidiary in Chile holds a concession of intermediate telecommunications services and our subsidiary in Argentina holds an information and communications technology service license. In Peru, our subsidiaries are registered as infrastructure providers. The subsidiary that holds our fiber business in Brazil is also licensed and regulated as an authorization holder to provide telecommunications services. In certain of the markets in which we operate, we are required to provide tower space to service providers on a non-discriminatory basis, subject to the negotiation of mutually agreeable terms. Additionally, one of our Brazilian subsidiaries, American Tower do Brasil Cessao de Infraestruturas S.A. ( ATC Brazil ) issued non-convertible debentures in 2023 and in 2025, which are listed on the Brazilian stock exchange. Although the non-convertible debentures are held by another subsidiary of ours and are eliminated in consolidation, ATC Brazil is still subject to the listing requirements of such exchange. Our international business operations may be subject to increased licensing fees or ownership restrictions. For example, in South Africa, the Broad-Based Black Economic Empowerment Act, 2003 (the BBBEE Act ) has established a legislative framework for the promotion of economic empowerment of South African citizens disadvantaged by Apartheid. Accordingly, the BBBEE Act and related codes measure BBBEE Act compliance and good corporate practice by the inclusion of certain ownership, management control, employment equity and other metrics for companies that do business there. Our foreign operations may be affected if a country s regulatory authority restricts, revokes or modifies spectrum licenses of certain wireless service providers or implements modifications or limitations on foreign ownership. In all countries where we operate, we are subject to zoning restrictions and restrictive covenants imposed by local authorities or community organizations. While these regulations vary, they typically require tower owners or tenants to obtain approval from local authorities, environmental bodies or community standards organizations prior to tower construction or the addition of a new antenna to an existing tower. Local zoning authorities and community residents periodically oppose construction in their communities, which can delay or prevent new tower construction, new antenna installation or site upgrade projects, thereby limiting our ability to respond to tenant demand. This opposition and existing or new zoning, environmental or aviation regulations can increase costs associated with new tower construction, tower modifications or additions of new antennas to a site or site upgrades, as well as adversely affect the associated timing or cost of such projects. Further, additional regulations may be adopted that cause delays or result in additional costs to us or changes in the competitive landscape that may negatively affect our business. In addition, certain municipalities have sought to impose permit fees based upon structural or operational requirements of towers and certain regional and other governmental bodies have sought to impose levies or other forms of fees. These factors could materially and adversely affect our operations. In the United States, the Telecommunications Act of 1996 prohibits any action by state and local authorities that would discriminate between different providers of wireless services or ban altogether the construction, modification or placement of communications sites. It also prohibits state or local restrictions 6 Table of Contents based on the environmental effects of radio frequency emissions to the extent the facilities comply with FCC regulations. Further, in February 2012, the United States government adopted regulations requiring that local and state governments approve modifications or colocations that qualify as eligible facilities under the regulations. Portions of our business are subject to additional regulations, for example, in a number of states throughout the United States, certain of our subsidiaries hold Competitive Local Exchange Carrier (CLEC) or other status, in connection with the operation of our outdoor DAS networks business. In addition, we, or our customers, may be subject to new regulatory policies in certain jurisdictions from time to time that may materially and adversely affect our business or the demand for our communications sites. Data Centers. Our U.S. data center facilities and related assets are subject to various federal, state and local regulations, such as state and local fire and life safety regulations and Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ) federal requirements. If one of our properties is not in compliance with these regulations, we may be required to make significant unanticipated expenditures in order to comply with such regulations and/or pay fines or civil damage awards. Existing regulations may subsequently change or future regulations may be enacted, either of which could have a similar impact as described above, and could materially and adversely affect our operations. In some markets, our data centers are subject to zoning restrictions imposed by local authorities. While these regulations vary, they may require data center operators to obtain approval from local authorities or environmental bodies prior to data center construction or modification of an existing facility. Local authorities and community residents periodically oppose construction in their communities, which can delay or prevent new data center construction, thereby limiting our ability to respond to tenant demand. This opposition and existing or new zoning or environmental regulations can increase costs associated with new data center construction or modifications to existing facilities, as well as adversely affect the associated timing or cost of such projects. Environmental Matters. Our U.S. and international operations are subject to various national, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to the management, use, storage, disposal, emission and remediation of, and exposure to, hazardous and non-hazardous substances, materials and wastes, the siting of our towers and the maintenance of our data center facilities. We may be required to obtain permits, pay additional property taxes, comply with regulatory requirements and make certain informational filings related to hazardous substances or devices used to provide power such as batteries, generators and fuel at our tower sites and/or data center facilities. When a site is decommissioned, we are required to follow applicable regulatory requirements, including by following decommissioning procedures and environmental management plans. With respect to our data center facilities, the presence of contamination, asbestos, lead or lead-based paint, mold or other air quality issues or the failure to remediate contamination, asbestos, lead or lead-based paint, mold or other air quality issues at our facilities may expose us to third-party liability or materially and adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or develop the real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. Violations of these types of regulations could subject us to fines or criminal sanctions. Additionally, in the United States and in other countries where we operate, before constructing a new tower or adding an antenna to an existing site, we must review and evaluate the impact of the action to determine whether it may significantly affect the environment and whether we must disclose any significant impacts in an environmental assessment. If a tower or new antenna might have a material adverse impact on the environment, FCC or other governmental approval of the tower or antenna could be significantly delayed or modifications to the site construction plans may be necessary. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, some of the states and localities in which we operate and the governments of other countries in which we operate have also enacted or proposed certain climate-related disclosures and may adopt new regulations related to the use of fossil fuels or requiring the use of alternative fuel or renewable energy sources to power energy resources that serve our data centers. Efforts to support and enhance renewable electricity generation may increase our costs of electricity above those that would be incurred through procurement of conventionally generated electricity. Our data centers require and consume significant amounts of power, including electricity generated by the burning of fossil fuels. These laws, regulations and stakeholder requests could limit our ability to develop new facilities or result in substantial compliance, maintenance, repair, retrofit and construction costs, including capital expenditures for environmental control facilities and other new equipment. Changes in regulations that affect electric power providers, such as regulations related to the control of greenhouse gas emissions or other climate change-related matters, could adversely affect the costs of electric power and increase our operating costs, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations or those of our customers. See Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report for more information on our data center-related risks. Health and Safety. In the United States and in other countries where we operate, we are subject to various national, state and local laws regarding employee health and safety, including protection from radio frequency exposure and air quality issues. 7 Table of Contents Competition Our industry is highly competitive. There are frequently new market participants that create additional competition. We compete, both for new business and for the acquisition of assets, with other public tower companies, such as Crown Castle International Corp., SBA Communications Corporation, Vertical Bridge, Telesites S.A.B. de C.V. and Cellnex Telecom, S.A., wireless carrier tower consortia and private tower companies, private equity sponsored firms, carrier-affiliated tower companies, independent wireless carriers, tower owners, broadcasters and owners of non-communications sites, including rooftops, utility towers, water towers and other alternative structures. Our data center business also competes with a variety of companies offering similar data center solutions and services, including space, power, interconnection and development services. We believe that location and capacity, grid distribution constraints, network and/or interconnection density, price, quality and speed of service have been, and will continue to be, significant competitive factors affecting owners, operators and managers of communications sites and data center facilities. Our services business competes with a variety of companies offering individual, or combinations of, competing services. The field of competitors includes site application consultants, zoning consultants, real estate firms, right-of-way consultants, structural engineering firms, construction management firms, tower owners/managers, telecommunications equipment vendors who can provide turnkey site development services through multiple subcontractors and our tenants personnel. We believe that our tenants base their decisions for services on various criteria, including a company s experience, local reputation, price and time for completion of a project. For more information on demand trends in our industry, see Item 7 of this Annual Report under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Executive Overview. Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2025, we employed 4,866 full-time individuals, including 2,388 employees based in the United States and 2,478 employees based internationally. Our teams in our more than 20 countries around the world are our most important assets and fundamental to our success. Aligned with our business strategy, our human capital management strategy focuses on developing and delivering solutions to attract, develop, engage and retain top talent in each of the countries where we operate. Our Chief Human Resources Officer regularly reports to the Compensation and Human Capital Committee of our Board of Directors (our Board ) on our initiatives related to human capital management. A critical factor in our success is ensuring that an inclusive and collaborative workplace remains at the core of our business culture, infusing fresh ideas, helping us remain connected to our customers in a dynamic global market and ensuring mutual respect guides us in our interactions both internally and externally. Additionally, we have implemented several initiatives designed to support our inclusion efforts, including pledges from the American Tower Foundation. We also enable global employee resource groups to promote better employee engagement, which are open to all employees with the goal of enhancing professional development, connection and collaboration for everyone. As a critical investment in our capacity to provide our customers with outstanding support and customer service, we offer a variety of development opportunities unique to each market to cultivate our talent throughout our global organization. For individual contributors, we provide resources in up to five languages that focus on job-specific training and general topics, such as productivity, collaboration and project management. We create and customize courses to meet regional needs and update these courses regularly to address changing marketplace dynamics and employee interests. Developing our managers is critical to our success, and several resources and tools are provided to all levels of management. For example, our Management Essentials program provides continuous learning opportunities through training led by American Tower leaders globally. Managers learn tools and best practices that enable both management and team success, and that build and strengthen competencies to better respond to the needs of a growing and increasingly complex organization. Furthermore, our Gateway to Leadership program builds further on the skills and competencies we deliver through Management Essentials by providing additional leadership training for managers in Europe, Africa and Latin America. Our annual Accelerated Leadership Development program, in collaboration with the INSEAD executive education program, provides our next generation leaders in Latin America, Europe, the U.S. and Africa, with a seven-week intensive workshop to enhance management and leadership skills. For our employees with high potential, we offer several professional development opportunities designed to support these employees through a career path journey to become inclusive leaders. These are all supported by a comprehensive talent-management review process to develop future leaders and ensure effective succession planning. Additionally, our virtual corporate university, ATC YOU, provides our employees with a range of global learning resources for professional development and career growth. Our recruiting efforts consistently include strategies to build qualified candidate pipelines with varied skills and backgrounds and promote a culture that supports a diverse team of global employees. We have developed education initiatives and increased access to professional development opportunities for employees, including an enhanced focus on mentoring opportunities. 8 Table of Contents Our Compensation and Human Capital Committee also approved a shared human capital management goal for the entire executive team for 2025, which focuses on developing talent. We are committed to the safety of our employees and surrounding communities. Depending on the role, team members are required to pass and complete regular safety training courses and follow specific tower and site safety protocols with the support of operational manuals. A key component of our culture is a strong commitment to incident reporting and corrective actions, as well as a comprehensive program for ensuring vendor compliance with safety standards and certifications. Our strict adherence to the rigorous standards set forth by the relevant government agencies and other authorities, such as the Telecommunications Infrastructure Registered Apprenticeship Program and Telecommunications Industry Association, is critical to ensuring our towers are structurally safe for field personnel, vendors, customers and communities. We have several employee security protocols and standards in place to better protect our people and assets worldwide. These include global standards for the security of international travelers and personnel ground movements. We also operate a traveler assistance program that allows us to better monitor international travel and provide employees with relevant trip advice and 24/7 assistance services. A related journey risk management program provides support for trips in complex threat environments, and includes hostile environment awareness training, real-time tracking of personnel and 24/7 support. Furthermore, as part of our efforts to globalize our operations, we created a new global Health Safety ( H S ) function tasked with strengthening our H S policies and culture, ensuring compliance with global and local regulations and fostering a proactive safety-first mindset across all organizational levels. We offer medical and parental leave benefits to full-time employees across all markets, with some local variation. We conduct wellness check-ins and offer resources to support our employees mental health and well-being, including access to a free Employee Assistance Program, which offers confidential assistance on a wide range of issues. We also offer market competitive benefits in all locations and, in 2025, continued our behavioral health benefit in the United States to support employees mental well-being. Executive Officers For information about our Executive Officers, see Item 10 of this Annual Report under the caption Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Available Information Our internet website address is www.americantower.com . Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, and you should not consider information contained on our website as part of this Annual Report. You may access, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, plus amendments to such reports as filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ), through the Investor Relations portion of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We have adopted a written Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Policy (the Code of Conduct ) that applies to all of our employees and directors, including, but not limited to, our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Conduct, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the charters of the audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees of our Board are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website, under the Corporate Governance tab. In the event we amend the Code of Conduct, or provide any waivers of the Code of Conduct to our directors or executive officers, we will disclose these events on our website as required by the regulations of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ) and applicable law. In addition, paper copies of these documents may be obtained free of charge by writing us at the following address: 222 Berkeley Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02116, Attention: Investor Relations; or by calling us at (617) 375-7500. 9 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Business Strategy A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand. A significant reduction in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Factors that may affect such demand include: the ability and willingness of wireless and cloud service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure; the financial condition of communications service providers; increased mergers, consolidations or exits that reduce the number of communications service providers or increased use of network sharing among governments or communications service providers; a decrease in demand for wireless or colocation services, including due to general economic conditions, changes in global tariff or trade policies or regulations, disruption in the financial and credit markets or global social, political or health crises, inflation, slowing growth, high interest rates or recession; delays or changes in the deployment of next generation wireless technologies; technological changes, including artificial intelligence ( AI ), wireless equipment changes, satellite technology and an increase in the use of radio access network ( RAN ) sharing among wireless service providers; zoning, environmental, health, tax or other government regulations or changes in the application and enforcement thereof; and governmental licensing of spectrum or restriction or revocation of our customers spectrum licenses. Our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted by disputes with our customers. In the ordinary course of our business, we occasionally experience disputes with our customers, generally regarding the interpretation of terms in our leases. Historically, we have resolved these disputes in a manner that did not have a material adverse effect on us or our relationships with our customers. However, it is possible that such disputes could lead to a termination of leases with those customers, a material adverse modification of the terms of those leases or a deterioration in our relationships with those customers that leads to a failure to obtain new business or maintain existing business with them, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. If we are forced to resolve any of these disputes through litigation or arbitration, our relationship with the applicable customer could be terminated or damaged, which could lead to decreased revenue or increased costs, resulting in a corresponding adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. For example, we are currently engaged in a legal dispute (the Arbitration ) with one of our customers in Mexico, AT T Comunicaciones Digitales, S. de R.L. de C.V. and related entities (collectively, AT T Mexico ). AT T Mexico, which represented approximately $300 million of tenant revenue in 2025, is challenging the calculation of the monthly lease amount established under our Master Lease Agreement with AT T Mexico (the MLA ), as well as certain other provisions of the MLA, seeking rent abatement both retroactively and prospectively, and withheld certain tower rents during 2025. As previously discussed, on September 23, 2025, we and AT T Mexico reached an agreement pursuant to which AT T Mexico has remitted payment of the majority of the withheld tower rents and has resumed monthly payments of the majority of its owed tower rents. The remainder of the outstanding receivables and the future monthly unpaid tower rent amounts are being deposited into an irrevocable escrow account, overseen by an independent trustee, to be released in accordance with a final ruling in the Arbitration or by mutual consent of us and AT T Mexico. We incurred approximately $30 million of reserves during the year ended December 31, 2025 related to this customer. We expect to record future reserves until the Arbitration is settled. Additionally, on September 24, 2025, one of our U.S. customers, DISH Wireless L.L.C., a subsidiary of DISH Network Corporation ( DISH ), delivered a notice purporting to be excused from its contractual obligations under our Strategic Collocation Agreement entered into in March 2021 (the SCA ). DISH has failed to meet its payment obligations, and as of January 2026 is in default under the SCA. We filed a complaint seeking a declaratory judgment that DISH has not been excused from its obligations under the SCA, that the SCA remains in full force and effect, and that DISH remains required to perform all of its obligations under the SCA. This matter is still pending. The outcomes of these matters are uncertain, and there can be no assurance that our positions will be upheld. Adverse rulings in one or both of these disputes could have a material negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 10 Table of Contents A substantial portion of our current and projected future revenue is derived from a small number of customers, and we are sensitive to adverse changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our customers. A substantial portion of our total operating revenues is derived from a small number of customers. If any of these customers are unwilling or unable to perform their obligations under their agreements with us, our revenues, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, our growth projections are based on future revenue from a small number of customers, and such projections could be adversely impacted by adverse changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our customers. The following is a list of significant customers (representing at least 10% of revenue in any of the last three years) and the percentage of our total revenues for the specified time periods received from these customers: For the year ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 T-Mobile 18 % 19 % 19 % AT T 17 % 18 % 18 % Verizon Wireless 14 % 13 % 14 % Telef nica 10 % 10 % 10 % One or more of our customers, or their parent companies, may experience financial difficulties, file for bankruptcy, reduce or terminate their operations or exit certain markets as a result of a prolonged economic downturn, economic difficulties (such as those from the imposition of taxes, fees (including the cost of, and access to, spectrum), regulations or judicial interpretations of regulations, and any associated penalties or interest, which may be substantial) or otherwise. Impacts on the economic environment, such as inflation or rising interest rates, could materially and adversely affect our customers through disruptions of, among other things, their ability to procure their equipment through their supply chains, their ability to procure power and fuel and their ability to maintain liquidity and deploy network capital, with potential decreases in consumer spending contributing to liquidity risks. Such financial difficulties could result in uncollectible accounts receivable and an impairment of our deferred rent asset, tower asset, network location intangible asset, tenant-related intangible asset or goodwill. The loss of significant customers, or the loss of all or a portion of our anticipated lease revenues from certain customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Due to the long-term nature of our customer leases, we depend on the continued financial strength of our customers. Many communications service providers operate with substantial levels of debt. In our international operations, many of our customers are subsidiaries of global telecommunications companies. These subsidiaries may not have the explicit or implied financial support of their parent entities. In addition, many of our customers and potential customers rely on capital raising activities to fund their operations and capital expenditures, which may be more difficult or expensive in the event of downturns in the economy or disruptions in the financial and credit markets, including those caused by factors such as inflation, currency devaluations and other foreign currency exchange rate volatility, higher interest rates and supply chain disruptions. If our customers or potential customers are unable to raise adequate capital to fund their business plans or face capital constraints, they may reduce their spending, file for bankruptcy, reduce or terminate their operations or exit certain markets, which could materially and adversely affect demand for our communications infrastructure and our services business. For example, during the second half of 2025, Echostar Corporation, parent company to DISH, announced agreements to sell a material amount of spectrum licenses, and subsequently began to abandon and decommission deployment of portions of its 5G VoNR and broadband network. DISH represented approximately 2% and 4% of our total annual property revenue and total annual U.S. Canada property revenue, respectively, for 2025. Increasing competition within our industries may materially and adversely affect our revenue. Our industries are highly competitive and our customers have numerous alternatives in leasing communications infrastructure assets. Competition due to pricing or alternative contractual arrangements from peers could materially and adversely affect our lease rates. We may not be able to renew existing customer leases or enter into new customer leases, or if we are able to renew or enter into new leases, they may be at rates lower than our current rates or on less favorable terms than our current terms, resulting in an adverse impact on our results of operations and growth rate. During the year ended December 31, 2025, churn was approximately 2% of our tenant billings. An increase in our future churn rate resulting from non-renewal, or renegotiations at less favorable terms than our current rates, from one or more of our larger customers could materially and adversely impact our growth rate and revenue. 11 Table of Contents In addition, some of our data center competitors may have significant advantages over us, including greater name recognition, longer operating histories, lower operating costs, lower levels of leverage, pre-existing relationships with current or potential customers, greater financial, marketing and other resources, access to better networks and access to less expensive power. These advantages could allow our data center competitors to respond more quickly or effectively to strategic opportunities and, as a result, we may lose existing or potential data center customers, incur costs to improve our data centers or be forced to reduce our rental rates. These risks are compounded by the fact that a significant percentage of our data center customer leases expire every year. If our customers consolidate their operations, exit their businesses or share site infrastructure to a significant degree, our growth and revenue could be materially and adversely affected. Significant consolidation among our customers could reduce demand for our communications infrastructure and may materially and adversely affect our growth and revenues. Certain combined companies have rationalized duplicative parts of their networks or modernized their networks, and these and other customers could determine not to renew, or attempt to cancel, avoid or limit leases or related payments with us. Additionally, some of our international customers may use consolidation and/or restructuring to address financial or other competitive pressures, which could in turn result in the sale of wireless assets. In the event a customer terminates, consolidates or restructures its business, or separately sells its spectrum or wireless assets, we may experience increased churn as a result. Our ongoing contractual revenues and our future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. In addition, extensive sharing of site infrastructure through RAN sharing, roaming or resale arrangements among wireless service providers, including due to increases in advanced network technology such as 5G, as an alternative to leasing our communications sites, without compensation to us, may cause new lease activity to slow if carriers utilize shared equipment rather than deploy new equipment, or may result in the decommissioning of equipment on certain existing sites because portions of the customers networks may become redundant. Competition to build or purchase assets could adversely affect our ability to achieve our return on investment criteria. We may experience increased competition for contracts to build or acquire communications infrastructure assets, which could cause us to lose such contracts or make them significantly more costly. Some of our competitors are larger and may have greater financial resources than we do, while other competitors may apply less stringent investment criteria or less stringent contractual terms than we have. In addition, we may not anticipate or be able to address increased competition entering a particular market or competing for the build or acquisition of the same assets. Higher prices or less favorable terms for the construction or acquisition of assets or the failure to build or otherwise add new assets to our portfolio could make it more difficult to achieve our anticipated returns on investment or future growth, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. New technologies or changes, or lack thereof, in our or a customer s business model could make our communications infrastructure leasing business less desirable and result in decreasing revenues and operating results. The development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks or changes in a customer s business model could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services, decrease demand for tower space or reduce previously obtainable lease rates. In addition, if the industry trends toward deploying increased capital to the development and implementation of new technologies, then customers may allocate less of their budgets to leasing space on our towers. Examples of these technologies include more spectrally efficient technologies, which could relieve a portion of our customers network capacity needs and, as a result, could reduce the demand for tower-based antenna space. Additionally, certain small cell complementary network technologies or satellite services could shift a portion of our customers network investments away from traditional tower-based networks, which may reduce the need for carriers to add more equipment at certain communications sites. Moreover, the emergence of alternative technologies could reduce the need for tower-based broadcast services transmission and reception. Further, a customer may decide to cease outsourcing tower infrastructure or otherwise change its business model, which would result in a decrease in our revenue and operating results. Similarly, our data center site infrastructure may become antiquated or obsolete due to the development of new systems that deliver power to, or eliminate heat from, the servers and other customer equipment that we house or due to the development of new technology, such as AI, which is potentially more power-intensive, that requires levels of power and cooling density that our facilities may not be designed to provide. Our failure to innovate in response to the development and implementation of these or other new technologies or changes in a customer s business model could have a material adverse effect on the growth of our business, results of operations or financial condition. Conversely, we may invest significant capital in technologies, platform expansion initiatives or new additions to our core 12 Table of Contents business that may not provide expected returns or profitability, which could divert management attention and have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Additionally, our customers may overestimate or overvalue the benefits and use of 5G networks and other new technology that are deployed onto our communications sites that, in turn, could adversely affect our customers' growth, thereby adversely affecting our growth. Divestitures may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We continually evaluate the performance, capital needs and strategic fit of all of our businesses and, as a result of such evaluation, may sell some or all of the equity interests in a particular business or components of a business. In recent years, we have divested our Mexico fiber and Poland businesses in 2023, our Australia, India and New Zealand businesses in 2024 and our South Africa fiber business in 2025. Divestitures involve risks, including difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel, requirements to obtain consents from third parties or potential legal claims or regulatory requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we may encounter related to the divestiture of a business. Any divestiture we undertake could materially and adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and may also result in a diversion of management s attention, operational difficulties and losses. Divestitures and our evaluation of assets or businesses in connection with potential divestitures may result in asset impairment charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, or losses realized in connection with a transaction, which could have an impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Our use of joint ventures and strategic partnerships may expose us to risks associated with jointly owned investments. We currently operate parts of our business through joint ventures with third party partners that we believe will complement or augment our existing business. For example, we have joint ventures in our Europe property segment, Data Center property segment and Africa APAC property segment. As we continue to engage in and sustain partnership opportunities, our partners may have business or economic goals that are inconsistent or conflict with ours, be in positions to take action contrary to our interests, policies or objectives, have competing interests in our, or other, markets that could create conflict of interest issues, withhold consents contrary to our requests or become unable or unwilling to fulfill their commitments, any of which could present challenges with multiple partners or expose us to additional liabilities or costs, including requiring us to assume and fulfill the obligations of that partnership or to execute buyouts of our partners interests. Additionally, we may not realize any of the anticipated benefits of our joint ventures. Such investments and any future strategic partnerships and/or joint ventures subject us and the companies we manage to risks and uncertainties not otherwise present with other methods of investment. Risks Related to Our Financial Performance or General Economic Conditions Our leverage, debt service obligations and repurchase activity may materially and adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives and may reduce funds available to satisfy our distribution requirements. We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $37.2 billion of consolidated debt and the ability to borrow additional aggregate amounts of approximately $9.6 billion under our $6.0 billion senior unsecured multicurrency revolving credit facility, as amended and restated in December 2021, as further amended (the 2021 Multicurrency Credit Facility ) and our $4.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility, as amended and restated in December 2021, as further amended (the 2021 Credit Facility ), net of approximately $36.8 million of outstanding undrawn letters of credit. Our leverage and debt service obligations could have significant negative consequences to our business, results of operations or financial condition, including: requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the amount of our cash flow available for other purposes, including capital expenditures and REIT distributions; impairing our ability to meet one or more of the financial ratio covenants contained in our debt agreements or to generate cash sufficient to pay interest or principal due under those agreements, which could result in an acceleration of some or all of our outstanding debt and the loss of the towers securing such debt, as applicable, if a default remains uncured; limiting our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing, thereby placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage to less leveraged competitors and competitors that may have better access to capital resources, including with respect to acquiring or building assets; and limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we compete. 13 Table of Contents We may need to raise additional capital through debt financing activities, asset sales or equity issuances, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable, to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives, required purchases of our partners interests and to satisfy our distribution requirements and debt service obligations and leverage requirements, including financial ratio covenants. An increase in our total leverage could lead to a downgrade of our credit rating below investment grade, which could negatively impact our ability to access credit markets or preclude us from obtaining funds on investment grade terms, rates and conditions or subject us to additional loan covenants, which could accelerate our debt repayment obligations. Further, certain of our current debt instruments limit the amount of indebtedness we and our subsidiaries may incur. Additional financing, therefore, may be unavailable, more expensive or restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness. Additionally, our Board has approved a share repurchase program allowing us to repurchase common stock through various methods, including open market purchases. The program does not require any specific amount or number of shares to be repurchased, and management will determine timing and volume based on market conditions and other factors. Repurchases could impact stock price, liquidity and cash reserves, potentially affecting future growth opportunities. While intended to enhance long-term shareholder value, there is no guarantee of success, and short-term price fluctuations could reduce the program s effectiveness. Additionally, our share repurchase program could diminish our available cash, which may impact our ability to finance future growth and pursue possible future strategic opportunities and acquisitions. Increased inflation and interest rates may adversely affect us by increasing costs beyond what we can recover through price increases. The United States and other large global economies experienced historically high inflation in recent years. Future inflationary effects may be driven by, among other things, supply chain disruptions, changes in trade or tariff policies, governmental stimulus or fiscal policies, as well as ongoing global military conflicts. Inflation can materially and adversely affect us by increasing the costs of land, materials, labor and other costs required to manage and grow our business. In addition, should inflation rates exceed our fixed escalator percentages in markets where our leases include fixed escalators, our returns could be adversely affected. In an inflationary environment, depending on the terms of our contracts and other economic conditions, we may be unable to raise prices enough to keep up with the rate of inflation or our customers may be unwilling to pay contractual increases or demand discounts upon renewal, which would reduce our profit margins and returns. If we are unable to increase our prices to offset the effects of inflation, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Inflation has also contributed to foreign currency exchange rate volatility, including in several of the markets where we operate. Inflation impacts could also create foreign exchange rate instability in our international markets, including in markets such as Africa and Latin America, that could, in turn, depress the value of that market s currency, thereby adversely impacting our business, results of operations, financial condition or the underlying value of foreign subsidiaries. In addition, inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates. The combination of higher interest rates and high inflation could lead to an extended economic downturn, which could reduce our ability to incur debt or access capital and impact our results of operations and financial condition even after these conditions improve. Additionally, higher inflation or higher costs of capital could also impact the risk premiums or market returns on our assets. Changes in costs of capital could adversely impact the underlying value of our assets, which could in turn result in impairment charges. Further, market volatility and disruption caused by factors such as inflation and fluctuating interest rates may impact our ability to raise additional capital through debt and equity financing activities or our ability to repay or refinance maturing liabilities, or impact the terms of any new obligations, which in turn may have an adverse impact on our credit ratings. Federal fund rates have been elevated for several years and, although there were several rate cuts in recent years, rates could remain at current levels for an extended period of time. An increase in rates can have a corresponding impact to our costs of borrowing and may have an adverse impact on our ability to raise funds through the offering of our securities or through the issuance of debt due to higher debt capital costs, diminished credit availability or less favorable equity markets. The extent to which these factors will impact our business and financial results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. Restrictive covenants in the agreements related to our securitization transaction, our credit facilities and our debt securities could materially and adversely affect our business by limiting flexibility, and we may be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock, which may jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a REIT. The agreements related to our Trust Securitization (as defined below) include operating covenants and other restrictions customary for loans subject to rated securitizations. Among other things, the borrowers under the agreements are prohibited from incurring other indebtedness for borrowed money or further encumbering their assets. A failure to comply with the covenants in the agreements could prevent the borrowers from taking certain actions with respect to the secured assets and could prevent the borrowers from distributing any excess cash from the operation of such assets to us. If the borrowers were to 14 Table of Contents default on any of the loans, the servicer on such loan could seek to foreclose upon or otherwise convert the ownership of the secured assets, in which case we could lose such assets and the cash flow associated with such assets. The agreements for our credit facilities also contain restrictive covenants and leverage and other financial maintenance tests that could limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, guaranteeing indebtedness or making distributions to stockholders, including our required REIT distributions, and engaging in various types of transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and sales of assets. Additionally, our credit facilities restrict our and our subsidiaries ability to incur liens securing our or their indebtedness. These covenants could have an adverse effect on our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing new tower or other communications infrastructure development, mergers and acquisitions or other opportunities. Our credit agreements also contain cross-default and/or cross-acceleration provisions, which may be triggered if we default on certain indebtedness in excess of certain thresholds. In the event of such a default, the resulting cross-defaults or cross-accelerations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Further, reporting and information covenants in our credit agreements and indentures require that we provide financial and operating information within certain time periods. If we are unable to provide the required information on a timely basis, we would be in breach of these covenants. For more information regarding the covenants and requirements discussed above, please see Item 7 of this Annual Report under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Factors Affecting Sources of Liquidity and note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. We also may enter into hedges for certain debt instruments, which may have an adverse impact on our results to the extent that the counterparties do not perform as expected at the inception of each hedge. Risks Related to Laws and Regulations Our foreign operations are subject to economic, political and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position, including risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Our international business operations and our potential expansion into additional new markets in the future expose us to potential adverse financial and operational problems not typically experienced in the United States. Our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including: uncertain, inconsistent or changing laws, regulations, rulings or methodologies impacting our existing and anticipated international operations, fees or other requirements directed specifically at the ownership and operation of communications infrastructure or our international acquisitions, any of which laws, fees or requirements may be applied retroactively or with significant delay; failure or inability to retain our tax status or to obtain an expected tax status for which we have applied; changes to applicable tax laws or successful challenges to how or where our profits are currently recognized, which could increase our overall taxes; expropriation resulting in government takeover of our or our customers operations; governmental regulation restricting foreign ownership or requiring reversion or divestiture; laws or regulations that tax or otherwise restrict repatriation of earnings or other funds or otherwise limit distributions of capital; changes in a specific country s or region s political or economic conditions, including inflation, currency devaluation, coup d tats and other violent and/or unplanned transitions of power; changes to zoning regulations or construction laws, which could be applied retroactively to our existing communications infrastructure; actions restricting or revoking our customers spectrum licenses, or alterations or interpretations thereof, or suspending or terminating business under prior licenses; failure to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the FCPA or similar local anti-bribery laws, or the Office of Foreign Assets Control requirements; failure to comply with data privacy laws or other protections of employee health and personal information; material site issues related to security, fuel availability and reliability of electrical grids; significant increases in, or implementation of new, license surcharges and similar fees or taxes on our revenue; anti-American sentiment or adverse impacts from United States trade or foreign policy, including the impacts of tariffs and retaliatory measures; loss of key personnel, including expatriates, in markets where talent is difficult or expensive to acquire; and price-setting or other similar laws or regulations for the sharing of passive infrastructure. We also face risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including those arising from the impacts of an inflationary and high interest rate environment on the global or regional economy and markets and on our operations, investments and financing transactions related to our international business. Volatility in foreign currency exchange rates can 15 Table of Contents also affect our ability to plan, forecast and budget for our international operations and expansion efforts. Our revenues earned from our international operations are primarily denominated in their respective local currencies. We have not historically engaged in significant currency hedging activities relating to our non-U.S. Dollar operations, and a weakening of these foreign currencies against the U.S. Dollar would negatively impact our reported revenues, operating profits and income. Our business, and that of our customers, is subject to laws, regulations and administrative and judicial decisions, and changes thereto, that could restrict our ability to operate our business as we currently do or impact our competitive landscape. Our business, and that of our customers, is subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws, treaties and regulations and administrative and judicial decisions. In certain jurisdictions, these regulations, laws and treaties could be applied or be enforced retroactively. Zoning authorities and community organizations are sometimes opposed to the construction of communications sites in their communities, which can delay, prevent or increase the cost of new tower or data center construction, modifications, additions of new antennas to a site or site upgrades, thereby limiting our ability to respond to customer demands. Existing or new regulatory policies, regulations or laws may materially and adversely affect the timing, cost or completion of our communications sites or result in changes in the competitive landscape that may negatively affect our business. Noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to litigants or result in decreased revenue or the potential loss of our sites. In addition, in certain jurisdictions, we and certain of our customers are required to pay annual licenses, fees or taxes, which may be subject to substantial increases by the government, or new fees may be enacted and applied retroactively. In some instances, government regulation restricting foreign ownership of our customers could result in loss of revenue or penalties. Governmental licenses may also be subject to periodic renewal and additional conditions to receive or maintain such license. Additionally, we have government customers for several of our communications sites and data centers, which subjects us to risks including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties. Our data centers segment is also subject to various federal, state and local environmental and health and safety laws and regulations in the United States, as set forth in Item 1A of this Annual Report under the caption Risk Factors Our data center segment contains certain operational differences from our tower leasing operations resulting in different operational risks. If we do not successfully operate our data center segment or identify or manage the related operational risks, such operations may produce results that are lower than anticipated. Furthermore, the tax laws, regulations, applicable license terms and conditions, and interpretations governing our business, and that of our customers, in jurisdictions where we operate, may change at any time, potentially with retroactive effect. The evolving nature of global tax laws and regulations and compliance approaches could have an impact on our financial results. This includes changes in tax laws, transfer pricing regulations, spectrum use terms, administrative compliance guidance or judicial interpretations thereof. In recent years, there have been some legislative proposals regarding tax laws applicable to REITs. Any increases in tax liability could reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes. In addition, as of January 1, 2024, we and our subsidiaries, in principle, became subject to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (the OECD ) Global Anti-Base Erosion Rules (the Pillar 2 Rules ) as promulgated by jurisdictions. The Pillar 2 Rules can potentially lead to additional taxes ( Top-Up Tax ) when the effective tax rate (as defined by the Pillar 2 Rules) in a jurisdiction is below 15%. The Pillar 2 Rules, however, do not apply to Excluded Entities and certain subsidiaries of Excluded Entities. We believe we qualify as an Excluded Entity as a Real Estate Investment Vehicle. In the event certain subsidiaries do not qualify as Excluded Entities, available Safe Harbor rules could apply that would exempt the entities from any Top-Up Tax. For 2025, the Under-Taxed Payments Rule (UTPR) Safe Harbor excludes all US income from the Pillar 2 Rules. In addition, substantially all of our non-excluded, non-U.S. jurisdictions qualify for other Safe Harbors. The remaining jurisdictions that may not qualify would have immaterial Top-Up Taxes. Beginning in fiscal year 2026, the U.S. income of non-excluded entities may result in material Top-Up Taxes; however, on January 5, 2026, the OECD announced a comprehensive Side-by-Side Safe Harbor that, if enacted, would exempt U.S.-parented multinational companies from certain Top-Up Taxes under the Pillar 2 Rules beginning January 1, 2026. The Side-by-Side Safe Harbor is not an exemption from any qualified domestic minimum Top-Up Tax. The Side-by-Side Safe Harbor has yet to be enacted in any jurisdiction where we operate that has already implemented the Pillar 2 Rules. Additionally, the Pillar 2 Rules are still yet to be enacted in many of the jurisdictions in which we operate. If we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a REIT, we will be subject to tax at corporate income tax rates, which may substantially reduce funds otherwise available, and even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may face tax liabilities that impact earnings and available cash flow. Commencing with the taxable year beginning January 1, 2012, we have operated as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Qualification for taxation as a REIT requires the application of certain highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), which provisions may change from time to time, to our operations as well as 16 Table of Contents various factual determinations concerning matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. Further, tax legislation may adversely affect our ability to remain qualified for taxation as a REIT or the benefits or desirability of remaining so qualified. There are few judicial or administrative interpretations of the relevant provisions of the Code. If, in any taxable year, we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT and are not entitled to relief under the Code: we will not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders and would be subject to federal and state income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate income tax rates, which could be substantial in amount, and may require us to borrow additional funds or liquidate some investments to pay any additional tax liability and, accordingly, may reduce funds available for other purposes; and we will be disqualified from REIT tax treatment for the four taxable years immediately following the year during which we were so disqualified. We are subject to certain federal, state, local and foreign taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income and state, local or foreign income, franchise, property and transfer taxes. While state and local income tax regimes often parallel the U.S. federal income tax regime for REITs, many of these jurisdictions differ in their treatment of REITs. For example, some state and local jurisdictions currently or in the future may limit or eliminate a REIT s deduction for dividends paid, which could increase our income tax expense. We are also subject to the continual examination of our income tax returns by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and state, local and foreign tax authorities. The results of an audit and examination of previously filed tax returns and continuing assessments of our tax exposures may have an adverse effect on our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability. Furthermore, we have owned and may from time to time own direct and indirect ownership interests in subsidiary REITs, which must also comply with the same REIT requirements that we must satisfy, together with all other rules applicable to REITs. If the subsidiary REIT is determined to have failed to qualify for taxation as a REIT and certain relief provisions do not apply, then the subsidiary REIT would be subject to federal income tax, which tax we would economically bear along with applicable penalties and interest. In addition, our ownership of shares in such subsidiary REIT would fail to be a qualifying asset for purposes of the asset tests applicable to REITs and any dividend income or gains derived by us from such subsidiary REIT may cease to be treated as income that qualifies for purposes of the 75% gross income test. These consequences could have a material adverse effect on our ability to comply with the REIT income and asset tests, and thus our ability to qualify for taxation as a REIT. Complying with REIT requirements may limit our flexibility or cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. Our use of TRSs enables us to engage in non-REIT qualifying business activities. Under the Code, no more than 20% (25% beginning in 2026) of the value of the assets of a REIT may be represented by securities of one or more TRSs and no more than 25% of the value of the assets of the REIT may be represented by non-qualifying assets (including securities of one or more TRSs). This limitation may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments or take advantage of acquisition opportunities, including the purchase of non-qualifying assets, the expansion of non-real estate activities and investments in the businesses to be conducted by our TRSs, and to that extent limit our opportunities and our flexibility to change our business strategy. Further, as a REIT, we must distribute to our stockholders an amount equal to at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (determined before the deduction for distributed earnings and excluding any net capital gain). To meet our annual distribution requirements, we may be required to distribute amounts that may otherwise be used for our operations, including amounts that may otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt. As no more than 25% of our gross income may consist of dividend income from our TRSs and other non-qualifying types of income, our ability to receive distributions from our TRSs may be limited, which may impact our ability to fund distributions to our stockholders or to use income of our TRSs to fund other investments. In addition, the majority of our income and cash flows from our TRSs are generated from our international operations. In many cases, there are local withholding taxes and currency controls that may impact our ability or willingness to repatriate funds to the United States to help satisfy REIT distribution requirements. Additionally, to the extent we have excess cash in foreign locations that could be used in, or is needed by, our U.S. or foreign operations, we may incur significant foreign taxes to repatriate these funds, which would reduce the net amount ultimately available for such purposes. We could have liability under environmental and occupational safety and health laws. Our operations are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations, including those relating to the management, use, storage, disposal, emission and remediation of, and exposure to, hazardous and non-hazardous substances, materials and wastes. As the owner, lessee or operator of real property and facilities, including g