=== LYV_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors as well as other factors described herein or in our quarterly and other reports we file with the SEC (collectively, cautionary statements ). Based upon changing conditions, should any risk or uncertainty that has already materialized, or should one or more of the currently unrealized risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described in any forward-looking statements. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the applicable cautionary statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. We do not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law. ITEM 1. BUSINESS Our Company We believe that we are the largest live entertainment company in the world, connecting over 805 million fans across all of our concerts and ticketing platforms in 55 countries during 2025. We believe we are the largest producer of live music concerts in the world, based on total fans that attend Live Nation events as compared to events of other promoters, connecting 159 million fans to over 11,000 artists at 55,000 events in 2025. Live Nation owns, operates, has exclusive booking rights for or has an equity interest in 460 venues globally, including House of Blues music venues and prestigious locations such as The Fillmore in San Francisco, Brooklyn Bowl in New York City , the Hollywood Palladium in Los Angeles, the Moody Center arena in Austin, the Ziggo Dome in Amsterdam, 3Arena in Dublin, Royal Arena in Copenhagen and Spark Arena in Auckland. We believe we are one of the world s leading artist management companies based on the number of artists represented. Our artist management companies manage music artists and acts across all music genres. We believe we are the world s leading live entertainment ticketing sales and marketing company, based on the number of tickets we sell. Ticketmaster provides ticket sales services and marketing and distribution globally through www.ticketmaster.com and www.livenation.com and our mobile apps, other websites and numerous retail outlets, distributing 646 million tickets through our systems in 2025. Ticketmaster serves 10,500 clients worldwide across multiple event categories, providing ticketing services for leading arenas, stadiums, festival and concert promoters, professional sports franchises and leagues, college sports teams, performing arts venues, museums and theaters. We believe our global footprint is one of the world s largest music advertising networks for corporate brands and includes one of the world s leading ecommerce websites based on a comparison of gross sales of top internet retailers. Our principal executive offices are located at 9348 Civic Center Drive, Beverly Hills, California 90210 (telephone: 310-867-7000). Our principal website is www.livenationentertainment.com . Live Nation is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, trading under the symbol LYV. 2 Our Strategy Our strategy is to grow the global live entertainment industry by connecting artists with their fans, selling more tickets and partnering with additional sponsors. We invest nearly $15 billion annually in artist performances from club and theater acts to global superstars more than any other company in the industry. In addition, we are investing in venue infrastructure around the world to support artists, meet rising fan demand and strengthen our long-term growth. Our core businesses surrounding the promotion of live events include ticketing and sponsorship and advertising. We believe our focus on growing these businesses will increase shareholder value as we continue to enhance our revenue streams. In our ticketing business, we serve artists, venues, and sports teams and leagues to secure content and tickets as well as invest in technology to build innovative products which advance our ticketing, including mobile platforms and advertising. Lastly, we are paid by sponsors and advertisers that want to connect their brands with a passionate fan base. We execute on our strategy and thereby grow and innovate through the initiatives listed below. Expand our Concert Platform . We will deliver more shows, grow the fan base and increase our ticket sales by continuing to build our portfolio of concerts globally, expanding our business into additional top global music markets, and further building our presence in existing markets. Through our culture of serving artists and a focus on supporting the development of emerging artists, we believe we can continue to expand our concert base. Grow our Revenue per Show. We will grow our revenue per show across our venues through more effective ticket pricing, broader ticketing distribution and more targeted promotional marketing. We will also grow our onsite fan monetization by improving ease of purchase, through improved onsite food and beverage and other products, merchandising, and enhanced experiences for the fans. Invest in Venue Infrastructure and Enhancement Projects. To support the continued growth of artists and global fan demand, we are investing capital expenditures to expand our venue footprint focusing on large theaters, amphitheaters, arenas and stadiums - to more markets around the world and upgrading our existing venues to enhance hospitality efforts for the fan base. Invest in our Ticketing Platform . We will continue to invest in our ticketing enterprise system and develop innovative products to better serve our enterprise clients and continue to build our global client base. These include technological and digital transformations, enhanced marketing capabilities, and improved analytical tools to meet the needs of venues, event organizers and fans. Grow our Marketplace Capabilities . We are focused on selling tickets through a wide set of sales channels including mobile, online and affiliate partners while continuing to broaden our digital rollout. Within this, we will continue to invest in tools that reduce fraud and help artists and teams determine how to get their tickets into the hands of real fans. Lastly, we are focused on leveraging our platform by growing non-service fee revenue streams including insurance, additional enterprise tools, payment integration and other upsells. Grow Sponsorship and Advertising Partnerships . We will continue to drive growth in our sponsorship relationships and capture a larger share of the global music sponsorship market by further monetizing our venue portfolio as well as grow our portfolio of brands connecting with fans. We will focus on expanding existing partnerships and developing new corporate sponsor partners to provide them with targeted strategic programs, accessing the fans attending our shows. We will continue to develop and to scale new products in order to drive onsite and digital revenue. Our Strengths We believe we have unique resources that are unmatched in the live entertainment industry. Fans . During 2025, we connected over 805 million fans to their favorite live events. Our database of fans and their interests provides us with the means to efficiently communicate to them about shows they are likely to be interested in. Artists . We have extensive relationships with artists ranging from those just beginning their careers to established superstars. In 2025, we promoted shows for approximately 11,000 artists globally. In addition, through our artist management companies, we managed approximately 360 artists in 2025. Digital Platforms and Ticketing . We own and operate various branded websites, both in the United States and abroad, which are customized to reflect services offered in each jurisdiction. Our primary commercial websites, www.livenation.com and www.ticketmaster.com , together with our other branded ticketing websites, are designed to promote ticket sales for live events. We also have both Live Nation and Ticketmaster mobile apps that fans can use to access event information and buy tickets. 3 Distribution Network . We believe that our global network of promoters, venues and festivals provides us with a strong position in the live concert industry. We believe we have one of the largest global networks of live entertainment businesses in the world, with offices in 51 countries worldwide. In addition, we own, lease, operate, have exclusive booking rights for, or have an equity interest for which we have a significant influence in 460 venues and have operations located across 55 countries as of the end of 2025, making us, we believe, the second largest operator of music venues in the world. We also believe that we are one of the largest music festival producers in the world with 131 festivals globally in 2025. In addition, we believe that our global ticketing distribution network with approximately 10,500 clients worldwide in 2025 makes us the largest ticketing network in the world. Sponsors . We monetize our physical and digital assets through long-term sponsorship agreements and advertising. We employ a sales force of approximately 830 people that worked with more than 1,500 sponsors during 2025, through a combination of strategic partnerships, local venue-related deals, national agreements and digital campaigns, both in North America and internationally. Our sponsors include some of the most well-recognized national and global brands across diverse sectors including consumer, financials and leisure, such as Citibank, O 2 , Mastercard, Cisco, Red Bull and Anheuser Busch (each of these brands is a registered trademark of the sponsor). Our Industry We operate in the following main industries within the live entertainment business: live music events, music venue operations, the provision of management and other services to artists and athletes, ticketing services and sponsorship and advertising sales. The live music industry includes concert promotion and/or production of music events or tours. Typically, to initiate live music events or tours, booking agents work with artists. Booking agents then work with promoters, who will contract with them or with artists directly, to promote events. Promoters earn revenue primarily from the sale of tickets. Artists are paid by the promoter under one of several different formulas, which may include fixed guarantees and/or a percentage of ticket sales or event profits. In addition, promoters may also reimburse artists for certain costs of production, such as sound and lights. Under guaranteed payment formulas, promoters assume the risks of unprofitable events. Promoters may renegotiate lower guarantees or cancel events because of insufficient ticket sales in order to reduce their losses. Promoters can also reduce the risk of losses by entering into global or national touring agreements with artists and including the right to offset lower performing shows against higher performing shows on the tour in the determination of overall artist fees. Artist managers primarily provide services to music artists to manage their careers. The artist manager negotiates on behalf of the artist and is paid a fee, generally as a percentage of the artist s earnings. We believe the artist-fan connection is the source of nearly all commercial value and as a result, our artists receive the majority of all ticketing revenue. For music tours, four to eight months typically elapse between initially booking artists and the first performances. Artists, in conjunction with promoters, managers and booking agents, set ticket prices and advertising plans. Promoters market events, sell tickets, rent or otherwise provide venues and arrange for local production services, such as stages and equipment. Venue operators typically contract with promoters to have their venues rented for specific events on specific dates and receive fixed fees and/or percentages of ticket sales as rental income. In addition, venue operators provide services such as concessions, parking, security, ushering and ticket scanning at the gate, and receive some or all of the revenue from concessions, merchandise, parking and premium seating. Ticketing services generally refers to the sale of tickets primarily through online and mobile channels, but also include sales through phone, outlet and box office channels. Ticketing companies will contract with venues and/or promoters to sell tickets to events over a period of time, generally three to five years. The ticketing company generally gets paid a fixed fee per ticket sold or a percentage of the total ticket service charges. The ticketing company receives the cash for the ticket sales and related service charges at the time the ticket is sold and periodically remits these receipts to the venue and/or promoter after deducting its fee. Venues will often also sell tickets through a local box office at the venue using the ticketing company s technology. Venues set the ticketing service fee to be charged on tickets and typically retain the majority of these fees. Ticketing resale services generally refers to the sale of tickets by a holder who originally obtained the tickets from a venue or other entity. Resale tickets are also referred to as secondary tickets. Generally, the ticket resale company is paid a service charge by both seller and buyer, when the ticket is resold and the remaining ticket value is paid to the holder. The sponsorship and advertising industry within the live entertainment business involves the sale of international, national, regional and local advertising and promotional programs to a variety of companies to advertise or promote their brand, product or service. These sponsorships typically include venue and festival naming rights, onsite venue signage, online and in-app advertisements and exclusive partner rights in various categories such as credit card, beverage, travel and telecommunications, and may include venue and festival event pre-sales and onsite product activation. 4 Our Business Our reportable segments are Concerts, Ticketing and Sponsorship Advertising. Concerts . Our Concerts segment principally involves the global promotion of live music events in our owned or operated venues and in rented third-party venues, the operation and management of music venues, the production of music festivals across the world, the creation of associated content and the provision of management and other services to artists. Including intersegment revenue, our Concerts business generated $20.9 billion, or 83%, of our total revenue during 2025. We promoted approximately 55,000 live music and other events in 2025. While our Concerts segment traditionally operates year-round, we experience higher revenue during the second and third quarters due to the seasonal nature of shows at our outdoor amphitheaters and festivals, which primarily occur from May through October. We expect our seasonality trends to evolve as we continue to expand our global operations. As a promoter, we earn revenue primarily from the sale of tickets and pay artists under one of several formulas, including a fixed guaranteed amount and/or a percentage of ticket sales or event profits. For each event we promote, we either use a venue we own or operate, or rent a third-party venue. Revenue is generally impacted by the number of events, volume of ticket sales and ticket prices. Event costs such as artist fees and production expenses are included in direct operating expenses and are typically substantial in relation to the revenue. As a result, significant increases or decreases in promotion revenue do not typically result in comparable changes to operating income. As a venue operator, we generate revenue primarily from the sale of concessions, parking, premium seating, rental income and ticket rebates or service charges earned on tickets sold under ticketing agreements. In our amphitheaters, the sale of concessions is outsourced and we receive a share of the net revenue from the concessionaire, which is recorded in revenue with limited associated direct operating expenses. Revenue generated from venue operations typically has a higher margin than promotion revenue and therefore typically has a more direct relationship to changes in operating income. As we have continued to build our skill at venue operations, this has become an increasingly large part of our Concerts strategy, with a substantial focus on building our global owned or operated venue platform. As a festival promoter, we typically book artists, secure festival sites, provide for third-party production services, sell tickets and advertise events to attract fans. We also provide or arrange for third parties to provide operational services as needed such as concessions, merchandising and security. We earn revenue from the sale of tickets and typically pay artists a fixed guaranteed amount. We also earn revenue from the sale of concessions, camping fees and service charges earned on tickets sold. For each event, we either use a festival site we own or rent a third-party festival site. Revenue is generally impacted by the number of events, volume of ticket sales and ticket prices. Event costs such as artist fees and production expenses are included in direct operating expenses and are typically substantial in relation to the revenue. Since the artist fees are typically fixed guarantees for these events, significant increases or decreases in festival promotion revenue will generally result in comparable changes to operating income. Ticketing . Our Ticketing segment is primarily an agency business that sells tickets for events on behalf of its clients and retains a portion of the service charge as its fee. We sell tickets for our events and also for third-party clients across multiple live event categories, providing ticketing services for leading arenas, stadiums, amphitheaters, music clubs, concert promoters, professional sports franchises and leagues, college sports teams, performing arts venues, museums and theaters. We sell tickets through mobile apps, websites and ticket outlets. Our Ticketing segment also manages our online activities including enhancements to our websites and product offerings. Including intersegment revenue, our Ticketing business generated $3.1 billion, or 12%, of our total revenue during 2025, which excludes the face value of tickets sold and is net of the fees paid to our ticketing clients. Through all of our ticketing services, we sold approximately 346 million tickets in 2025 on which we were paid fees for our services. In addition, approximately 300 million tickets were sold, for which we did not receive a fee, using our Ticketmaster systems, including season seat packages, our venue clients box offices, and other channels. Our ticketing sales are impacted by fluctuations in the availability of events for sale to the public, which may vary depending upon event scheduling by our clients. As ticket sales increase, related ticketing operating income generally increases as well. 5 We sell tickets on behalf of our clients through our ticketing platforms across the world. We generally enter into written agreements with individual clients to provide primary ticketing services for specified multi-year periods, typically ranging from three to five years. Pursuant to these agreements, clients and their content partners generally determine and then tell us what tickets will be available for sale, when such tickets will go on sale to the public and what the ticket price will be, sometimes with our analytical support. Agreements with venue clients in North America and Australia generally grant us exclusive rights to sell tickets for all events presented at the relevant venue for which tickets are made available to the general public. Agreements with promoter clients in other international markets generally grant us the right to an allocation of tickets for events presented by a given promoter at any venue, unless that venue is already covered by an existing exclusive agreement with our ticketing business or another ticketing service provider. Similarly, in such international markets we have venue agreements which provide Ticketmaster an allocation of tickets for all events at those venues. While we generally have the right to sell a substantial portion of our clients tickets, venue and promoter clients often sell and distribute a portion of their tickets in-house through their box office and season ticket programs. In addition, under many written agreements between promoters and our clients, and generally subject to Ticketmaster approval, the client may allocate certain tickets for artist, promoter, agent and venue use and do not make those tickets available for sale by us. Due to these and other permitted third-party ticket distribution channels, we do not always sell all of our clients tickets, even at venues where we are the exclusive primary ticketing service provider, and the amount of tickets that we sell varies from client to client and from event to event, and also varies as to any given client from year to year. We pay our clients for the rights to sell certain tickets, generally in the form of upfront payments, a portion of service fee revenue and the portion of other services at low or no cost. We currently offer ticket resale services, sometimes referred to as secondary ticketing, principally through our integrated inventory platform, league/team platforms and other platforms internationally. We enter into arrangements with the holders of tickets previously distributed by a venue or other source to post those tickets for sale at a purchase price equal to a new sales price, determined by the ticket holder, plus a service fee paid by the buyer. The seller in this circumstance receives the new sales price less a seller service fee. Sponsorship Advertising . Our Sponsorship Advertising segment employs a sales force that creates and maintains relationships with sponsors through a combination of strategic, international, national and local opportunities that allow businesses to reach customers through our concert, festival, venue and ticketing assets, including advertising on our websites. We work with our corporate clients to help create marketing programs that support their business goals and connect their brands directly with fans and artists. We also develop, book and produce custom events or programs for our clients specific brands, which are typically presented exclusively to the clients consumers. These custom events can involve live music events with talent and media, using both online and traditional outlets. Including intersegment revenue, our Sponsorship Advertising business generated $1.3 billion, or 5%, of our total revenue during 2025. We typically experience higher revenue in the second and third quarters as a large portion of sponsorships are usually associated with our outdoor venues and festivals, which are primarily used in or occur from May through October. We expect our seasonality trends to evolve as we continue to expand our global operations. We believe that we have a unique opportunity to connect the music fan to corporate sponsors and therefore seek to optimize this relationship through strategic sponsorship programs. We continue to also pursue the sale of national and local sponsorships, both domestically and internationally, and placement of advertising, including signage, online advertising and promotional programs. Many of our venues have naming rights sponsorship programs. We believe national and international sponsorships allow us to maximize our network of venues and festivals and to arrange multi-venue or multi-festival branding opportunities for advertisers. Our local and venue-focused sponsorships include venue signage, promotional programs, onsite activation, hospitality and tickets, and are derived from a variety of client companies across various industry categories. Live Nation Venue Details In the live entertainment industry, venue types generally consist of: Stadiums Stadiums are multi-purpose facilities, often housing local sports teams. Stadiums typically have 30,000 or more seats. Although they are not specifically designed for live music, they are the largest venues available and have become increasingly popular for concerts. Amphitheaters Amphitheaters are generally outdoor venues with between 5,000 and 30,000 seats that are used primarily in the summer season. We believe they are popular because they are designed specifically for concert events, with premium seat packages and better lines of sight and acoustics. Arenas Arenas are indoor venues that are used as multi-purpose facilities, often housing local sports teams. Arenas typically have between 5,000 and 20,000 seats. Because they are indoors, they are able to offer amenities that other similar-sized outdoor venues cannot, such as luxury suites and premium club memberships. As a result, we believe they are popular for higher-priced concerts aimed at audiences willing to pay for these amenities. 6 Theaters Theaters are indoor venues that are built primarily for music events, but may include theatrical performances. These venues typically have a capacity of between 1,000 and 6,500. Theaters represent less risk to concert promoters because they have lower fixed costs associated with hosting a concert and may provide a more appropriately-sized venue for developing artists and more artists in general. Because these venues have a smaller capacity than an amphitheater or arena, they do not offer as much economic upside on a per show basis. Theaters can also be used year-round. Clubs Clubs are indoor venues that are built primarily for music events, but may also include comedy clubs. These venues typically have a capacity of less than 2,000 and often without full fixed seating. Because of their small size, they do not offer as much economic upside, but they also represent less risk to a concert promoter because they have lower fixed costs associated with hosting a concert and also may provide a more appropriately-sized venue for developing artists. Clubs can also be used year-round. This category includes our House of Blues and Brooklyn Bowl venues whose live music halls are specially designed to provide optimum acoustics and typically can accommodate between 1,000 to 2,000 guests. A full-service restaurant and bar is located adjacent to the live music hall. We believe that the strength of the brand and the quality of the food, service and unique atmosphere in our restaurants attract customers to these venues independently from a live music event and generate a significant amount of repeat business from local customers. Outdoor Spaces Outdoor spaces include green spaces, fields and parking lots that were not originally designed for live music and are temporarily adapted to host occasional events such as festivals and concerts. Outdoor spaces include festival sites used primarily in the summer season to stage large single-day or multi-day concert events featuring several artists on multiple stages. Depending on the location, festival site capacities can range from 10,000 to over 100,000 fans per day. We believe they are popular because of the value provided to the fan by packaging several artists together for an event. While festival sites only host a few events each year, they can provide higher operating income because we are able to generate income from many different services provided at the event. Other Venues Other venues includes restaurants and exhibition and convention halls that typically are not used for live music events. The following table summarizes the number of venues by type that we owned, other operated or had an equity interest over which we had a significant influence as of December 31, 2025: Venue Type Capacity Owned Other Operated (1) Equity Interest Total Stadium More than 30,000 1 9 1 11 Amphitheater 5,000 - 30,000 10 66 2 78 Arena 5,000 - 20,000 4 37 41 Theater 1,000 - 6,500 10 100 2 112 Club Less than 2,000 11 113 1 125 Outdoor Spaces (2) Varies 2 65 67 Other Venues Varies 2 22 2 26 Total venues in operation 40 412 8 460 Venues currently under construction 1 9 10 Venues not currently in operation 1 6 7 Total venues in operation by location: North America 24 301 8 333 International 16 111 127 __________ (1) Other operated includes leased venues, operated venues and venues where we have exclusive booking rights. (2) Outdoor spaces includes operated festival sites with multi-year agreements providing us the right to use public or private land for a defined period of time leading up to and continuing after the festival. We may enter into multiple agreements for a single festival site or use the same site for multiple festivals. We have aggregated the agreements for each festival site and reported them as one festival site. 7 Competition Competition in the live entertainment industry is intense. We believe that we compete primarily on the basis of our ability to deliver quality music events, sell tickets and provide enhanced fan and artist experiences. We believe that our primary strengths include: the quality of service delivered to our artists, fans, ticketing clients and corporate sponsors; our track record and reputation in promoting and producing live music events and tours both domestically and internationally; our artist relationships; our global footprint; the quality of our ticketing software and services; our ecommerce site and effective marketing capabilities; our diverse distribution platform of venues; the scope, effectiveness and expertise of our advertising and sponsorship programs; and our financial stability. Although we believe that our products and services currently compete favorably with respect to such factors, we cannot provide any assurance that we can maintain our competitive position against current and potential competitors, especially those with significantly greater brand recognition, or greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources. In the markets in which we promote music concerts, we face competition from other promoters and venue operators. We believe that barriers to entry into the promotion services business are low and that certain local promoters are increasingly expanding the geographic scope of their operations. Some of our competitors in the live music promotion industry are Anschutz Entertainment Group, or AEG, Another Planet Entertainment, CTS Eventim, Jam Productions, Ltd., I.M.P., Outback Presents and TEG Dainty in addition to numerous smaller regional companies and various casinos and venues in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. AEG operates under a number of different names including AEG Presents, Concerts West, Frontier Touring, Goldenvoice and Messina Touring Group. Some of our competitors in the live music industry have a stronger presence in certain markets, have access to other sports and entertainment venues and may have greater financial resources in those markets, which may enable them to gain a greater competitive advantage in relation to us. In markets where we own or operate a venue, we compete with other venues to serve artists likely to perform in that general region. Consequently, touring artists have various alternatives to our venues when scheduling tours. Our main competitors in venue management include Legends Global, Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp., The Nederlander Organization and Bowery Presents, in addition to numerous smaller regional companies in North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand. Some of our competitors in venue management may have more attractive or a greater number of venues in certain markets, and may have greater financial resources in those markets. The ticketing services industry includes the sale of tickets primarily through online and mobile channels, but also through telephone and ticket outlets. The transition to online and mobile ticket purchases has made it easier for technology-based companies to offer primary ticketing services and standalone, automated ticketing systems that enable venues to perform their own ticketing services or utilize self-ticketing systems. In the online environment, we compete with other websites, online event sites and ticketing companies to provide event information, sell tickets and provide other online services such as fan clubs and artist websites. We experience competition from other national, regional and local primary ticketing service providers to secure new venue clients and to reach fans for events. Resale, or secondary, ticketing services have created more aggressive buying of primary tickets whereby certain brokers are using automated internet bot technology to attempt to buy the best tickets when they go on sale, notwithstanding federal and state prohibitions. We actively develop and apply methods to mitigate the impact of these bots, however, the bot technology constantly evolves and changes. The internet allows fans and other ticket resellers to reach a vastly larger audience through the aggregation of inventory on resale websites and marketplaces, and provides consumers with more convenient access to tickets for a larger number and greater variety of events. 8 We also face significant and increasing competition from companies that sell self-ticketing systems, as well as from venues that choose to integrate self-ticketing systems into their existing operations or acquire primary ticketing service providers. Our competitors include primary ticketing companies such as Tickets.com, AXS, Paciolan, Inc., CTS Eventim AG, Eventbrite, eTix, SeatGeek, Ticketek and Fever; secondary ticketing companies such as StubHub, Vivid Seats, Viagogo and SeatGeek; and many others, including large technology and ecommerce companies that could enter these markets. Our main competitors at the local market level for sponsorships and advertising dollars include local sports teams, which often offer state-of-the-art venues, strong brand association and attractive local media packages, as well as festivals, theme parks and other local events. On the national level, our competitors include the major sports leagues that sell sponsorships combined with significant national media packages. Government Regulations We are subject to federal, state and local laws, both domestically and internationally, governing matters such as: privacy and the protection of personal or sensitive information; compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010 and similar regulations in other countries; primary ticketing and ticket resale services; construction, renovation and operation of our venues; licensing, permitting and zoning, including noise ordinances; human health, safety, security and sanitation requirements; the service of food and alcoholic beverages; working conditions, labor, minimum wage and hour, citizenship and employment laws; compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ( ADA ), the United Kingdom s Disability Discrimination Act of 1995 ( DDA ) and similar regulations in other countries; hazardous and non-hazardous waste and other environmental protection laws; sales and other taxes and withholding of taxes; marketing activities via the telephone and online; and historic landmark rules. We believe that we are materially in compliance with these laws. We are required to comply with federal, state and international laws regarding privacy and the storing, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of personally identifiable information and user data, an area that is increasingly subject to legislation and regulations in numerous jurisdictions around the world, including the European Union s GDPR (as defined and discussed below in Item 1A. Risk Factors) and the California Consumer Protection Act. In addition, the Digital Services Act ( DSA ) in the European Union came into force in November 2022 and the majority of its substantive provisions took effect in February 2024. The DSA imposes new obligations around illegal services or content on our sites, traceability of business users, and enhanced transparency measures. We are required to comply with the laws of the countries in which we operate and also the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010 regarding anti-bribery regulations. These regulations make it illegal for us to pay, promise to pay or receive money or anything of value to, or from, any government or foreign public official for the purpose of directly or indirectly obtaining or retaining business. This ban on illegal payments and bribes also applies to agents or intermediaries who use funds for purposes prohibited by the statute. From time to time, federal, state, local and international authorities and/or consumers commence investigations, inquiries or litigation with respect to our compliance with applicable consumer protection, advertising, unfair business practice, antitrust (and similar or related laws) and other laws, particularly as related to primary ticketing and ticket resale services. The regulations relating to our food service operations in our venues are many and complex. A variety of regulations at various governmental levels relating to the handling, preparation and serving of food, the cleanliness of food production facilities and the hygiene of food-handling personnel are enforced primarily at the local public health department level. 9 We also must comply with applicable licensing laws, as well as state and local service laws, commonly called dram shop statutes. Dram shop statutes generally prohibit serving alcoholic beverages to certain persons such as an individual who is intoxicated or a minor. If we violate dram shop laws, we may be liable to third parties for the acts of the customer. Although we generally hire outside vendors to provide these services at our larger operated venues and regularly sponsor training programs designed to minimize the likelihood of such a situation, we cannot guarantee that intoxicated or minor customers will not be served or that liability for their acts will not be imposed on us. We are also required to comply with the ADA, the DDA and certain state statutes and local ordinances that, among other things, require that places of public accommodation, including our websites as well as existing and newly constructed venues, be accessible to customers with disabilities. The ADA and the DDA require that venues be constructed to permit persons with disabilities full use of a live entertainment venue. The ADA and the DDA may also require that certain modifications be made to existing venues to make them accessible to customers and employees who are disabled. In order to comply with the ADA, the DDA and other similar ordinances, we may face substantial capital expenditures in the future. From time to time, governmental bodies have proposed legislation that could affect our business. For example, some legislatures have proposed laws in the past that would impose potential liability on us and other promoters and producers of live music events for entertainment taxes and for incidents that occur at our events, particularly relating to drugs and alcohol. Some jurisdictions have also proposed legislation that would restrict ticketing methods or mandate ticket practices. In addition, we and our venues are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, disposal, emission and release of hazardous and non-hazardous substances, as well as zoning and noise level restrictions which may affect, among other things, the hours of operations of and the type of events we can produce at our venues. Our People and Culture Bringing approximately 55,000 events to life and connecting over 805 million fans across all of our concerts and ticketing platforms, as we did in 2025, is a massive undertaking, made possible by our thousands of employees spread across 51 countries. Our teams come together every day to grow our business, and we recognize our people are the key to our success whether they re putting on a show at one of our venues, selling tickets, working with our brand partners or supporting our businesses in a myriad of other ways. Taking Care of Our Own Our core value with our employees is taking care of our own, which means a top priority is making sure that every employee can rely on us to go above just providing standard compensation and benefits by offering assistance for a range of planned and unplanned situations. We also ensure that our employees have direct access to senior executives to raise concerns and share ideas. Our programs are structured under eight core pillars, designed to support key life moments: Taking Care of Yourself : To support employee well-being, we offer flexible vacation time, free ticket perks, wellness resources such as in-house and on-demand virtual meditation, crisis support, crowdfunding networks, and sobriety and recovery support through our Sober Nation programs. In 2025, we added the Sabbatical Program to reward long standing employees and their commitment to the company. Taking Care of Your Health : Beyond a full suite of medical, dental and vision benefits, we provide access to telehealth and telemedicine platforms available to employees and their family members enrolled in our medical plan. Taking Care of Your Mental Health : Our mental well-being offerings include free virtual mental health coaching or therapy sessions, group support sessions, 24/7 counselor support line, and both in-person and virtual meditation and yoga sessions for all full-time and part-time employees. Taking Care of Your Family : We provide assistance with fertility needs such as egg-freezing, egg-donation and IVF, as well as adoption or surrogacy, primary caregiver leave for new parents, sick leave to care of loved ones, and leave for bereavement or end-of-life care. Taking Care of Your Career : Our School of Live learning and development center, located at our Los Angeles headquarters, supports employee career advancement through leadership development programs for mid-career employees and internal career coaching opportunities. In 2025, we expanded our learning portfolio with more than 20 new global, live, and on-demand courses designed to strengthen professional and operational capabilities across the organization. These offerings enhance access to scalable learning, professional development, and coaching opportunities for employees worldwide. We also provide recognition for successful patent applications and offer tuition reimbursement programs to support continuing education. 10 Taking Care of Your Wealth : We support employees long-term financial well-being through retirement benefits, including 401(k) or pension matching, a stock reimbursement program, and student loan repayment assistance. We also provide a minimum hourly wage of $20.00 for eligible part-time club and seasonal amphitheater staff based on tenure. Taking Care of Our Own : During life s most difficult moments, we offer employees financial support to help them through a variety of crises, including unexpected deaths, natural disasters, and escaping domestic violence. Taking Care of Others : We are committed to supporting the communities around us in meaningful ways. In addition to providing employees paid time off to volunteer locally, since March 2020 our Crew Nation Global Relief Fund has delivered over $16.5 million in financial support to more than 16,000 live music crew members across 51 countries. Our People We aspire to foster a workplace where all employees can contribute fully and feel valued. Some programs key to this mission include: Promotion and Pay : Ongoing reviews of positions and compensation with the goal of ensuring that all employees across Live Nation are paid appropriately and provided with promotion opportunities. Employee Resource Groups : Our employee-led groups, with executive leaders as sponsors, offer programming across our teams that promotes growth and connection through collaboration, professional development, networking, nonprofit support and community outreach. Our Workforce : As a global organization, we are committed to valuing and respecting all backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives that enrich our workforce, and reflect our artist community and fan base. Industry Engagement : We partner with various nonprofit organizations to launch music business intensive courses and paid internship programs to introduce the next generation of industry newcomers to the technical skills required to succeed in careers in the live industry. Human Capital Our compensation philosophy is focused on attracting and retaining talented individuals who contribute to our values and help lead our dynamic and innovative environment. To determine market-competitive pay for our employees, we use a combination of entertainment and technology industry benchmarks. We are committed to encouraging and rewarding pay-for-performance that is aligned with business objectives in the best interest of our shareholders for long-term growth and profitability. We further strive to reward individual achievements and contributions that are both aligned with and supportive of our short- and long-term goals and core business values. We believe that our efforts in these areas are working and contributing to the overall success of the Company, as evidenced by accolades such as obtaining recognition for the following: Great Place to Work certification (2017-19, 2022-25), Forbes World s Top Companies for Women (2023-2025), World s Best Employers List (2023-2025), America s Best Employers for Company Culture (2025), America s Best-in-State Employers (2025), America s Best Employers For Women (2022-2023, 2025), America's Best Employers for New Grads (2022-25), America s Best Large Employers List (2022-25), Most Trusted Companies in America (2026), and America s Dream Employers List (2025-26), TIME s World s Best Companies (2023, 2025), 100 Most Influential Companies (2023), and America s Growth Leaders (2025), placing on Newsweek s America s Best of the Best (2024), America's Greatest Workplaces for Parents Families (2024-25), America's Greatest Workplaces (2023-25), America's Greatest Workplaces for Job Starters (2024), America s Greatest Workplaces for Mental Well-being (2025), America's Greatest Workplaces for Women (2024-25), America s Greatest Workplaces for Diversity (2024-25), America s Greatest Workplaces for Culture, Belonging Community (2026), and Fortune s World s Most Admired Companies List (2018-21, 2024-26), Sector Leaders (2024), Most Innovative Companies List (2024-25) and 500 List (2010-2020, 2023-25). As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 17,700 full-time employees. Our staffing needs vary significantly throughout the year and we also employ seasonal and part-time employees, primarily for our live music venues and festivals. At the end of 2025, we employed approximately 17,000 seasonal and part-time employees and during peak seasonal periods, particularly in the summer months, we employed as many as 37,000 seasonal and part-time employees in 2025. 11 Labor Relations The stagehands at some of our venues and other employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. Our union agreements typically have a term of three years and thus regularly expire and require negotiation in the course of our business. We believe that we have good relationships with our employees and other unionized labor involved in our events, and there have been no related significant work stoppages in the past three years. Upon the expiration of any of our collective bargaining agreements, however, we may be unable to renegotiate on terms favorable to us, and our business operations at one or more of our facilities may be interrupted as a result of labor disputes or difficulties and delays in the process of renegotiating our collective bargaining agreements. In addition, our business operations at one or more of our facilities may also be interrupted as a result of labor disputes by outside unions attempting to unionize a venue even though we do not have unionized labor at that venue currently. A work stoppage at one or more of our owned or operated venues or at our promoted events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot predict the effect that a potential work stoppage will have on our business operations. Information About Our Executive Officers Set forth below are the names, ages and current positions of our executive officers and other significant employees as of February 12, 2026. Name Age Position Michael Rapino 60 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Omar Al-Joulani 48 President Touring Joe Berchtold 61 President and Chief Financial Officer Brian Capo 59 Senior Vice President Chief Accounting Officer Liz Dyer 40 Senior Vice President Human Resources Arthur Fogel 72 Chairman Global Music and President Global Touring Matthew Hansen 44 Chief Strategy Officer Kaitlyn Henrich 35 Senior Vice President Corporate Communications and Social Impact John Hopmans 67 Executive Vice President Mergers and Acquisitions and Strategic Finance Saumil Mehta 43 President Ticketmaster Bob Roux 68 President U.S. Concerts Michael Rowles 60 General Counsel and Secretary Russell Wallach 60 President Sponsorship and Advertising Michael Wichser 47 Chief Operating Officer Ticketmaster Jordan Zachary 43 Global President Venue Nation Michael Rapino is our President and Chief Executive Officer and has served in this capacity since August 2005. He has also served on our board of directors since December 2005. Mr. Rapino has worked for us or our predecessors since 1999. Omar Al-Joulani is our President of Touring and has served in this capacity since September 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Al-Joulani served in various North America touring roles since joining us in March 2010. Joe Berchtold is our President and Chief Financial Officer. He has served as President since December 2017 and Chief Financial Officer since July 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Berchtold served as our Chief Operating Officer since joining us in April 2011. Brian Capo is our Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer and has served in this capacity since joining us in December 2007. Liz Dyer is our Senior Vice President of Human Resources and has served in this capacity since September 2020. Prior to that, Ms. Dyer served in various human resources roles since joining us in April 2016. Arthur Fogel is the Chairman of our Global Music group and President of our Global Touring division and has served in these capacities since 2005. Mr. Fogel has worked for us or our predecessors since 1999. 12 Matthew Hansen is our Chief Strategy Officer and has served in this capacity since August 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Hansen served in various strategic initiatives and operations roles since joining us in February 2012. Kaitlyn Henrich is our Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Social Impact and has served in this capacity since January 2022. Prior to that, Ms. Henrich served in various corporate communications roles since joining us in January 2016. John Hopmans is our Executive Vice President of Mergers and Acquisitions and Strategic Finance and has served in this capacity since joining us in April 2008. Saumil Mehta is President of Ticketmaster and has served in this capacity since October 2025. Bob Roux is President of our U.S. Concerts division and has served in this capacity since October 2010. Mr. Roux has worked for us or our predecessors since 1990. Michael Rowles is our General Counsel and has served in this capacity since joining us in March 2006 and as our Secretary since May 2007. Russell Wallach is President of our Sponsorship and Advertising division and has served in this capacity since July 2006. Mr. Wallach has worked for us or our predecessors since 1996. Michael Wichser is our Chief Operating Officer of Ticketmaster and has served in this capacity since January 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Wichser served in various mergers and acquisitions and strategy and development roles since joining us in September 2014. Jordan Zachary is our Global President of Venue Nation and has served in this capacity since January 2025. Prior to that, Mr. Zachary served as Co-President of U.S. Concerts and President of Regions U.S. Concerts since April 2021, and in various strategy and development roles since joining us in April 2015. Available Information We are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any materials we have filed with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Our filings with the SEC are also available to the public through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . You can find more information about us online at our investor relations website located at www.investors.livenationentertainment.com . Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with the SEC. The information posted on or accessible through our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this Annual Report. The following risks relate principally to our business and operations, our leverage and our common stock. If any of the risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. Risks Relating to Our Business and the Live Events and Ticketing Industries Our business is highly sensitive to public tastes and is dependent on our ability to secure popular artists and other live music events, and we and our ticketing clients may be unable to anticipate or respond to changes in consumer preferences, which may result in decreased demand for our services. Our business is highly sensitive to rapidly changing public tastes and is dependent on the availability of popular artists and events. Our live entertainment business depends in part on our ability to anticipate the tastes of consumers and to offer events that appeal to them. Since we rely on unrelated parties to create and perform at live music events, any unwillingness to tour or lack of availability of popular artists could limit our ability to generate revenue. In particular, there are a limited number of artists that can headline a major North American or global tour or who can sell out larger venues. If those artists do not choose to tour, or if we are unable to secure the rights to their future tours, then our concerts business would be adversely affected. Our artist management business could be adversely affected if the artists it represents do not tour or perform as frequently as anticipated, or if such tours or performances are not as widely attended by fans as anticipated due to changing tastes, general economic conditions or otherwise. Our ticketing business relies on third parties to create and perform live entertainment, sporting and leisure events and to price tickets to such events. Accordingly, our ticketing business success 13 depends, in part, upon the ability of these third parties to correctly anticipate public demand for particular events, as well as the availability of popular artists, entertainers and teams. In addition, our live entertainment business typically books our live music tours four to eight months in advance of the beginning of the tour and often agrees to pay an artist a fixed guaranteed amount prior to our receiving any revenue. Therefore, if the public is not receptive to the tour, or we or an artist cancel the tour, we may incur a loss for the tour depending on the amount of the fixed guarantee or incurred costs relative to any revenue earned, as well as lost revenue we could have earned at booked venues. We have cancellation insurance policies in place to cover a portion of our losses if an artist cancels a tour but such policies may not be sufficient and are subject to deductibles. Furthermore, consumer preferences change from time to time, and our failure to anticipate, identify or react to these changes could result in reduced demand for our services, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business depends on relationships between key promoters, executives, agents, managers, artists and clients and any adverse changes in these relationships could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The live music business is uniquely dependent upon personal relationships, as promoters and executives within live music companies such as ours leverage their existing network of relationships with artists, agents and managers in order to secure the rights to the live music tours and events which are critical to our success. Due to the importance of those industry contacts to our business, the loss of any of our promoters, officers or other key personnel could adversely affect our business. Although we have entered into long-term agreements with many of those individuals described above to protect our interests in those relationships, we can give no assurance that all or any of these key employees or managers will remain with us or will retain their associations with key business contacts, including music artists, as some agreements between a manager and an artist are not for a fixed period of time and are instead terminable at will. The success of our ticketing business depends, in significant part, on our ability to maintain and renew relationships with existing clients and to establish new client relationships. We anticipate that, for the foreseeable future, the substantial majority of our Ticketing segment revenue will be derived from both online and mobile sales of tickets. We also expect that revenue from primary ticketing services, which consists primarily of our portion of per ticket convenience charges and per order service fees, will continue to comprise the substantial majority of our Ticketing segment revenue. We cannot provide assurances that we will be able to maintain existing client contracts, or enter into or maintain new client contracts, on acceptable terms, if at all, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Another important component of our success is our ability to maintain existing and to build new relationships with third-party distribution channels, advertisers, sponsors and service providers. Any adverse change in these relationships, including the inability of these parties to fulfill their obligations to our businesses for any reason, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We face intense competition in the live music and ticketing industries, and we may not be able to maintain or increase our current revenue, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our businesses are in highly competitive industries, and we may not be able to maintain or increase our current revenue due to such competition. The live music industry competes with other forms of entertainment for consumers discretionary spending and within this industry we compete with other venues to book artists, and, in the markets in which we promote music concerts, we face competition from other promoters and venue operators. Our competitors compete with us for key employees who have relationships with popular music artists and who have a history of being able to book such artists for concerts and tours. These competitors may engage in more extensive development efforts, undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies and make more attractive offers to existing and potential artists. Due to increasing artist influence and competition to attract and maintain artist clients, we may enter into agreements on terms that are less favorable to us, which could negatively impact our financial results. Our competitors may develop services, advertising options or music venues that are equal or superior to those we provide or that achieve greater market acceptance and brand recognition than we achieve. Within the live music industry, our artist management business also competes with numerous other artist management companies and individual managers in the United States alone, both to discover new and emerging artists and to represent established artists. Across the live music industry, it is possible that new competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share. Our ticketing business faces significant competition from other national, regional and local primary ticketing service providers to secure new and retain existing clients on a continuous basis. Additionally, we face significant and increasing challenges from companies that sell self-ticketing systems and from clients who choose to self-ticket, through the integration of such systems into their existing operations or the acquisition of primary ticket services providers or by increasing sales through venue box offices and season and subscription sales. We also face competition in the resale of tickets from resale marketplaces and from other ticket resellers with online distribution capabilities. The advent of new technology, particularly as it relates to online ticketing, has amplified this competition. The intense competition that we face in the ticketing industry could cause the volume of our ticketing services business to decline. As we are also a content provider and venue operator we may face direct 14 competition with our prospective or current primary ticketing clients, who primarily include live event content providers. This direct competition with our prospective or current primary ticketing clients could result in a decline in the number of ticketing clients we have and a decline in the volume of our ticketing business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the secondary ticket sales market, we have restrictions on our business that are not faced by our competitors, imposed as a result of agreements entered into with the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ), the Attorneys General of several individual states, and various international governing bodies. These restrictions include: a requirement to clearly and conspicuously disclose on any primary ticketing website where a link or redirect to a resale website owned or controlled by us is posted, that the link is directing the user to a resale website and that ticket prices often exceed the ticket s original price; and a requirement to make certain clear and conspicuous disclosures and in certain instances disclose when a ticket being offered for resale is not in-hand as well as a requirement to monitor and enforce the compliance of third parties offering tickets on our websites with such disclosure requirements. There are certain state laws that now ban such speculative ticket listings, and the New York Attorney General has in the past brought lawsuits against resale companies for these practices; we do not, however, allow the use of such speculative ticketing practices on our websites. Other variables related to the competitive environment that could adversely affect our financial performance by, among other things, leading to decreases in overall revenue, the number of sponsors, event attendance, ticket prices and fees or profit margins include: an increased level of competition for advertising dollars, which may lead to lower sponsorships as we attempt to retain advertisers or which may cause us to lose advertisers to our competitors offering better programs that we are unable or unwilling to match; unfavorable fluctuations in operating costs, including increased guarantees to artists, which we may be unwilling or unable to pass through to our customers via higher ticket prices; inability or unwillingness to fund the significant up-front cash requirements associated with our touring and ticketing businesses due to insufficient cash on hand or capacity under our senior secured credit facility, which could result in the loss of key tours to competitors or the inability to secure and retain ticketing clients; competitors offerings that may include more favorable terms than we do in order to obtain agreements for new venues or ticketing arrangements or to obtain events for the venues they operate; technological changes and innovations that we are unable to adopt or are late in adopting that offer more attractive entertainment alternatives than we or other live entertainment providers currently offer, which may lead to a reduction in attendance at live events, a loss of ticket sales or lower ticket fees; and other entertainment options available to our audiences that we do not offer. Our success depends, in significant part, on entertainment, sporting and leisure events and economic and other factors adversely affecting such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. A decline in attendance at or reduction in the number of live entertainment, sporting and leisure events may have an adverse effect on our revenue and operating income. In addition, during periods of economic slowdown and recession, many consumers have historically reduced their discretionary spending and advertisers have reduced their advertising expenditures. The impact of economic slowdowns on our business is difficult to predict, but they may result in reductions in ticket sales, sponsorship opportunities and our ability to generate revenue. The risks associated with our businesses may become more acute in periods of a slowing economy or recession, which may be accompanied by a decrease in attendance at live entertainment, sporting and leisure events. Many of the factors affecting the number and availability of live entertainment, sporting and leisure events are beyond our control. For instance, certain sports leagues have experienced labor disputes leading to threatened or actual player lockouts. Any such lockouts that result in shortened or canceled seasons would adversely impact our business to the extent that we provide ticketing services to the affected teams both due to the loss of games and ticketing opportunities as well as the possibility of decreased attendance following such a lockout due to adverse fan reaction. Our business depends on discretionary consumer and corporate spending. Many factors related to corporate spending and discretionary consumer spending, including economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as unemployment levels, fuel prices, interest rates, changes in tax rates and tax laws that impact companies or individuals, and inflation can significantly impact our operating results. Business conditions, as well as various industry conditions, including corporate marketing and promotional spending and interest levels, can also significantly impact our operating results. These factors can affect attendance at our events, premium seat sales, sponsorship, advertising and hospitality spending, concession and merchandise sales, as well as the financial results of sponsors of our venues, events and the industry. Negative factors such as challenging economic conditions and public concerns over terrorism and security incidents, particularly when combined, can impact corporate and consumer spending, and one negative factor can impact our results more than another. There can be no assurance that consumer and corporate spending will not be adversely impacted by current economic conditions, or by any future deterioration in economic conditions, thereby possibly impacting our operating results and growth. 15 We are dependent upon our ability to lease, acquire and develop live music venues, and if we are unable to do so on acceptable terms, or at all, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our Concerts and Sponsorship Advertising segments require access to venues to generate revenue from live music events. For these events, we use venues that we own, as well as a number of live music venues under various agreements which include leases with third parties, ownership through an equity interest or booking agreements, which are agreements where we contract to book the events at a venue for a specific period of time. Our long-term success in the live music business will depend in part on the availability of venues, our ability to lease these venues and our ability to enter into booking agreements upon their expiration. As many of these agreements are with third parties over whom we have little or no control, we may be unable to renew these agreements or enter into new agreements on acceptable terms or at all, and may be unable to obtain favorable agreements with venues. Our ability to renew these agreements or obtain new agreements on favorable terms depends on a number of other factors, many of which are also beyond our control, such as national and local business conditions and competition from other promoters. If the cost of renewing these agreements is too high or the terms of any new agreement with a new venue are unacceptable or incompatible with our existing operations, we may decide to forego these opportunities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew these agreements on acceptable terms or at all, or that we will be able to obtain attractive agreements with substitute venues, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We may continue to expand our operations through the development of live music venues and the expansion of existing live music venues, which poses a number of risks, including: construction of live music venues may result in cost overruns, delays or unanticipated expenses; desirable sites for live music venues may be unavailable or costly; the attractiveness of our current venues may deteriorate over time; and competition may impact our ability to earn attractive returns on our investments. Growth or maintenance of our existing revenue depends in part on consistent investment in our venues. Therefore, we expect to continue to make substantial capital improvements to meet long-term increasing demand, improve value and grow revenue. We frequently have a number of significant capital projects underway. Numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, may influence the ultimate costs and timing of various capital improvements. The amount of capital expenditures can vary significantly from year to year. In addition, actual costs could vary materially from our estimates if our assumptions about the quality of materials, equipment or workmanship required or the cost of financing such expenditures were to change. Construction is also subject to governmental permitting processes which, if changed, could materially affect the ultimate cost. Additionally, the market potential of live music venue sites cannot be precisely determined, and our live music venues may face competition in markets from unexpected sources. Newly constructed live music venues may not perform up to our expectations. We face significant competition for potential live music venue locations and for opportunities to acquire existing live music venues. Because of this competition, we may be unable to add to or maintain the number of our live music venues on terms we consider acceptable. There is the risk of personal injuries and accidents in connection with our live music events, which could subject us to personal injury or other claims and increase our expenses, as well as reduce attendance at our live music events, causing a decrease in our revenue. There are inherent risks involved with producing live music events. As a result, personal injuries and accidents have occurred, and may in the future occur, from time to time, which could subject us to claims and liabilities for personal injuries. Incidents in connection with our live music events at any of our venues or festival sites that we own or rent could also result in claims, reducing operating income or reducing attendance at our events, which could cause a decrease in our revenue. We have been subject to wrongful death claims and are currently subject to other litigation. In addition, while we have security protocols in place at our events, illegal drug use or alcohol consumption at our events could result in negative publicity, adverse consequences (including illness, injury or death) to the persons engaged in such activities or others, and litigation against us. While we maintain insurance policies that provide coverage within limits that are sufficient, in management s judgment, to protect us from material financial loss for personal injuries sustained by persons at our venues or events or accidents in the ordinary course of business, there can be no assurance that such insurance will be adequate at all times and in all circumstances. For instance, on November 5, 2021, the Astroworld music festival was held in Houston, Texas. During the course of the festival, ten members of the audience sustained fatal injuries and others suffered non-fatal injuries. Following these events, hundreds of civil lawsuits were filed against Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. and related entities, asserting insufficient crowd control and other theories, seeking compensatory and punitive damages. All lawsuits relating to Astroworld have been resolved since early 2025. We incurred losses in excess of our insurance recovery in connection with those lawsuits. 16 Poor weather adversely affects attendance at our live music events, which could negatively impact our financial performance from period to period. We promote and/or ticket many live music events. Weather conditions surrounding these events affect sales of tickets, concessions and merchandise, among other things. Poor weather conditions can have a material effect on our results of operations particularly because we promote and/or ticket a finite number of events. Increased weather variability due to climate change exacerbates weather-related issues we face. Due to weather conditions, we may be required to cancel or reschedule an event to another available day or a different venue, which would increase our costs for the event and could negatively impact the attendance at the event, as well as concession and merchandise sales. Poor weather can affect current periods as well as successive events in future periods. Risks Relating to Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Intellectual Property The success of our ticketing business and other operations depends, in part, on the integrity of our systems and infrastructure, as well as affiliate and third-party computer systems, computer networks and other communication systems. System interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in these systems and infrastructure may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. System interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in the information systems and infrastructure, both of our own ticketing systems and other computer systems and of affiliate and third-party software, computer networks and other communications systems service providers on which we rely, may adversely affect our ability to operate websites, process and fulfill transactions, respond to customer inquiries and generally maintain cost-efficient operations. Such interruptions could occur by virtue of natural disaster, malicious actions such as hacking or acts of terrorism or war, or human error. In addition, the loss of some or all of certain key personnel could require us to expend additional resources to continue to maintain our software and systems and could subject us to systems interruptions. The large infrastructure plant that is required to operate our systems requires an ongoing investment of time, money and effort to maintain or refresh hardware and software and to ensure it remains at a level capable of servicing the demand and volume of business that Ticketmaster receives. Failure to do so may result in system instability, degradation in performance, or unfixable security vulnerabilities that could adversely impact both the business and the consumers utilizing our services. While we have backup systems for certain aspects of our operations, disaster recovery planning by its nature cannot be sufficient for all eventualities. In addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a major interruption. If any of these adverse events were to occur, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Data loss or other breaches of our network security could materially harm our business and results of operations, and the processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal or sensitive information could give rise to liabilities and additional costs as a result of governmental regulation, litigation and conflicting legal requirements relating to personal privacy rights. Due to the nature of our business, we process, store, use, transfer and disclose certain personal or sensitive information about our customers and employees. Penetration of our network or other misappropriation or misuse of personal or sensitive information and data, including credit card information and other personally identifiable information, could cause interruptions in our operations and subject us to increased costs, litigation, inquiries and actions from governmental authorities, and financial or other liabilities. In addition, security breaches, incidents or the inability to protect information could lead to increased incidents of ticketing fraud and counterfeit tickets. Security breaches and incidents could also significantly damage our reputation with consumers, ticketing clients and other third parties, and could result in significant costs related to remediation efforts, such as credit or identity theft monitoring. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect customer and employee information and to prevent security breaches or incidents (which could result in data loss or other harm or loss), such measures cannot provide absolute security or certainty. It is possible that advances in computer and hacker capabilities, new variants of malware, the development of new penetration methods and tools, inadvertent violations of company policies or procedures or other developments could result in a compromise of customer or employee information or a breach of the technology and security processes that are used to protect customer and employee information. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, automate or expedite transactions or other activities on our platform, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems (or otherwise bring about one or more of these effects) may change frequently and as a result, may be difficult for our business to detect for long periods of time and may impact the efficacy of our defenses and/or the products and services we provide. In addition, despite our best efforts, we may be unaware of or unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We have expended significant capital and other resources to protect against and remedy such potential security breaches, incidents and their consequences, and will continue to do so in the future, including the establishment of a dedicated cybersecurity organization within our larger technology environment, as well as cybersecurity roles in critical business areas. 17 We also face risks associated with security breaches and incidents affecting third parties with which we are affiliated or with which we otherwise conduct business. In particular, hardware, software or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain, and have contained, defects in design or manufacture and/or may pose a security risk that could unexpectedly compromise information security, but none of which have been material to date. Consumers are generally concerned with the security and privacy of the internet, and any publicized security problems affecting our businesses and/or third parties may discourage consumers from doing business with us, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition to the above concerns related to network and data security, the collection, transfer, use, disclosure, security and retention of personal or sensitive information and other user data are governed by existing and evolving federal, state and international laws. We have expended significant capital and other resources to keep abreast of the evolving privacy landscape, including the establishment of a dedicated global privacy organization within our legal team. However, our business could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are expanded to require changes in business practices or policies (including, for example, practices or policies regarding the collection, transfer, use, disclosure, security, and retention of personal or sensitive information), or if governing jurisdictions interpret or implement legislation or regulations in a manner which negatively affects our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Due to the changes in the data privacy regulatory environment, we may incur additional costs and challenges to our business that restrict or limit our ability to collect, transfer, use, disclose, secure, or retain personal or sensitive information. These changes in data privacy laws may require us to modify our current or future products, services, programs, practices or policies, which may in turn impact the products and services available to our customers. Regulators and government enforcement actions worldwide are imposing significant fines against companies for data privacy violations. Our business operations, including our ticketing business, involve the collection, transfer, use, disclosure, security, and disposal of personal or sensitive information in various locations around the world, including the European Union ( E.U. ), where the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) governs data privacy and can result in the imposition of significant fines and penalties. In addition, following the withdrawal of the United Kingdom ( U.K. ) from the E.U. on December 31, 2020, we were required to separately comply with the U.K. s data protection law, under which additional fines and penalties could be imposed independent of the GDPR. U.K. data protection law has continued to evolve and, notwithstanding the current E.U. decision that allows data to be transferred from the E.U. to the U.K., we anticipate additional changes to U.K. data protection law within the next 12-18 months. In the United States, several states (including California, Virginia, and Colorado) have required us to update our policies and procedures to continue to protect data as required under those laws. State and federal legislators in the United States continue to consider, and enact, new privacy laws, which may require further updates to ensure compliance. Other jurisdictions in which we have operations, including Asia, India, Mexico and South America have also become active with privacy legislation. Additional changes to data privacy laws and regulations around the world could lead to additional compliance costs and could increase our overall risk. As we expand our operations into new jurisdictions, the costs associated with compliance with applicable local data privacy laws and regulations increases. It is possible that government or industry regulation in these markets will require us to deviate from our standard processes and/or make changes to our products, services and operations, which will increase operational cost and risk. Our failure or the failure of the various third-party vendors and service providers with which we are affiliated or otherwise conduct business to comply with applicable federal, state or international laws and regulations and/or to comply with our privacy policies and/or or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized collection, transfer, use or disclosure of personal or sensitive information or other user data may result in negative publicity resulting in reputation or brand damage, may discourage potential users from purchasing tickets or trying our products and services, and may result in proceedings/fines by governmental agencies and/or private litigation brought by consumers; the realization of one or all of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing upon intellectual property rights of third parties. We regard our intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks and domain names, copyrights, trade secrets and similar intellectual property (as applicable) as critical to our success. We also rely heavily upon software codes, informational databases and other components that make up our products and services. We have been granted trademark registrations and patents and also have trademark and patent applications pending with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and/or various foreign authorities for various proprietary trademarks, technologies and other inventions. Any patent or trademark application filed may not result in a patent or trademark registration being issued, or existing or future patents or trademarks may not be adjudicated valid by a court or be afforded adequate protection against competitors. Likewise, the issuance of a patent or trademark registration to us does not mean that its processes, inventions or trademark will not be found to infringe upon rights previously issued to third parties. We rely on a 18 combination of laws and contractual restrictions with employees, customers, suppliers, affiliates and others to establish and protect these proprietary rights. Despite these precautions, it may be possible for a third party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property without authorization which, if discovered, might require legal action to correct. In addition, third parties may independently develop substantially similar intellectual properties, but depending on how similar they are, we may take action against those third parties as described below. From time to time, we are subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including claims of alleged infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties. Our failure to protect our intellectual property rights in a meaningful manner or challenges to related contractual rights could result in erosion of brand names or other intellectual property and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Therefore, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Relating to Governmental Regulation and Litigation We operate in international markets which subject us to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic risks and conditions specific to such markets, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We provide services in various jurisdictions abroad through a number of brands and businesses that we own and operate, as well as through joint ventures, and we expect to continue to expand our international presence. We face, and expect to continue to face, additional risks in the case of our existing and future international operations, including: political instability, adverse changes in diplomatic relations and unfavorable economic and business conditions in the markets in which we currently have international operations or into which we may expand, particularly in the case of emerging markets; more restrictive or otherwise unfavorable government regulation of the live entertainment and ticketing industries, which could result in increased compliance costs and/or otherwise restrict the manner in which we provide services and the amount of related fees charged for such services; limitations on the enforcement of intellectual property rights; limitations on the ability of foreign subsidiaries to repatriate profits or otherwise remit earnings; adverse tax consequences due both to the complexity of operating across multiple tax regimes as well as changes in, or new interpretations of, international tax treaties and structures; expropriations of property and risks of renegotiation or modification of existing agreements with governmental authorities; diminished ability to legally enforce our contractual rights in foreign countries; limitations on technology infrastructure, which could limit our ability to migrate international operations to a common ticketing system; variability in venue security standards and accepted practices; lower levels of internet usage, credit card usage and consumer spending in comparison to those in the United States; and difficulties in managing operations and adapting to consumer desires due to distance, language and cultural differences, including issues associated with (i) business practices and customs that are common in certain foreign countries but might be prohibited by United States law and our internal policies and procedures, and (ii) management and operational systems and infrastructures, including internal financial control and reporting systems and functions, staffing and managing of foreign operations, which we might not be able to do effectively or cost-efficiently. As we expand into new markets these risks will be intensified and will have the potential to impact a greater percentage of our business and operating results. Our ability to expand our international operations into new jurisdictions, or further into existing jurisdictions, will depend, in significant part, on our ability to identify potential acquisition candidates, joint venture or other partners, and enter into arrangements with these parties on favorable terms, as well as our ability to make continued investments to maintain and grow existing international operations. If the revenue generated by international operations is insufficient to offset expenses incurred in connection with the maintenance and growth of these operations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, in an effort to make international operations in one or more given jurisdictions profitable over the long term, significant additional investments that are not profitable over the short term could be required over a prolonged period. In foreign countries in which we operate, a risk exists that our employees, contractors or agents could, in contravention of our policies, engage in business practices prohibited by applicable United States laws and regulations, such as the United States 19 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as well as the laws and regulations of other countries prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials such as the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010. We maintain policies prohibiting such business practices and have in place global anti-corruption compliance and training programs designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations. Nevertheless, the risk remains that one or more of our employees, contractors or agents, including those based in or from countries where practices that violate such United States laws and regulations or the laws and regulations of other countries may be customary, as well as those associated with newly-acquired businesses, will engage in business practices that are prohibited by our policies, circumvent our compliance programs and, by doing so, violate such laws and regulations. Any such violations, even if prohibited by our internal policies, could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us and/or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and damage to our reputation, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to extensive governmental regulation, and our failure to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations are subject to federal, state and local statutes, rules, regulations, policies and procedures, both domestically and internationally, which are subject to change at any time, governing matters such as: privacy laws and protection of personal or sensitive information, as more particularly described above under the risk factor related to our processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal or sensitive information; compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010 and similar regulations in other countries, as more particularly described above under the risk factor related to our international operations; primary ticketing and ticket resale services; construction, renovation and operation of our venues; licensing, permitting and zoning, including noise ordinances; human health, safety, security and sanitation requirements; the service of food and alcoholic beverages; working conditions, labor, minimum wage and hour, citizenship and employment laws; compliance with the ADA and the DDA; hazardous and non-hazardous waste and other environmental prote