=== LYV_2026-02-19.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this Annual Report. The following risks relate principally to our business and operations, our leverage and our common stock. If any of the risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. Risks Relating to Our Business and the Live Events and Ticketing Industries Our business is highly sensitive to public tastes and is dependent on our ability to secure popular artists and other live music events, and we and our ticketing clients may be unable to anticipate or respond to changes in consumer preferences, which may result in decreased demand for our services. Our business is highly sensitive to rapidly changing public tastes and is dependent on the availability of popular artists and events. Our live entertainment business depends in part on our ability to anticipate the tastes of consumers and to offer events that appeal to them. Since we rely on unrelated parties to create and perform at live music events, any unwillingness to tour or lack of availability of popular artists could limit our ability to generate revenue. In particular, there are a limited number of artists that can headline a major North American or global tour or who can sell out larger venues. If those artists do not choose to tour, or if we are unable to secure the rights to their future tours, then our concerts business would be adversely affected. Our artist management business could be adversely affected if the artists it represents do not tour or perform as frequently as anticipated, or if such tours or performances are not as widely attended by fans as anticipated due to changing tastes, general economic conditions or otherwise. Our ticketing business relies on third parties to create and perform live entertainment, sporting and leisure events and to price tickets to such events. Accordingly, our ticketing business’ success 13 depends, in part, upon the ability of these third parties to correctly anticipate public demand for particular events, as well as the availability of popular artists, entertainers and teams. In addition, our live entertainment business typically books our live music tours four to eight months in advance of the beginning of the tour and often agrees to pay an artist a fixed guaranteed amount prior to our receiving any revenue. Therefore, if the public is not receptive to the tour, or we or an artist cancel the tour, we may incur a loss for the tour depending on the amount of the fixed guarantee or incurred costs relative to any revenue earned, as well as lost revenue we could have earned at booked venues. We have cancellation insurance policies in place to cover a portion of our losses if an artist cancels a tour but such policies may not be sufficient and are subject to deductibles. Furthermore, consumer preferences change from time to time, and our failure to anticipate, identify or react to these changes could result in reduced demand for our services, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business depends on relationships between key promoters, executives, agents, managers, artists and clients and any adverse changes in these relationships could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The live music business is uniquely dependent upon personal relationships, as promoters and executives within live music companies such as ours leverage their existing network of relationships with artists, agents and managers in order to secure the rights to the live music tours and events which are critical to our success. Due to the importance of those industry contacts to our business, the loss of any of our promoters, officers or other key personnel could adversely affect our business. Although we have entered into long-term agreements with many of those individuals described above to protect our interests in those relationships, we can give no assurance that all or any of these key employees or managers will remain with us or will retain their associations with key business contacts, including music artists, as some agreements between a manager and an artist are not for a fixed period of time and are instead terminable at will. The success of our ticketing business depends, in significant part, on our ability to maintain and renew relationships with existing clients and to establish new client relationships. We anticipate that, for the foreseeable future, the substantial majority of our Ticketing segment revenue will be derived from both online and mobile sales of tickets. We also expect that revenue from primary ticketing services, which consists primarily of our portion of per ticket convenience charges and per order service fees, will continue to comprise the substantial majority of our Ticketing segment revenue. We cannot provide assurances that we will be able to maintain existing client contracts, or enter into or maintain new client contracts, on acceptable terms, if at all, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Another important component of our success is our ability to maintain existing and to build new relationships with third-party distribution channels, advertisers, sponsors and service providers. Any adverse change in these relationships, including the inability of these parties to fulfill their obligations to our businesses for any reason, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We face intense competition in the live music and ticketing industries, and we may not be able to maintain or increase our current revenue, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our businesses are in highly competitive industries, and we may not be able to maintain or increase our current revenue due to such competition. The live music industry competes with other forms of entertainment for consumers’ discretionary spending and within this industry we compete with other venues to book artists, and, in the markets in which we promote music concerts, we face competition from other promoters and venue operators. Our competitors compete with us for key employees who have relationships with popular music artists and who have a history of being able to book such artists for concerts and tours. These competitors may engage in more extensive development efforts, undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies and make more attractive offers to existing and potential artists. Due to increasing artist influence and competition to attract and maintain artist clients, we may enter into agreements on terms that are less favorable to us, which could negatively impact our financial results. Our competitors may develop services, advertising options or music venues that are equal or superior to those we provide or that achieve greater market acceptance and brand recognition than we achieve. Within the live music industry, our artist management business also competes with numerous other artist management companies and individual managers in the United States alone, both to discover new and emerging artists and to represent established artists. Across the live music industry, it is possible that new competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share. Our ticketing business faces significant competition from other national, regional and local primary ticketing service providers to secure new and retain existing clients on a continuous basis. Additionally, we face significant and increasing challenges from companies that sell self-ticketing systems and from clients who choose to self-ticket, through the integration of such systems into their existing operations or the acquisition of primary ticket services providers or by increasing sales through venue box offices and season and subscription sales. We also face competition in the resale of tickets from resale marketplaces and from other ticket resellers with online distribution capabilities. The advent of new technology, particularly as it relates to online ticketing, has amplified this competition. The intense competition that we face in the ticketing industry could cause the volume of our ticketing services business to decline. As we are also a content provider and venue operator we may face direct 14 competition with our prospective or current primary ticketing clients, who primarily include live event content providers. This direct competition with our prospective or current primary ticketing clients could result in a decline in the number of ticketing clients we have and a decline in the volume of our ticketing business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the secondary ticket sales market, we have restrictions on our business that are not faced by our competitors, imposed as a result of agreements entered into with the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), the Attorneys General of several individual states, and various international governing bodies. These restrictions include: a requirement to clearly and conspicuously disclose on any primary ticketing website where a link or redirect to a resale website owned or controlled by us is posted, that the link is directing the user to a resale website and that ticket prices often exceed the ticket’s original price; and a requirement to make certain clear and conspicuous disclosures and in certain instances disclose when a ticket being offered for resale is not “in-hand” as well as a requirement to monitor and enforce the compliance of third parties offering tickets on our websites with such disclosure requirements. There are certain state laws that now ban such speculative ticket listings, and the New York Attorney General has in the past brought lawsuits against resale companies for these practices; we do not, however, allow the use of such speculative ticketing practices on our websites. Other variables related to the competitive environment that could adversely affect our financial performance by, among other things, leading to decreases in overall revenue, the number of sponsors, event attendance, ticket prices and fees or profit margins include: • an increased level of competition for advertising dollars, which may lead to lower sponsorships as we attempt to retain advertisers or which may cause us to lose advertisers to our competitors offering better programs that we are unable or unwilling to match; • unfavorable fluctuations in operating costs, including increased guarantees to artists, which we may be unwilling or unable to pass through to our customers via higher ticket prices; • inability or unwillingness to fund the significant up-front cash requirements associated with our touring and ticketing businesses due to insufficient cash on hand or capacity under our senior secured credit facility, which could result in the loss of key tours to competitors or the inability to secure and retain ticketing clients; • competitors’ offerings that may include more favorable terms than we do in order to obtain agreements for new venues or ticketing arrangements or to obtain events for the venues they operate; • technological changes and innovations that we are unable to adopt or are late in adopting that offer more attractive entertainment alternatives than we or other live entertainment providers currently offer, which may lead to a reduction in attendance at live events, a loss of ticket sales or lower ticket fees; and • other entertainment options available to our audiences that we do not offer. Our success depends, in significant part, on entertainment, sporting and leisure events and economic and other factors adversely affecting such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. A decline in attendance at or reduction in the number of live entertainment, sporting and leisure events may have an adverse effect on our revenue and operating income. In addition, during periods of economic slowdown and recession, many consumers have historically reduced their discretionary spending and advertisers have reduced their advertising expenditures. The impact of economic slowdowns on our business is difficult to predict, but they may result in reductions in ticket sales, sponsorship opportunities and our ability to generate revenue. The risks associated with our businesses may become more acute in periods of a slowing economy or recession, which may be accompanied by a decrease in attendance at live entertainment, sporting and leisure events. Many of the factors affecting the number and availability of live entertainment, sporting and leisure events are beyond our control. For instance, certain sports leagues have experienced labor disputes leading to threatened or actual player lockouts. Any such lockouts that result in shortened or canceled seasons would adversely impact our business to the extent that we provide ticketing services to the affected teams both due to the loss of games and ticketing opportunities as well as the possibility of decreased attendance following such a lockout due to adverse fan reaction. Our business depends on discretionary consumer and corporate spending. Many factors related to corporate spending and discretionary consumer spending, including economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as unemployment levels, fuel prices, interest rates, changes in tax rates and tax laws that impact companies or individuals, and inflation can significantly impact our operating results. Business conditions, as well as various industry conditions, including corporate marketing and promotional spending and interest levels, can also significantly impact our operating results. These factors can affect attendance at our events, premium seat sales, sponsorship, advertising and hospitality spending, concession and merchandise sales, as well as the financial results of sponsors of our venues, events and the industry. Negative factors such as challenging economic conditions and public concerns over terrorism and security incidents, particularly when combined, can impact corporate and consumer spending, and one negative factor can impact our results more than another. There can be no assurance that consumer and corporate spending will not be adversely impacted by current economic conditions, or by any future deterioration in economic conditions, thereby possibly impacting our operating results and growth. 15 We are dependent upon our ability to lease, acquire and develop live music venues, and if we are unable to do so on acceptable terms, or at all, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our Concerts and Sponsorship & Advertising segments require access to venues to generate revenue from live music events. For these events, we use venues that we own, as well as a number of live music venues under various agreements which include leases with third parties, ownership through an equity interest or booking agreements, which are agreements where we contract to book the events at a venue for a specific period of time. Our long-term success in the live music business will depend in part on the availability of venues, our ability to lease these venues and our ability to enter into booking agreements upon their expiration. As many of these agreements are with third parties over whom we have little or no control, we may be unable to renew these agreements or enter into new agreements on acceptable terms or at all, and may be unable to obtain favorable agreements with venues. Our ability to renew these agreements or obtain new agreements on favorable terms depends on a number of other factors, many of which are also beyond our control, such as national and local business conditions and competition from other promoters. If the cost of renewing these agreements is too high or the terms of any new agreement with a new venue are unacceptable or incompatible with our existing operations, we may decide to forego these opportunities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew these agreements on acceptable terms or at all, or that we will be able to obtain attractive agreements with substitute venues, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We may continue to expand our operations through the development of live music venues and the expansion of existing live music venues, which poses a number of risks, including: • construction of live music venues may result in cost overruns, delays or unanticipated expenses; • desirable sites for live music venues may be unavailable or costly; • the attractiveness of our current venues may deteriorate over time; and • competition may impact our ability to earn attractive returns on our investments. Growth or maintenance of our existing revenue depends in part on consistent investment in our venues. Therefore, we expect to continue to make substantial capital improvements to meet long-term increasing demand, improve value and grow revenue. We frequently have a number of significant capital projects underway. Numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, may influence the ultimate costs and timing of various capital improvements. The amount of capital expenditures can vary significantly from year to year. In addition, actual costs could vary materially from our estimates if our assumptions about the quality of materials, equipment or workmanship required or the cost of financing such expenditures were to change. Construction is also subject to governmental permitting processes which, if changed, could materially affect the ultimate cost. Additionally, the market potential of live music venue sites cannot be precisely determined, and our live music venues may face competition in markets from unexpected sources. Newly constructed live music venues may not perform up to our expectations. We face significant competition for potential live music venue locations and for opportunities to acquire existing live music venues. Because of this competition, we may be unable to add to or maintain the number of our live music venues on terms we consider acceptable. There is the risk of personal injuries and accidents in connection with our live music events, which could subject us to personal injury or other claims and increase our expenses, as well as reduce attendance at our live music events, causing a decrease in our revenue. There are inherent risks involved with producing live music events. As a result, personal injuries and accidents have occurred, and may in the future occur, from time to time, which could subject us to claims and liabilities for personal injuries. Incidents in connection with our live music events at any of our venues or festival sites that we own or rent could also result in claims, reducing operating income or reducing attendance at our events, which could cause a decrease in our revenue. We have been subject to wrongful death claims and are currently subject to other litigation. In addition, while we have security protocols in place at our events, illegal drug use or alcohol consumption at our events could result in negative publicity, adverse consequences (including illness, injury or death) to the persons engaged in such activities or others, and litigation against us. While we maintain insurance policies that provide coverage within limits that are sufficient, in management’s judgment, to protect us from material financial loss for personal injuries sustained by persons at our venues or events or accidents in the ordinary course of business, there can be no assurance that such insurance will be adequate at all times and in all circumstances. For instance, on November 5, 2021, the Astroworld music festival was held in Houston, Texas. During the course of the festival, ten members of the audience sustained fatal injuries and others suffered non-fatal injuries. Following these events, hundreds of civil lawsuits were filed against Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. and related entities, asserting insufficient crowd control and other theories, seeking compensatory and punitive damages. All lawsuits relating to Astroworld have been resolved since early 2025. We incurred losses in excess of our insurance recovery in connection with those lawsuits. 16 Poor weather adversely affects attendance at our live music events, which could negatively impact our financial performance from period to period. We promote and/or ticket many live music events. Weather conditions surrounding these events affect sales of tickets, concessions and merchandise, among other things. Poor weather conditions can have a material effect on our results of operations particularly because we promote and/or ticket a finite number of events. Increased weather variability due to climate change exacerbates weather-related issues we face. Due to weather conditions, we may be required to cancel or reschedule an event to another available day or a different venue, which would increase our costs for the event and could negatively impact the attendance at the event, as well as concession and merchandise sales. Poor weather can affect current periods as well as successive events in future periods. Risks Relating to Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Intellectual Property The success of our ticketing business and other operations depends, in part, on the integrity of our systems and infrastructure, as well as affiliate and third-party computer systems, computer networks and other communication systems. System interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in these systems and infrastructure may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. System interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in the information systems and infrastructure, both of our own ticketing systems and other computer systems and of affiliate and third-party software, computer networks and other communications systems service providers on which we rely, may adversely affect our ability to operate websites, process and fulfill transactions, respond to customer inquiries and generally maintain cost-efficient operations. Such interruptions could occur by virtue of natural disaster, malicious actions such as hacking or acts of terrorism or war, or human error. In addition, the loss of some or all of certain key personnel could require us to expend additional resources to continue to maintain our software and systems and could subject us to systems interruptions. The large infrastructure plant that is required to operate our systems requires an ongoing investment of time, money and effort to maintain or refresh hardware and software and to ensure it remains at a level capable of servicing the demand and volume of business that Ticketmaster receives. Failure to do so may result in system instability, degradation in performance, or unfixable security vulnerabilities that could adversely impact both the business and the consumers utilizing our services. While we have backup systems for certain aspects of our operations, disaster recovery planning by its nature cannot be sufficient for all eventualities. In addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a major interruption. If any of these adverse events were to occur, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Data loss or other breaches of our network security could materially harm our business and results of operations, and the processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal or sensitive information could give rise to liabilities and additional costs as a result of governmental regulation, litigation and conflicting legal requirements relating to personal privacy rights. Due to the nature of our business, we process, store, use, transfer and disclose certain personal or sensitive information about our customers and employees. Penetration of our network or other misappropriation or misuse of personal or sensitive information and data, including credit card information and other personally identifiable information, could cause interruptions in our operations and subject us to increased costs, litigation, inquiries and actions from governmental authorities, and financial or other liabilities. In addition, security breaches, incidents or the inability to protect information could lead to increased incidents of ticketing fraud and counterfeit tickets. Security breaches and incidents could also significantly damage our reputation with consumers, ticketing clients and other third parties, and could result in significant costs related to remediation efforts, such as credit or identity theft monitoring. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect customer and employee information and to prevent security breaches or incidents (which could result in data loss or other harm or loss), such measures cannot provide absolute security or certainty. It is possible that advances in computer and hacker capabilities, new variants of malware, the development of new penetration methods and tools, inadvertent violations of company policies or procedures or other developments could result in a compromise of customer or employee information or a breach of the technology and security processes that are used to protect customer and employee information. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, automate or expedite transactions or other activities on our platform, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems (or otherwise bring about one or more of these effects) may change frequently and as a result, may be difficult for our business to detect for long periods of time and may impact the efficacy of our defenses and/or the products and services we provide. In addition, despite our best efforts, we may be unaware of or unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We have expended significant capital and other resources to protect against and remedy such potential security breaches, incidents and their consequences, and will continue to do so in the future, including the establishment of a dedicated cybersecurity organization within our larger technology environment, as well as cybersecurity roles in critical business areas. 17 We also face risks associated with security breaches and incidents affecting third parties with which we are affiliated or with which we otherwise conduct business. In particular, hardware, software or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain, and have contained, defects in design or manufacture and/or may pose a security risk that could unexpectedly compromise information security, but none of which have been material to date. Consumers are generally concerned with the security and privacy of the internet, and any publicized security problems affecting our businesses and/or third parties may discourage consumers from doing business with us, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition to the above concerns related to network and data security, the collection, transfer, use, disclosure, security and retention of personal or sensitive information and other user data are governed by existing and evolving federal, state and international laws. We have expended significant capital and other resources to keep abreast of the evolving privacy landscape, including the establishment of a dedicated global privacy organization within our legal team. However, our business could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are expanded to require changes in business practices or policies (including, for example, practices or policies regarding the collection, transfer, use, disclosure, security, and retention of personal or sensitive information), or if governing jurisdictions interpret or implement legislation or regulations in a manner which negatively affects our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Due to the changes in the data privacy regulatory environment, we may incur additional costs and challenges to our business that restrict or limit our ability to collect, transfer, use, disclose, secure, or retain personal or sensitive information. These changes in data privacy laws may require us to modify our current or future products, services, programs, practices or policies, which may in turn impact the products and services available to our customers. Regulators and government enforcement actions worldwide are imposing significant fines against companies for data privacy violations. Our business operations, including our ticketing business, involve the collection, transfer, use, disclosure, security, and disposal of personal or sensitive information in various locations around the world, including the European Union (“E.U.”), where the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) governs data privacy and can result in the imposition of significant fines and penalties. In addition, following the withdrawal of the United Kingdom (“U.K.”) from the E.U. on December 31, 2020, we were required to separately comply with the U.K.’s data protection law, under which additional fines and penalties could be imposed independent of the GDPR. U.K. data protection law has continued to evolve and, notwithstanding the current E.U. decision that allows data to be transferred from the E.U. to the U.K., we anticipate additional ch

=== LYV_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors While we attempt to identify, manage and mitigate risks and uncertainties associated with our business to the extent practical under the circumstances, some level of risk and uncertainty will always be present. Part I—Item 1A.—Risk Factors of our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 19, 2026, describes some of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, and the trading price of our common stock could decline as a result. We do not believe that there have been any material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Purchase of Equity Securities The following table provides information regarding repurchases of our common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2026: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share (1) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (2) Maximum Fair Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (2) January 2026 76,551 $144.53 February 2026 60,561 $146.25 March 2026 180,549 $155.13 317,661 (1) Represents shares of common stock that employees surrendered as part of the default option to satisfy withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards under our stock incentive plan. Pursuant to the terms of our stock plan, such shares revert to available shares under the plan. (2) We do not have a publicly announced program to purchase shares of our common stock. Accordingly, there were no shares purchased as part of a publicly announced program. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 5. Other Information No director or officer adopted or terminated any Rule 10b5-1 plan, or any other written trading arrangement that meets the requirements of a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” during the three months ended March 31, 2026. Venue Securitization Transaction On April 30, 2026, Live Nation VenueCo, LLC (“VenueCo”), a bankruptcy-remote, special purpose vehicle owned by certain bankruptcy-remote, special purpose entities (the “Participants”), which are indirect subsidiaries of the Company, entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the “Note Purchase Agreement”) providing for the issuance by VenueCo on behalf of and as representative for issuers located in other jurisdictions (together with VenueCo, the “Members”) of €610 million aggregate principal amount of fixed rate senior secured notes (the “Notes”). On that date, VenueCo and the other Members also entered into a Master Trust Indenture (the “Master Indenture”) and a First Supplemental Indenture, in each case, with Mount Street Mortgage Servicing Limited as Master Trustee (the “Trustee”) and Master Servicer, HSBC Bank USA, N.A. (“HSBC”) as Depositary and the other parties thereto. The offering of the Notes is expected to close on or about May 8, 2026. The proceeds from the Notes, after payment of transaction expenses and funding of required reserves, will be used to repay secured debt at one of the Venues, and may be retained by the Participants, or made available as a distribution or loan to the Company or one or more of its other subsidiaries, in each case, for general corporate purposes. 35 Table of Contents The Notes will be issued in four tranches at par and bear interest payable semi-annually in arrears at annual rates and with maturities as follows: Tranche Aggregate Principal Amount Annual Interest Rate Maturity Date Series 2026 A-1 and A-2 €345,000,000 5.67% December 31, 2047 Series 2026 B-2 €45,000,000 5.38% December 31, 2037 Series 2026 C-1 and C-2 €145,000,000 5.03% December 31, 2032 Series 2026 D-1 €75,000,000 5.77% December 31, 2055 Each tranche of Notes, other than Series 2026 B-2, amortizes on a scheduled basis. Series 2026 B-2 is non-amortizing prior to its stated maturity. Voluntary prepayments are permitted at any time, in whole or in part, at par plus accrued interest plus a “make-whole” premium based on discounted remaining cash flows using a reference government yield plus a specified spread. Mandatory prepayments are required from certain specified proceeds. The Notes are secured by Obligation No. 1 (“Obligation No. 1”) issued to HSBC, as the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Noteholders pursuant to the Master Indenture, to evidence the payment obligations of the Members, and for which the Members are jointly and severally liable. As security for Obligation No. 1, the Members collaterally assigned to the Trustee and granted a security interest in (1) all funds and accounts established under the Master Indenture, (2) the intercompany loan documents, and (3) rights of the applicable Members to and under (x) mortgages granted by the Participants on substantially all of the real property assets comprising the following venues (the “Venues”): Ruoff Music Center (Noblesville, IN); Credit Union 1 Amphitheatre (Tinley Park, IL); Ziggo Dome (Amsterdam, Netherlands); and 3Arena (Dublin, Ireland), and collateral assignments by the Participants of all related personal property, and (y) an assignment of monthly current and deferred revenues from the Venues after deduction of operating expenses (“Pledged Revenues”). The Pledged Revenues (other than deferred revenues, to the extent not yet released) are to be transferred to and held in segregated accounts by the Trustee and will be applied towards payment of agreed fees and expenses of the Trustee and other service providers and towards funding various reserve accounts. Surplus amounts may only be released to VenueCo and the Members (and further released to the Participants) and thereafter applied to repay subordinated indebtedness or for further distribution to the Company and its other subsidiaries only if all reserve accounts are fully funded, no event of default exists, and the Venues meet specified minimum historical and projected senior and combined debt service coverage ratios (collectively, “Release Conditions”). If the Release Conditions are not met for six consecutive fiscal quarters, a portion of the balance in the surplus fund is subject to a mandatory prepayment offer on the Notes. Certain actions (including admission or withdrawal of participants and their related venues, incurrence of additional indebtedness, changes in service providers, certain collateral releases and framework restructuring events) are conditioned on receipt of a confirmation from a ratings agency that no downgrade of the rating of the Notes and other secured indebtedness of VenueCo below a specified ratings level (a “Ratings Trigger Event”) will result. Certain mandatory prepayment obligations may be triggered by a Ratings Trigger Event, and certain actions (such as change of control, addition of a venue or participant and issuance of additional debt) are only permitted if no Ratings Trigger Event will occur. The Notes include customary covenants for structured and project-style financings, including limitations on additional indebtedness, liens, asset dispositions, investments, restricted payments, affiliate transactions, negative pledges and mergers or acquisitions involving the Members and the Participants. The Master Indenture and related intercompany loan agreements also include financial maintenance covenants with respect to the Members and the Participants, specifically minimum historical and projected senior debt service coverage ratios, tested quarterly, with a limited equity cure feature. The documentation also includes customary representations, warranties and events of default. The Company and certain of its subsidiaries (the “Service Providers”) have been engaged to perform certain services with respect to the Venues and will receive compensation for the performance of such services. The Service Providers may be terminated for cause 