=== ESS_2026-02-20.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. 1 Table of Contents Item 1. Business OVERVIEW Essex Property Trust, Inc. ( Essex ), a Maryland corporation, is an S P 500 company that operates as a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust ( REIT ). Essex owns all of its interest in its real estate and other investments directly or indirectly through Essex Portfolio, L.P. (the Operating Partnership or EPLP ). Essex is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership and as of December 31, 2025, had an approximately 96.6% general partner interest in the Operating Partnership. In this report, the terms Company, we, us, and our also refer to Essex Property Trust, Inc., the Operating Partnership and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by Essex and/or the Operating Partnership. Essex has elected to be treated as a REIT for federal income tax purposes commencing with the year ended December 31, 1994. Essex completed its initial public offering on June 13, 1994. In order to maintain compliance with REIT tax rules, the Company utilizes taxable REIT subsidiaries for various revenue generating or investment activities. A domestic taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to federal income tax as a regular C Corporation. All taxable REIT subsidiaries are consolidated by the Company for financial reporting purposes. The Company is engaged primarily in the ownership, operation, management, acquisition, development and redevelopment of predominantly apartment communities, located along the West Coast of the United States. As of December 31, 2025, the Company owned or had ownership interests in 259 operating apartment communities, aggregating 63,077 apartment homes, excluding the Company s ownership in preferred equity co-investments, loan investments, two operating commercial buildings, and a development pipeline comprised of one consolidated project and various predevelopment projects (collectively, the Portfolio ). The Company s website address is https://www.essex.com. The Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and the Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders are available, free of charge, on its website as soon as practicable after the Company files the reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The information contained on the Company s website shall not be deemed to be incorporated into this report. BUSINESS STRATEGIES The following is a discussion of the Company s business strategies in regards to real estate investment and management. Business Strategies Research Driven Approach to Investments The Company believes that successful real estate investment decisions and portfolio growth begin with extensive regional economic research and local market knowledge. The Company continually assesses markets where the Company operates, as well as markets where the Company considers future investment opportunities by evaluating markets and focusing on the following strategic criteria: Major metropolitan areas that have regional population in excess of one million; Constraints on new supply driven by: (i) low availability of developable land sites where competing housing could be economically built; (ii) political growth barriers, such as protected land, urban growth boundaries, and potential lengthy and expensive development permit processes; and (iii) natural limitations to development, such as mountains or waterways; Rental demand enhanced by affordability of rents relative to costs of for-sale housing; and Housing demand based on job growth, proximity to jobs, high median incomes and the quality of life including related commuting factors. Recognizing that all real estate markets are cyclical, the Company regularly evaluates the results of its regional, economic, and local market research, and adjusts the geographic focus of its portfolio accordingly. The Company seeks to increase its portfolio allocation in markets projected to have the strongest local economies and to decrease allocations in markets projected to have declining economic conditions. Likewise, the Company also seeks to increase its portfolio allocation in markets that have attractive property valuations and to decrease allocations in markets that have inflated valuations and low relative yields. Property Operations The Company manages its communities by focusing on activities that may generate above-average rental growth, tenant retention/satisfaction and long-term asset appreciation. The Company intends to achieve this by utilizing the strategies set forth below: 2 Table of Contents Property Management Oversee delivery and quality of the housing provided to our tenants and manage the properties financial performance. Capital Preservation The Company s asset management services are responsible for the planning, budgeting and completion of major capital improvement projects at the Company s communities. Business Planning and Control Comprehensive business plans are implemented in conjunction with significant investment decisions. These plans include benchmarks for future financial performance based on collaborative discussions between property operations teams and the senior leadership team. Development and Redevelopment The Company focuses on acquiring and developing apartment communities in supply constrained markets, and redeveloping its existing communities to improve the financial and physical aspects of the Company s communities. CURRENT BUSINESS ACTIVITIES Acquisitions of Real Estate Interests The table below summarizes acquisition activity for the year ended December 31, 2025 ($ in millions): Property Name Location Date Apartment Homes Essex Ownership Percentage Contract Price at Pro Rata Share The Plaza CA Jan-25 307 100% $ 161.4 One Hundred Grand CA Feb-25 166 N/A 105.3 (1) ROEN Menlo Park CA Feb-25 146 100% 78.8 Revere Campbell CA May-25 168 N/A 118.0 (1) The Parc at Pruneyard CA May-25 252 100% 122.5 ViO CA Sep-25 234 100% 100.0 1250 Lakeside CA Nov-25 250 100% 143.5 Total acquisitions 1,523 $ 829.5 (1) One Hundred Grand and Revere Campbell replaced Highridge, an apartment home community owned by DownREIT entities that are consolidated by the Company, within the DownREIT structures of those entities pursuant to the like-kind exchange rules under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ( Section 1031 Exchange ). Dispositions of Real Estate Interests As part of its strategic plan to own quality real estate in supply-constrained markets, the Company continually evaluates all of its communities and sells those communities that no longer meet the Company s strategic criteria. The Company may use the capital generated from the dispositions to invest in higher-return communities, other real estate investments or to fund other commitments. The Company believes that the sale of these communities will not have a material impact on its future results of operations or cash flows nor will the sale of these communities materially affect the Company s ongoing operations. In general, the Company seeks to offset the dilutive impact on long-term earnings and funds from operations from these dispositions through the positive impact of reinvestment of proceeds. The table below summarizes disposition activity for the year ended December 31, 2025 ($ in millions): Property Name Location Date Apartment Homes Sale Price at Pro Rata Share Highridge CA Feb-25 255 $ 127.0 (1) Essex Skyline CA Apr-25 350 239.6 The Grand CA Jul-25 243 97.5 8th Republican WA Sep-25 211 47.4 (2) Fourth U CA Sep-25 171 52.3 Total dispositions 1,230 $ 563.8 3 Table of Contents (1) Highridge, an apartment home community owned by DownREIT entities that are consolidated by the Company, was replaced by One Hundred Grand and Revere Campbell within the DownREIT structures of those entities pursuant to a Section 1031 Exchange. (2) Wesco V, LLC, a joint venture in which the Company owns a 50.0% interest, sold one of its apartment home communities for a total contract price of $94.9 million. Development Pipeline The Company defines development projects as new communities that are being constructed, or are newly constructed and are in a phase of lease-up and have not yet reached stabilized operations. The Company defines predevelopment projects as proposed communities in negotiation or in the entitlement process with an expected high likelihood of becoming entitled development projects. The Company may also acquire land for future development purposes. As of December 31, 2025, the Company s development pipeline was comprised of one consolidated development project of 543 apartment homes and various predevelopment projects with total incurred costs of $157.1 million. The estimated remaining project costs are approximately $200.9 million, for total estimated project costs of $358.0 million. Long Term Debt During 2025, the Company made regularly scheduled principal payments of $2.5 million to its secured mortgage notes payable at an average interest rate of 3.5%. In February 2025, the Operating Partnership issued $400.0 million of senior unsecured notes due on April 1, 2035 with a coupon rate of 5.375% per annum (the 2035 Notes ), which are payable on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on October 1, 2025. The 2035 Notes were offered to investors at a price of 99.604% of the principal amount. The Company used the net proceeds of this offering to repay the Company s $500.0 million senior unsecured notes at maturity in April 2025. In May 2025, the Operating Partnership obtained a new $300.0 million unsecured term loan priced at Secured Overnight Financing Rate ( SOFR ) plus 0.85% which is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the Company s long-term unsecured credit rating with a one-year delayed draw feature. The Company may elect to increase this facility by up to an additional $300.0 million, to an aggregate size of $600.0 million, if the lenders permit. This term loan is scheduled to mature in May 2028, with two one-year extension options, exercisable at the option of the Company. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had drawn $300.0 million on this term loan facility. The Company has entered into floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps to fix the interest rate for $197.5 million of the new term loan facility to an all-in rate of 4.1%. In October 2022, the Operating Partnership obtained a $300.0 million unsecured term loan priced at Adjusted SOFR plus 0.85% with an original maturity date of October 2024 with three 12-month extension options, exercisable at the Company s option. In September 2024, the Company exercised its first option, extending the maturity date to October 2025. In October 2025, the Company executed an amendment of its existing $300.0 million unsecured term loan to extend the maturity date from October 2027 to January 2031, inclusive of extension options exercisable at the Company s option. The interest rate was reduced by 0.10% to SOFR plus 0.85% and is swapped to an all-in fixed rate of 4.2% and the swap has a termination date of October 2026. In December 2025, the Operating Partnership issued $350.0 million of senior unsecured notes due on February 15, 2036 with a coupon rate of 4.875% per annum (the 2036 Notes ), which are payable on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on August 15, 2025. The 2036 Notes were offered to investors at a price of 99.093% of the principal amount. The Company intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to repay upcoming debt maturities, including to fund a portion of the repayment of the Company s $450.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of 3.375% senior notes due April 2026, and for other general corporate and working capital purposes, which may include the funding of potential acquisition opportunities. These proceeds initially may be used to fund the repayment of outstanding indebtedness under the Company s commercial paper program and unsecured credit facilities and/or invested in short-term securities. Bank Debt As of December 31, 2025, Moody s Investor Service and Standard and Poor s ( S P ) credit agencies rated Essex Property Trust, Inc. and Essex Portfolio, L.P. Baa1/Stable and BBB+/Stable, respectively. 4 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2025, the Company had two unsecured lines of credit aggregating $1.58 billion. The Company s $1.5 billion credit facility had an interest rate of SOFR plus 0.775%, which is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the Company s long-term unsecured credit ratings. In July 2025, the Company amended this revolving credit facility increasing the borrowing capacity from $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion and extended its maturity from January 2029 to January 2030 with two six-month extensions, exercisable at the Company s option. The Company may elect to increase the facility by up to an additional $1.0 billion, to an aggregate size of $2.5 billion, if the lenders permit. The Company s $75.0 million working capital unsecured line of credit had an interest rate of Adjusted SOFR plus 0.775%, which is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the Company s long-term unsecured credit ratings, and a scheduled maturity date of July 2026. In May 2025, the Company entered into a commercial paper program under which it can issue unsecured short-term notes, which are backstopped by, and reduce the borrowing capacity of the Company s $1.5 billion unsecured line of credit facility. The Company can issue up to $750.0 million of commercial paper for up to 397 days from the date of issue. Equity Transactions In August 2024, the Company entered into an equity distribution agreement pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $900.0 million (the 2024 ATM Program ). In connection with the 2024 ATM Program, the Company may also enter into related forward sale agreements whereby, at the Company s discretion, it may sell shares of its common stock under the 2024 ATM Program under forward sale agreements. The use of a forward sale agreement would allow the Company to lock in a share price on the sale of shares of its common stock at the time the agreement is executed, but defer receipt of the proceeds from the sale of shares until a later date. Furthermore, it would permit the Company, at its election, to settle the agreements by issuing common stock in exchange for net proceeds at the then-applicable forward sale price specified by the agreement or, alternatively, to settle the agreements in whole or in part through the delivery or receipt of common stock or cash. Issuances of shares under these forward sale agreements are classified as equity transactions. Accordingly, no amounts relating to the forward sale agreements are recorded in the consolidated financial statements until settlement occurs. Prior to any settlements, the only impact to the consolidated financial statements is the inclusion of incremental shares, if any, within the calculation of diluted earnings per share and diluted earnings per unit using the treasury stock method. The actual forward price per share to be received by the Company upon settlement will be determined on the applicable settlement date based on adjustments made to the initial forward price to reflect the then-current overnight federal funds rate and the amount of dividends paid to holders of the Company s common stock over the term of the forward sale agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company did not issue any shares of its common stock through the 2024 ATM Program. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company entered into forward sale agreements with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers under the 2024 ATM Program with respect to 52,600 shares of common stock at an initial gross weighted average forward price of $314.06 per share, which are to be settled by September 2026. As of December 31, 2025, $900.0 million of shares remained available to be sold under the 2024 ATM Program, pending the settlement of outstanding forward sale agreements. In September 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase plan, without an expiration date, to allow the Company to acquire shares of common stock up to an aggregate value of $500.0 million. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company did not repurchase any shares. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had $302.7 million of purchase authority remaining under the stock repurchase plan. Co-investments The Company has entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, joint ventures or partnerships (including limited liability companies) through which it owns an indirect economic interest in less than 100% of the community or land or other investments owned directly by the joint venture or partnership. For each joint venture the Company holds a non-controlling interest in the venture and, in most cases, may earn customary management fees, development fees, asset management fees and a promote interest. In October 2024, the Company repaid a $72.0 million senior mortgage associated with a $22.7 million preferred equity investment in Artizan, a 241-unit stabilized apartment home community located in Oakland, CA, and subsequently issued a default notice to the third-party sponsor in January 2025, assumed full managerial control and consolidated the property based on a valuation of $95.0 million. 5 Table of Contents In July 2025, the Company formed a new joint venture, Wesco VII, LLC ( Wesco VII ), with the State of Wisconsin Investment Board, for the purpose of investing in multifamily real estate projects. Each partner has an initial equity commitment of $50.0 million and holds a 50% ownership interest. The investment is recorded to co-investments in the consolidated balance sheets. In November 2025, the Company repaid an $88.2 million senior mortgage associated with a $79.5 million preferred equity investment in TENTEN Downtown, a 376-unit apartment home community, located in Los Angeles, CA, and concurrently issued a default notice and assumed full managerial control. The community was consolidated on the Company s financial statements with a valuation of $167.7 million. The Company has also made, and may continue in the future to make, preferred equity investments in various multifamily stabilized communities or development projects. The Company earns a preferred rate of return on these investments. HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Company Overview and Values The Company s mission is to create quality communities in premier locations and it is critical to the Company s mission that it attracts, trains and retains a talented team by providing a compelling place to work and opportunities for professional growth. The Company s culture supports its mission and is guided by its core values: to act with integrity, to care about what matters, to do right with urgency, to lead at every level, and to seek fairness. The Company enables the mission through its Human Capital Management Strategy that focuses on four key pillars of Talent Acquisition, Technology and Analytics, Culture and Talent Development, and Rewards and Recognition. The Company is headquartered in San Mateo, CA, and has regional corporate offices in Woodland Hills, CA, Irvine, CA and Bellevue, WA. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had 1,689 employees, 99.8% of whom were full-time. A total of 1,267 employees worked on-site at our operating communities, and 422 employees worked in our corporate offices. Workplace Culture The Company believes that a strong employee culture is supported by workforce capability, engagement, and connection. In 2025, the Company enhanced its focus on change management as an important capability and leaned into the importance of in-person appreciation and recognition events to strengthen engagement and connection. The Company also supports employee-led resource groups, open to all employees, which foster connection and shared learning. Training and Development The Company values leadership at every level and enables the same by providing opportunities for all associates to develop personal and professional skills through programs that encourage associate retention and advancement. The Company currently offers training courses to its associates via Workday Learning, and its associates spent 16,708 hours learning in 2025. The Company also provides its associates with an annual $3,000 tuition reimbursement to further support outside professional growth opportunities. To identify, retain and reward top performers, the Company engages in meaningful internal succession planning and offers a tenure bonus program, Everyday Excellence and Impact awards, which are recognition programs to reward associates for excellent teamwork, ideas, and service. The Company encourages internal promotions and hiring for open positions, and the executive team actively mentors the Company s top talent to ensure strong leadership at the Company for the future. 36% of the Company s associates have approached or surpassed the Company s average tenure of 6.71 years, with 24% reaching beyond 10 years of service. Employee Safety, Health, and Wellness Safety is a top priority. The Company deeply cares about the wellbeing of its associates and residents. The Essex Safety Committee, comprised of key stakeholders across departments, meets quarterly and reviews the overall safety of the company in both our corporate offices and our communities. To maximize real-time responses, the Company has also established a working safety subcommittee that meets bi-weekly. The Company has implemented enhanced safety programs, which include a Workplace Violence Prevention Program enacted companywide in 2024, regular safety inspections, emergency preparedness processes, hazard identification and control protocols, and related associate training. 6 Table of Contents The Company s safety policies align with its health and wellness goals and seeks to proactively prevent workplace accidents and protect the health, wellness and safety of the Company s associates through training and analysis of incident reports. Additionally, the Company offers retirement support, associate discount programs, a mental health program (which includes counseling and coaching sessions for mental well-being support at no cost), and health benefit credits for participation in wellness programs. Compensation and Benefits The Company offers competitive compensation to secure and retain top talent. Alongside competitive pay, the Company is committed to pay parity and conducts a pay analysis on an annual basis which includes the development and use of a robust, multiple regression analysis model to confirm the Company s continued achievement of gender pay parity. Beyond competitive compensation, the Company offers a suite of benefits, including health insurance, a retirement plan with a $6,000 annual matching potential benefit, life and disability coverage, supplemental paid parental leave, and the robust health and wellness support programs noted above. Additionally, the Company offers an associate housing discount. Employee Engagement Throughout 2025, employee sentiment and feedback were gathered through multiple touchpoints across the employee experience. These included new hire feedback, exit insights, event surveys, and our Speak Up channel, an anonymous comment box. This ongoing, multi-channel approach enabled employees to share candid input in real time and allowed the organization to identify trends, listen to employee voices, and inform meaningful action throughout the year. Community and Social Impact The Company believes volunteering can create positive change in the communities where our associates live and work and that the Company s commitment to giving back helps it attract and retain associates. The Company s volunteer program is aimed at supporting and encouraging eligible associates to become actively involved in their communities through the Company s support of charity initiatives and offering paid hours for volunteer time. In 2025, Essex associates completed 572 volunteer hours. Additionally, the Company s Essex Cares program provides direct aid to the Company s residents, associates, and local communities. INSURANCE The Company purchases general liability and property insurance coverage, including loss of rent, for each of its communities. The Company also purchases limited earthquake, terrorism, environmental and flood insurance. There are certain types of losses which may not be covered or could exceed coverage limits. The insurance programs are subject to deductibles and self-insured retentions in varying amounts. The Company utilizes a wholly owned insurance subsidiary, Pacific Western Insurance LLC ( PWI ), to self-insure certain earthquake and property losses. As of December 31, 2025, PWI had cash and marketable securities of $106.7 million, and is consolidated in the Company s financial statements. All of the Company s communities are located in areas that are subject to earthquake activity. The Company evaluates its financial loss exposure to seismic events by using actuarial loss models developed by the insurance industry and in most cases property vulnerability analysis based on structural evaluations by seismic consultants. The Company manages this exposure, where considered appropriate, desirable, and cost-effective, by upgrading properties to increase their resistance to forces caused by seismic events, by considering available funds and coverages provided by PWI and/or by purchasing seismic insurance. In most cases the Company also purchases limited earthquake insurance for certain properties owned by the Company s co-investments. In addition, the Company carries other types of insurance coverage related to a variety of risks and exposures. Based on market conditions, the Company may change or potentially eliminate insurance coverages, or increase levels of self-insurance. Further, the Company may incur losses, which could be material, due to uninsured risks, deductibles and self-insured retentions, and/or losses in excess of coverage limits. COMPETITION There are numerous housing alternatives that compete with the Company s communities in attracting tenants. These include other apartment communities, condominiums and single-family homes. If the demand for the Company s communities is reduced or if competitors develop and/or acquire competing housing, rental rates and occupancy may drop which may have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 7 Table of Contents The Company faces competition from other REITs, businesses and other entities in the acquisition, development and operation of apartment communities. Some competitors are larger and have greater resources than the Company. This competition may result in increased costs of apartment communities the Company acquires and/or develops. WORKING CAPITAL The Company believes that cash flows generated by its operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities balances, availability under existing lines of credit, access to capital markets and the ability to generate cash from the disposition of real estate are sufficient to meet all of its reasonably anticipated cash needs during 2026. The timing, source and amounts of cash flows provided by financing activities and used in investing activities are sensitive to changes in interest rates, stock price, and other fluctuations in the capital markets environment, which can affect the Company s plans for acquisitions, dispositions, development and redevelopment activities. ENVIRONMENTAL CONSIDERATIONS As a real estate owner and operator, we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws, regulations and ordinances and may be subject to liability and the costs of removal or remediation of certain potentially hazardous materials that may be present in our communities. See the discussion under the caption, Risks Related to Our Real Estate Investments and Operations - The Company s portfolio may have environmental liabilities. in Item 1A, Risk Factors, for information concerning the potential effect of environmental regulations on its operations, which discussion is incorporated by reference into this Item 1. OTHER MATTERS Certain Policies of the Company The Company intends to continue to operate in a manner that will not subject it to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Company may in the future (i) issue securities senior to its common stock, (ii) fund acquisition activities with borrowings under its line of credit and (iii) offer shares of common stock and/or units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership or affiliated partnerships as partial consideration for property acquisitions. The Company from time to time acquires partnership interests in partnerships and joint ventures, either directly or indirectly through subsidiaries of the Company, when such entities underlying assets are real estate. The Company invests primarily in apartment communities that are located in predominantly coastal markets within Southern California, Northern California, and the Seattle metropolitan area. The Company currently intends to continue to invest in apartment communities in such regions. However, the geographical composition of the portfolio is evaluated periodically and may be modified by management. 8 Table of Contents ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS For purposes of this section, the term stockholders means the holders of shares of Essex Property Trust, Inc. s common stock. Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to Essex Property Trust, Inc. s stockholders and Essex Portfolio, L.P. s unitholders. You should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating our Company, our properties and our business. Our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results of operations to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. Risks Related to Our Real Estate Investments and Operations General real estate investment risks may materially adversely affect property income and values, and therefore our stock price may be materially adversely affected. If the communities and other real estate investments, including development and redevelopment properties, do not generate sufficient income to meet operating and financing expenses, cash flow and the ability to make distributions will be materially adversely affected. Income and growth from the communities may be further materially adversely affected by, among other things, the following factors, in addition to the other risk factors listed in this Item 1A: changes in the general or local economic climate that could affect demand for housing, including changing demographics or policies governing legal immigration, which could lead to a relative decrease in the renting population, an increase in the use of new technologies and artificial intelligence to replace workers, and other events negatively impacting local employment rates, tenant dispersion, wages and the local economy; changes in supply and cost of housing; changes in economic conditions, such as high or sustained inflationary periods in which our operating and financing costs may increase at a rate greater than our ability to increase rents, thereby compressing our operating margins which may have a material adverse effect on our business, or deflationary periods where rents may decline more quickly relative to operating and financing costs; and the appeal and desirability of our communities to tenants relative to other housing alternatives, including cost, size and amenity offerings, safety and location convenience, and our technology offerings. Short-term leases expose us to the effects of declining market rents, and the Company may be unable to renew leases or relet units as leases expire. If the Company is unable to promptly renew or re-let existing leases, or if the rental rates upon renewal or reletting are significantly lower than expected rates, then the Company s results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. Economic environments can negatively impact the Company s liquidity and results of operations. In the event of a recession, continued geopolitical uncertainty or other negative economic effects, including slowing job growth in key markets, the Company could incur reductions in rental and occupancy rates, property valuations and increases in costs. Any such recession or economic downturn may also affect consumer confidence and spending and negatively impact the volume and pricing of real estate transactions, which could materially adversely affect the Company s liquidity and its ability to vary its portfolio promptly in response to changes to the economy. Rent control, eviction moratoria or potential changes in applicable laws, or noncompliance with applicable laws, could materially adversely affect the Company s stock price, business, financial condition and results of operations, and/or expose us to liability. The Company must own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop its properties in compliance with numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, some of which may conflict with one another or be subject to limited judicial or regulatory interpretations. These laws and regulations include zoning laws, building codes, rent control or stabilization laws, fee transparency requirements, emergency orders, laws benefiting disabled persons, federal, state and local tax laws, landlord tenant laws, environmental laws, employment laws, immigration laws and other laws regulating housing, revenue management software and practices, or laws that are generally applicable to the Company s business and operations. Changes in, or noncompliance with, laws and regulations could expose the Company to liability and could require the Company to make significant unanticipated expenditures to address noncompliance. Existing and future eviction moratoria, rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations, fee transparency requirements, along with similar laws and regulations that expand tenants rights or impose additional costs on landlords, including any such laws or regulations imposed on the housing industry in response to natural disasters, national and global pandemic or other any other health crisis, or local or national states of emergency, may reduce rental revenues or increase operating costs and thus such laws and regulations may materially adversely affect our stock price, business, financial condition and results of operations. Such laws and regulations limit our ability to charge market rents, increase rents, evict tenants, limit our ability to 9 Table of Contents collect rent, or recover increases in our operating expenses and could reduce the value of our communities or make it more difficult for us to dispose of communities in certain circumstances. Following the COVID-19 pandemic, governments have demonstrated a greater interest in eviction moratoria and strict housing controls. We may be legally required to, or otherwise agree to, restructure tenants rent obligations on less favorable terms than those currently in place. In the event of tenant nonpayment, default or bankruptcy, we may incur costs in protecting our investment, collecting delinquent rents, and re-leasing our property and we may have limited ability to renew existing leases or sign new leases at levels consistent with market rents. Expenses associated with our investment in communities impacted by such laws and regulations, such as debt service, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in rental income from the community. This could lead to lower profitability and market fluctuations that may affect our ability to obtain necessary funds for our business. Acquisitions of communities involve various risks and uncertainties and may fail to meet expectations. The Company s acquisition of apartment communities may fail to meet the Company s expectations due to factors including inaccurate estimates of future income, expenses, and the costs of improvements or redevelopment, which may be exacerbated by the lack of reliable market data. Further, the value and operational performance of an apartment community may be diminished if neighborhood changes occur before we are able to redevelop or sell the community. Also, in connection with such acquisitions, we may assume unknown or contingent liabilities, which could ultimately lead to material costs for us that we did not expect to incur. In addition, the total amount of costs and expenses that may be incurred with respect to liabilities associated with apartment communities may exceed our expectations, and we may experience other unanticipated adverse effects, all of which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The use of equity financing for future developments or acquisitions could dilute the interest of the Company s existing stockholders. If the Company finances new acquisitions under existing lines of credit or commercial paper, there is a risk that, unless the Company obtains substitute financing or capital sources, the Company may not be able to undertake additional borrowing for further acquisitions or developments or such borrowing may not be available on advantageous terms. Development and redevelopment activities may be delayed, not completed, and/or not achieve expected results. The Company pursues development and redevelopment projects, including densification projects, and those activities generally entail certain risks, including: funds may be expended and management s time devoted to projects that may not be completed on time or at all; construction costs may exceed original estimates possibly making some projects economically unfeasible; projects may be delayed or abandoned due to, without limitation, weather conditions, labor or material shortages, municipal office closures and staff shortages, government recommended or mandated work stoppages, protestors obstructing access or environmental remediation; occupancy rates and rents at a completed project may be less than anticipated; expenses may be higher than anticipated due to, without limitation, inflationary pressures (including potentially exacerbated by the imposition of tariffs), supply chain issues, litigation over construction, environmental remediation or increased costs for labor (including potentially related to any shrinkage in the labor force or labor shortages related to changing immigration policies, concerns regarding deportation or otherwise), materials and leasing; we are reliant on third party contractors and vendors ability to deliver services and products as planned, and if the timeframe, quality or scope of such services and products are different than we expected, our projects may be subject to increased costs or delays, and our future income may be lower than expected; we may be unable to obtain, or experience a delay in obtaining, necessary governmental approvals or third party permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs or delay or abandonment of opportunities, and/or we may experience challenges with municipalities in completing or approving projects; we may be unable to obtain financing with favorable terms, or at all, for the proposed development or redevelopment of a community, which may cause us to delay or abandon an opportunity; and we may incur liabilities to third parties during the development process. The geographic concentration of the Company s communities and fluctuations in local markets may adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. The Company s communities are concentrated on the West Coast in the metropolitan areas of California and Washington, which exposes the Company to greater economic concentration risks. Factors that may materially adversely affect local market and economic conditions include regionally specific acts of nature (e.g., earthquakes, wildfires, floods, etc.), changes in specific or broad sectors of the economy (such as growth or decline in technology-based companies), and those other factors listed in the risk factor titled General real estate investment risks may materially adversely affect property income and values and elsewhere in this Item 1A. The Company is susceptible to adverse developments in economic and regulatory environments, such as increases in real estate and other taxes, and increased costs of complying with governmental regulations. California is generally regarded as more 10 Table of Contents litigious, highly regulated and subject to higher taxes than many other states, which may reduce demand for the Company s communities. Any adverse developments in the economic or real estate markets in California or Washington, or any decrease in demand for the Company s communities resulting from the California or Washington regulatory or business environments, could have an adverse effect on the Company s business and results of operations. The Company may experience various increased costs, including increased property taxes, to own and maintain its properties. Real property taxes on our properties may increase as our properties are reassessed by taxing authorities or as property tax rates change. Our real estate taxes in Washington and California could increase as a result of property value reassessments or increased property tax rates. A California law commonly referred to as Proposition 13 ( Prop 13 ) generally limits annual real estate tax increases on California properties to 2% of assessed value. However, under Prop 13, property tax reassessment generally occurs as a result of a change in ownership of a property. Because the property taxing authorities may not determine whether there has been a change in ownership or the actual reassessed value of a property for a period of time after a transaction has occurred, we may not know the impact of a potential reassessment for a considerable amount of time following a particular transaction. Therefore, the amount of property taxes we are required to pay could increase substantially from the property taxes we currently pay or have paid in the past, including on a retroactive basis. Various initiatives to repeal or amend Prop 13, to eliminate its application to commercial and residential property, to increase the permitted annual real estate tax increases, and/or to introduce split tax roll legislation could increase the assessed value and/or tax rates applicable to or communities in California. Further, changes in U.S. federal tax law could cause state and local governments to alter their taxation of real property. The Company may experience increased costs associated with capital improvements and property maintenance as its properties advance through their life cycles. In some cases, especially with respect to newly acquired properties, we may spend more than budgeted amounts to make necessary improvements or maintenance, which could materially adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. Competition in the apartment community market and other housing alternatives may materially adversely affect operations and the rental demand for the Company s communities. There are numerous housing alternatives that compete with the Company s communities in attracting tenants, including other apartment communities, condominiums and single-family homes. Competitive housing in a particular area and fluctuations in cost of owner-occupied single- and multifamily homes caused by a decrease in housing prices, mortgage interest rates and/or government programs to promote home ownership or create additional rental and/or other types of housing could materially adversely affect the Company s ability to retain its tenants, lease apartment homes and increase or maintain rents. If the demand for the Company s communities is reduced, rental or occupancy rates may drop, which may have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. The Company also faces competition from other businesses and other entities in the acquisition, development and operation of apartment communities. This competition may result in increased costs to acquire or develop apartment communities or impact the Company s ability to identify suitable acquisition or development transactions. Investments in mortgages, mezzanine loans, subordinated debt, other real estate, and other marketable securities could materially adversely affect the Company s cash flow from operations. The Company may purchase or otherwise invest in securities issued by entities which own real estate and/or invest in mortgages or unsecured debt obligations. The Company may make or acquire mezzanine loans, which are generally subordinated loans. In general, investing in mortgages involves risk, including that the value of mortgaged property may be less than the amounts owed, causing realized or unrealized losses; the borrower may not pay indebtedness under the mortgage when due and amounts recovered by the Company in connection with related foreclosures may be less than the amount owed; interest rates payable on the mortgages may be lower than the Company s cost of funds; in the case of junior mortgages, foreclosure of a senior mortgage could eliminate the junior mortgage; delays in the collection of principal and interest if a borrower claims bankruptcy; possible senior lender default or overconcentration of senior lenders in the portfolio; and unanticipated early prepayments may limit the Company s expected return on its investment. If any of the above were to occur, it could materially adversely affect the Company s cash flows from operations. The Company s ownership of co-investments, including joint ventures and joint ownership of communities, its ownership of properties with shared facilities with a homeowners association or other similar entity, its ownership of properties subject to a ground lease and its preferred equity investments and its other partial interests in entities that own communities, could limit the Company s ability to control such communities and may restrict our ability to finance, refinance, sell or otherwise transfer our interests in these properties and expose us to loss of the properties if such agreements are breached by us or terminated. The Company has entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, certain co-investments, including joint ventures or partnerships through which it owns an indirect economic interest in less than 100% of the community or land or other investments owned directly by the joint venture or partnership. 11 Table of Contents Joint venture partners often have shared control over the development and operation of the joint venture assets, which may prevent the Company from taking action without the partners approval. A joint venture partner may have interests that are inconsistent with those of the Company or may take action contrary to the Company s interests or policies. Consequently, a joint venture partner s actions might subject property owned by the joint venture to additional risk. In some instances, the Company and the joint venture partner may each have the right to exercise a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause the Company to sell its interest, or acquire a partner s interest, at a time when the Company otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction, and may result in the valuation of our interest or our partner s interest at levels which may not be representative of the valuation that would result from an arm s length marketing process and could cause us to recognize unanticipated capital gains or losses or the loss of fee income. Should a joint venture partner become bankrupt, the Company could become liable for such partner s share of joint venture liabilities. From time to time, the Company, through the Operating Partnership, makes certain co-investments in the form of preferred equity or mezzanine investments in third-party entities that have been formed for the purpose of acquiring, developing, financing, or managing real property. The Operating Partnership s interest in these entities is typically less than a majority of the outstanding voting interests of that entity, which may limit the Operating Partnership s ability to control the daily operations of such co-investment. The Operating Partnership may not be able to dispose of its interests in such co-investment. In the event that such co-investment or the partners in such co-investment become insolvent or bankrupt or fail to develop or operate the property in the manner anticipated, or are unable to refinance or sell their interest as planned, the Operating Partnership may not receive the expected return in its expected timeframe or at all and may lose up to its entire investment. Additionally, the preferred return negotiated on these co-investments may be lower than the Company s cost of funds. The Company may also incur losses if any guarantees or indemnifications were made by the Company. The Company also owns properties indirectly through partnerships commonly referred to as DownREIT structures. The Company has entered into, and in the future may enter into, transactions that could require the Company to pay the tax liabilities of partners that contribute assets into DownREITs, joint ventures or the Operating Partnership, in the event that certain taxable events, which are generally within the Company s control, occur. Although the Company plans to hold the contributed assets or, if such assets consist of real property, defer recognition of gain on sale of such assets pursuant to the like-kind exchange rules under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), the Company may not be able to do so and if such tax liabilities were incurred they could have a material adverse effect on its financial position. Also, from time to time, the Company invests in properties (i) which may be subject to certain shared facilities agreements with homeowners associations and other similar entities and/or (ii) subject to ground leases where a subtenant may have certain similar rights to that of a party under such a shared facilities agreements or where a master landlord may have certain rights to control the use, operation and/or repair of the property. In these arrangements, we cannot guarantee that the terms of the shared facilities agreements will be enforced or interpreted in favor of the Company, and the Company s inability to control expenditures, make necessary repairs and/or control certain decisions may materially adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations, and/or the property s safety, compliance with applicable laws, marketability or market value. We may pursue acquisitions of other REITs and real estate companies, which may not yield anticipated results and could materially adversely affect our results of operations. We may acquire and/or invest in other REITs and real estate companies or enter into strategic alliances or joint ventures, which involves risks and uncertainties and may not be successful. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition, investment, or joint venture opportunities, consummate any such transactions or relationships on terms and conditions acceptable to us, or realize the expected financial or strategic benefits of any such acquisition. The integration of acquired businesses or other acquisitions may not be successful and could result in disruption to other parts of our business. Pre-acquisition property due diligence may not identify all material issues that might arise with respect to such acquired business and its properties or as to any such other acquisitions. Any future acquisitions we make may also require significant additional debt or equity financing, which, in the case of debt financing, would increase our leverage and potentially affect our credit ratings and, in the case of equity or equity-linked financing, could be dilutive to Essex s stockholders and the Operating Partnership s unitholders. Additionally, the value of these investments could decline for a variety of reasons. These and other factors could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Real estate investments are relatively illiquid and, therefore, the Company s ability to vary its portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions may be limited. Real estate investments are illiquid and, in our markets, can at times be difficult to sell at prices we find acceptable, which may limit our ability to promptly reduce our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions and otherwise may materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 12 Table of Contents The Company s portfolio may have environmental liabilities. Under various federal, state and local environmental and public health laws, regulations and ordinances, we have been required, and may be required in the future, regardless of our knowledge or responsibility, to provide warnings about certain chemicals, investigate and remediate the effects of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at our properties (including in some cases naturally occurring substances such as methane and radon gas) or properties that we acquire, develop, manage or directly or indirectly invest in. We may be held liable under these laws or common law to a governmental entity or to third parties for compliance and response costs, property damage, personal injury or natural resources damages and for investigation and remediation costs incurred as a result of the impacts resulting from such releases. While the Company is unaware of any such response action required or damage claims associated with its existing properties which would have a material adverse effect on our business, or results of operations, potential future costs and damage claims may be substantial. Further, the presence of such substances, or the failure to properly remediate any such impacts, may materially adversely affect our ability to borrow against, develop, sell or rent the affected property, including due to any liens imposed on the impacted property by any government agencies for penalties or damages. The Company carries certain limited insurance coverage for this type of environmental risk as to its properties; however, such coverage is not fully available for all properties and, as to those properties for which limited coverage is fully available, it may be insufficient or may not apply to certain claims arising from known conditions present on those properties. While we conduct pre-acquisition and development Phase I environmental site assessments, such assessments may not discover, ascertain or quantify the full extent of the environmental conditions at or near a given property. Mold growth may occur when excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials. The Company has adopted policies to address and resolve reports of mold when it is detected, and to minimize any impact mold might have on tenants of the affected property, however, the Company may not identify and respond to all mold occurrences and may result in litigation. The Company may incur general uninsured losses or may experience market conditions that impact the procurement of certain insurance policies. The Company purchases general liability, employment practices liability, and property, including loss of rent, insurance coverage for each of its communities and cyber risk insurance. The Company may also purchase limited earthquake, terrorism, environmental and flood insurance for some of its communities. However, there are types of losses, generally catastrophic in nature, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, wildfires, pollution, environmental matters or extreme weather conditions such as hurricanes and floods that are uninsurable or not economically insurable. Some employment claims such as California private attorney general actions ( PAGA ) or class actions are also not insurable. The Company utilizes a wholly owned insurance subsidiary, Pacific Western Insurance LLC ( PWI ), to self-insure certain earthquake and property losses for some of the communities in its portfolio. A decline in the value of the securities held by PWI may materially adversely affect PWI s ability to cover all or any portion of the amount of any insured losses. Despite our insurance coverage, the Company may incur material losses due to uninsured risks, deductibles and self-insured retentions, and/or losses in excess of coverage limits. Our communities are located in areas that are subject to earthquake activity. The Company manages and evaluates its financial loss exposure to seismic events by using actuarial loss models and property vulnerability analyses based on structural evaluations by seismic consultants, and by making upgrades to certain properties to better resist seismic events and/or by purchasing seismic insurance in some cases. While the properties were built to the seismic codes in place at the time of construction, not all properties have been, or are required to be, retrofitted to the current seismic codes. Thus, some properties may be subject to physical risk associated with earthquakes, and may suffer significant damage, including, but not limited to, collapse for any number of reasons, including structural deficiencies. Seismic coverage is limited and may not cover the Company s seismic related losses. Our properties or markets may in the future be the target of actual or threatened terrorist attacks, shootings, or other acts of violence, which could directly or indirectly damage our communities both physically and financially, cause uninsured losses, materially adversely affect the value of and our ability to operate our communities, subject us to significant liability claims, or otherwise impair our ability to achieve our expected results. Although the Company may carry insurance for potential losses associated with its communities, employees, tenants, and compliance with applicable laws, it may still incur material losses due to class actions, uninsured risks, deductibles, copayments or losses in excess of applicable insurance coverage. In the event of a substantial loss, insurance coverage may not be able to cover the full replacement cost of the Company s lost investment, or the insurance carrier may become insolvent and not be able to cover the full amount of the insured losses. Changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors might also affect the Company s ability to replace or renovate an apartment community after it has been damaged or destroyed. In addition, a recently 13 Table of Contents destabilized insurance market, litigation financing, and certain causalities and/or losses incurred may expose the Company in the future to higher insurance premiums. Climate change may materially adversely affect our business. As a result of climate change, we may experience extreme weather, an increase in frequency and severity of natural disasters, changes in precipitation, temperature, wildfire and drought exposure, and impacts of rising sea-levels, all of which may result in damage to our communities, a decrease in demand for our communities located in these areas or affected by these conditions, disruption of services at our communities or increased costs associated with water or energy use and maintaining or insuring our communities. Transition risks associated with climate change may result in interruptions in energy access, increased energy costs, or increased regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations regarding reporting and energy efficiency. Should the impact of climate change be material in nature or occur for lengthy periods of time, even if not directly impacting the Company s current markets, the types and pricing of insurance the Company is able to procure may be materially adversely affected and our financial condition or results of operations may be materially adversely affected. We could experience increased costs related to further developing our communities to mitigate or repair damage related to the effects of climate change that may or may not be fully covered by insurance. In addition, changes in federal, state and local legislation and regulation on climate change or natural disaster response could result in temporary rent control, temporary eviction moratoria, increased operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing communities (for example, increased costs associated with meeting electric vehicle charging mandates) and could also require us to spend more on our new development communities without a corresponding increase in revenue. Accidental death or severe injuries at our communities due to wildfires, floods, other disasters or hazards could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our insurance coverage may not cover all losses associated with such events, and we may experience difficulty marketing communities where any such events have occurred, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Further, we may not have the ability to respond immediately to a major event, which may cause increased losses. Adverse changes in laws may materially adversely affect the Company s liabilities and/or operating costs relating to its properties and its operations. Increases in real estate taxes and income, service and transfer taxes cannot always be passed through to tenants in the form of higher rents, and may materially adversely affect the Company s cash available for distribution and its ability to make distributions and pay amounts due on its debts. Additionally, ongoing political volatility may increase the likelihood of significant changes in laws that could affect the Company s overall strategy. Changes in laws increasing the potential liability of the Company and/or its operating costs on a range of issues, including those regarding potential liability for other environmental conditions existing on properties or increasing the restrictions on discharges or other conditions, as well as changes in laws affecting development, construction and safety requirements, may result in significant unanticipated expenditures, including without limitation, those related to structural or seismic retrofit or more costly operational safety systems and programs, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company. Failure to succeed in new markets or with new community operations formats may limit the Company s growth, and additionally, the Company s commercial leases could adversely affect us. The Company may make acquisitions, pursue new business models, explore new capital sources or commence development activity outside of its existing market areas if appropriate opportunities arise, which may expose the Company to new risks, including, but not limited to an inability to evaluate accurately local apartment market conditions and local economies; an inability to identify appropriate acquisition opportunities or to obtain land for development; an inability to hire and retain key personnel; and a lack of familiarity with local governmental and permitting procedures. Additionally, we have adjusted our operating model to reduce the number of staff on-site at individual properties and instituted a hub model where specialized staff can service multiple properties from a central location and rely on certain technologies, such as virtual apartment tours and artificially intelligent leasing agents, to further reduce the need for on-site staffing. There has been resistance to such change from our residents, and if we experience difficulty in retaining residents, this could materially adversely affect the Company s results of operations. Further, there are unknown risks with relying on new technologies and operating models, such as whether there is consumer preference for in-person tours or if we are not able to as rapidly respond to resident demands, and we cannot guarantee that this model will be successful, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. Furthermore, the Company may not be able to lease its commercial space consistent with its projections or at market rates and the longer-term leases for existing space could result in below market rents over time. When leases for our existing commercial space expire, the space may not be relet on a timely basis, or at all, or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than the current lease terms. Our business and reputation depend on our ability to continue providing high quality housing and consistent operation of our communities, the failure of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Public utilities, such as water and electric power providers, are fundamental for the consistent operation of our 14 Table of Contents communities. Any delayed delivery or prolonged interruption of these services may cause tenants to terminate their leases or may result in a reduction of rents and/or increase in our costs or other issues. In addition, we may fail to provide quality housing and continuous access to amenities as a result of other factors, including government mandated closures, mechanical failure, power outage, human error, vandalism, physical or electronic security breaches, war, terrorism or similar events. Such events may also expose us to additional liability claims and damage our reputation and brand and could cause tenants to terminate or not renew their leases, or prospective tenants to seek housing elsewhere. Any such failures could impair our ability to continue providing quality housing and consistent operation of our communities, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The Company s real estate assets may be subject to impairment charges. The Company continually evaluates the recoverability of the carrying value of its real estate assets, including those assets it invests in indirectly or places subordinated loans on through its preferred equity and mezzanine lending program, under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ). Factors considered in evaluating impairment of the Company s existing multifamily real estate assets held for investment include significant declines in property operating profits, recurring property operating losses and other significant adverse changes in general market conditions that are considered permanent in nature. Generally, a multifamily real estate asset held for investment is not considered impaired if the undiscounted, estimated future cash flows of the asset over its estimated holding period are in excess of the asset s net book value at the balance sheet date. Assumptions used to estimate annual and residual cash flow and the estimated holding period of such assets require the judgment of management. There can be no assurance that the Company will not take charges in the future related to the impairment of the Company s assets, including those assets it invests in indirectly or places subordinated loans on through its preferred equity and mezzanine lending program. Any future impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. We face risks associated with land holdings for future developments and related activities. Real estate markets are highly uncertain and the value of undeveloped land may fluctuate significantly. In addition, carrying costs can be significant and can result in losses or reduced profitability. If there are changes in the fair value of our land holdings which we determine is less than the carrying basis of our land holdings reflected in our financial statements plus estimated costs to sell, we may be required to take impairment charges which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations relating to the handling of personal information and we rely on information technology to sustain our operations. Any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or breach of the Company s privacy or information systems, or those of our vendors or other third parties, could materially adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on information technology hardware, software, networks and systems (collectively, IT Systems ), some of which are provided by vendors, to process, transmit and store personal information, tenant and lease data, and other electronic information (collectively, Confidential Information ), and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including financial transactions and records. Our business requires us and some of our vendors to use and store personal and other sensitive information of our tenants and employees, and our collection, use and other processing of personal information is governed by certain federal and state laws and regulations. Privacy and cybersecurity laws continue to evolve, with a number of states passing data privacy laws that govern the processing of information about state residents, and laws may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. The Company endeavors to comply with privacy laws and regulations applicable to it, including the California Consumer Privacy Act and Washington State s My Health My Data Act , which govern the collection, use, retention, disclosure and security of personal information about California and Washington residents, respectively. Compliance with existing and future laws and regulations related to data privacy and protection may increase the Company s operating costs and adversely impact the Company s ability to market the Company s properties and services, and any failure of our systems in place to comply with such laws and regulations could harm our business, reputation and financial condition. Although we have taken steps to abide by applicable privacy and cybersecurity laws, and strive to protect the security of our IT Systems and Confidential Information, the compliance and security measures put in place by the Company and its vendors cannot guarantee perfect compliance or provide absolute security, and the Company and its vendors IT Systems may be vulnerable to numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats and risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our IT Systems and Confidential Information, including through social engineering/phishing, malware (including ransomware), distributed denial-of-service attempts, data theft, account takeovers, social engineering/phishing, technological error, employee error, malfeasance by insiders, misconfigurations, bugs , or other vulnerabilities in Company, or vendor, IT Systems. These threats may be amplified by emerging artificial intelligence technologies, which are expected to pose new or unknown cybersecurity risks and challenges, including as integrated into our or any third party s operations, products and services, and can also come from diverse threat actors, such as state-sponsored organizations, opportunistic hackers and hacktivists. Any incident could compromise the Company s or our vendors IT Systems (or the IT Systems of third parties that facilitate the Company s or such vendors business activities), and the Confidential Information stored by or on behalf of the Company or such vendors could be accessed, misused, publicly disclosed, corrupted, lost, or stolen, resulting in fraud, including wire fraud related to Company assets or tenant payments, access to company funds, or other harm. Moreover, if there is a compliance failure, or if a cybersecurity 15 Table of Contents incident affects the Company s or vendors systems, whether through a breach of the Company s IT Systems or a breach of the IT Systems of third parties, or results in the unauthorized release of Confidential Information, the Company s reputation and brand could be materially damaged, which could increase our costs in attracting and retaining tenants, and other serious consequences may result. Potential other consequences include exposure to litigation, including government enforcement actions, private litigation (including class actions), fines or criminal penalties, negative reputational impacts that cause us to lose existing or future customers, and/or significant incident response, system restoration or remediation and future compliance costs, and potential exposure to a risk of loss including loss related to the fact that agreements with such vendors, or such vendors financial condition, may not allow the Company to recover all costs related to a cybersecurity incident for which they alone or they and the Company should be jointly responsible for, which could result in a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. Privacy and cybersecurity risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of new techniques and tools that circumvent security tools, evade detection and remove forensic evidence, such as artificial intelligence, the increased sophistication, techniques and activities of threat actors, and the broader adoption of remote and hybrid work arrangements that introduce additional security vulnerabilities due to off-network access; accordingly, the Company may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. There can also be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, including our policies, controls or procedures, will be fully implemented, complied with or effective in protecting our IT Systems and Confidential Information. Furthermore, given the nature of complex IT Systems we rely upon, and the scanning tools that we deploy across our networks and products, we regularly identify and track security vulnerabilities. Additionally, remote and hybrid working arrangements at our company (and at many third-party providers) also increase cybersecurity risks due to the challenges associated with managing remote computing assets and security vulnerabilities that are present in many non-corporate and home networks. We may be unable to comprehensively apply patches or confirm that measures are in place to mitigate all such vulnerabilities, or that patches will be applied before vulnerabilities are exploited by a threat actor. We maintain cyber risk insurance, but this may be an insufficient type or amount to cover us against claims related to a cybersecurity incident, and we cannot be certain that such insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claims. Furthermore, we use artificial intelligence technologies in our business and there are significant information technology risks involved in maintaining and deploying these technologies. There can be no assurance that our investments in such technologies will always enhance our services or be beneficial to our business, including our efficiency or profitability. In particular, if the models underlying our artificial intelligence technologies are: incorrectly designed or implemented; trained or reliant on incomplete, inadequate, inaccurate, biased or otherwise poor quality data; used without sufficient oversight, governance or in violation of our internal guidelines, policies and procedures; and/or adversely impacted by unforeseen defects, technical challenges, cybersecurity threats, data privacy concerns, or material performance issues, the performance of our services and business, as well as our reputation, could suffer or we could incur liability resulting from the violation of laws or contracts to which we are a party or civil claims. Finally, in the future, the Company may expend additional resources to continue to enhance the Company s cybersecurity measures to investigate and remediate any cybersecurity vulnerabilities and/or to further ensure compliance with privacy and cybersecurity laws. Despite these steps, the Company may suffer a significant cybersecurity incident in the future, unauthorized parties may gain access to Confidential Information stored on the Company s or its vendors IT Systems, and any such incident may not be discovered in a timely manner. Any cybersecurity incident or failure in the implementation, compliance with or effectiveness of the Company s IT Systems or cybersecurity program or those of third party service providers, or a breach of other third party systems that ultimately impacts the operational or IT Systems of the Company could result in a wide range of material adverse effects to our business and results of operations. 16 Table of Contents Reliance on third party software providers to host systems is critical to our operations and to provide the Company with data, and regulation of those providers and practices may impact operational capabilities. We rely on, or may rely on in the future, certain key software vendors, including artificial intelligence platforms, to support business practices critical to our operations, including the collection and understanding of rent, leads and leasing, and ancillary income, communication with our tenants, interaction and evaluation and/or qualification of our prospective tenants, and to provide us with data. The market is currently experiencing a consolidation of and increased scrutiny on these software vendors, particularly in the multifamily space and algorithmic platforms, which may negatively impact the Company s choice of vendor and pricing options due to lack of optionality or litigation challenges of the vendor or the vendor s underlying algorithmic platform. Moreover, if any of these key vendors were to terminate our relationship or access to data, or fail, we could suffer losses while we seek to replace the services and information provided by the vendors. Further, our failure, or our software vendors failure, to adopt, anticipate or keep pace with the new technologies, such as artificial intelligence solutions, may harm our ability to compete with our peers, decrease the value of our assets and/or impact our future growth. We may from time to time be subject to litigation or regulatory investigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Some of these claims, which may be funded by litigation financing, may result in defense costs, settlements, fines or judgments against us, some of which are not, or cannot be, covered by insurance, the payment of which could have an adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. In addition, certain litigation or the resolution of certain litigation may affect the availability or cost of some of our insurance coverage and expose us to increased risks that would be uninsured. Litigation, even if resolved in our favor, could materially adversely affect our reputation and divert the attention of our management, which could materially adversely affect our operations and cash flow. A number of purported anti-trust class actions were filed against RealPage, Inc., a seller of revenue management software, and various lessors of multifamily housing which utilize this software, including the Company. The complaints allege collusion among defendants to artificially increase rents of multifamily residential real estate above competitive levels. The Company intends to vigorously defend against these lawsuits. The Company is unable to predict the outcome or estimate the amount of loss, if any, that may result from such matters. The Company is also subject to various other legal and/or regulatory proceedings arising in the normal course of its business operations, including certain class actions and PAGA Claims. The current political climate in California may continue to encourage plaintiffs attorneys to bring PAGA Claims and other class actions. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Financings Capital and credit market conditions and volatility, including significant fluctuations in the price of the Company s stock, may affect the Company s access to sources of capital and/or the cost of capital, which could materially adversely affect the Company s business, stock price, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Our current balance sheet, the debt capacity available on the commercial paper program and unsecured line of credit with a diversified bank group, access to the public and private placement debt markets and secured debt financing providers provide some insulation from volatile capital markets. We primarily use external financing, including sales of debt and equity securities, to fund acquisitions, developments, and redevelopments and to refinance indebtedness as it matures. If sufficient sources of external financing are not available to us on cost effective terms, we could be forced to limit our acquisition, development and redevelopment activity and/or take other actions to fund our business activities and repayment of debt, such as selling assets, reducing our cash dividend or distributing less than 100% of our REIT taxable income. In addition, if our ability to obtain financing is materially adversely affected, the Company s stock price may be materially adversely affected, and we may be unable to satisfy scheduled maturities on existing financing through other sources of our liquidity, which, in the case of secured financings, could result in foreclosure. Debt financing has inherent risks. The Company is subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including that cash flow may not be sufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest and the REIT distribution requirements of the Code; inability to renew, repay, or refinance maturing indebtedness on encumbered apartment communities on favorable terms or at all, possibly requiring the Company to sell a property or properties on disadvantageous terms; inability to comply with debt covenants could trigger cash management provisions limiting our ability to control cash flows, cause defaults, or an acceleration of maturity dates; paying debt before the scheduled maturity date could result in prepayment penalties; and defaulting on secured indebtedness may result in lenders seeking a foreclosure or pursuing other remedies which would reduce the Company s income and net asset value, its ability to service other debt, or create taxable income without accompanying cash proceeds, thereby hindering our ability to meet REIT distribution requirements. Any of these risks might result in losses that could have a material adverse effect on the Company and its ability to make distributions and pay amounts due on its debt. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and to fund our operations, working capital and capital expenditures, depends on our ability to generate cash in the future. There is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing 17 Table of Contents indebtedness or that a refinancing will not be done on as favorable terms, which in either case could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Compliance requirements of tax-exempt financing and below market rent requirements may limit income from certain communities. The Company has, and expects to continue using, variable rate tax-exempt financing, which provides for certain deed restrictions and restrictive covenants. If the compliance requirements of the tax-exempt financing restrict our ability to increase our rental rates with respect to certain tenants, then our income from these properties may be limited. While we generally believe that the interest rate benefit attendant to properties with tax-exempt bonds outweighs any loss of income due to restrictive covenants or deed restrictions, this may not always be the case. Some of these requirements are complex and our failure to comply with them may subject us to material fines or liabilities. Certain state and local authorities may impose additional rental restrictions, which may limit income from the tax-exempt financed communities if the Company is required to decrease its rental rates. If the Company does not reserve the required number of apartment homes for tenants satisfying these income requirements, the tax-exempt status of the bonds may be terminated, the obligations under the bond documents may be accelerated and the Company may be subject to additional contractual liability. Notwithstanding the limitations due to tax-exempt financing requirements, the income from certain communities may be limited due to below-market rent requirements imposed by local authorities in connection with the original development of the community. The indentures governing our notes and other financing arrangements contain restrictive covenants that limit our operating flexibility and restrict our ability to take specific actions, even if we believe such actions to be in our best interests, including restrictions on our ability to consummate a merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets; and incur additional secured and unsecured indebtedness. The instruments governing our other unsecured indebtedness require us to meet specified financial and other covenants, which may restrict our ability to expand or fully pursue our business strategies. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our indebtedness, which could cause those and other obligations to become due and payable. If any of our indebtedness is accelerated, we may not be able to repay it. Interest rate hedging arrangements may result in losses. The Company from time to time uses interest rate swaps and interest rate caps to manage certain interest rate risks. Although these agreements may partially protect against rising interest rates, they also may reduce the benefits to the Company if interest rates decline. If a hedging arrangement is not indexed to the same rate as the indebtedness that is hedged, the Company may be exposed to losses to the extent that the rate governing the indebtedness and the rate governing the hedging arrangement change independently of each other. Finally, nonperformance by the other party to the hedging arrangement may subject the Company to increased credit risks. A downgrade in the Company s investment grade credit rating could materially adversely affect its business and financial condition. The Company intends to maintain its investment grade credit rating with a capital structure consistent with its current profile but there can be no assurance that it will be able to maintain its current credit ratings. Any downgrades in terms of ratings or outlook by any of the rating agencies could have a material adverse effect on the Company s cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations and liquidity, as well as the Company s stock price. Changes in the Company s financing policy may lead to higher levels of indebtedness. The Company manages its debt in compliance with debt covenants under its unsecured bank facilities and senior unsecured bonds. However, the Company may increase the amount of outstanding debt at any time without a concurrent improvement in the Company s ability to service the additional debt, resulting in an increased risk of default on its debt covenants or on its debt obligations and in an increase in debt service requirements. Any covenant breach or significant increase in the Company s leverage could materially adversely affect the Company s financial condition and ability to access debt and equity capital markets in the future. If the Company or any of its subsidiaries defaults on an obligation to repay outstanding indebtedness when due, the default could trigger a cross-default or cross-acceleration under other indebtedness. A default, including a default under mortgage indebtedness, lines of credit, commercial paper program, bank term loan, the indenture for the Company s outstanding senior notes, or the Company s interest rate hedging arrangements that is not waived by the applicable required lenders, holders of outstanding notes or counterparties could trigger cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions under one or more agreements governing the Company s indebtedness, which could cause an immediate default or allow the lenders to declare all funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable. The Company could be negatively impacted by the condition of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac and by changes in government support for multifamily housing. In the event that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac discontinue providing liquidity to our sector, have their mandates changed or reduced or be disbanded or reorganized by the government or if there is reduced government support for multifamily housing more generally, it may adversely affect interest rates, capital availability, development of 18 Table of Contents multifamily communities and the value of multifamily residential real estate and, as a result, may adversely affect the Company and its growth and operations. Risks Related to Personnel The Company depends on its personnel, whose continued service is not guaranteed. The Company s success depends on its ability to attract, train and retain executive officers, senior officers and company managers. There is substantial competition for qualified personnel in the real estate industry and the departure of any of the Company s key personnel could have a material adverse effect on the Company. While the Company engages in regular succession planning for key positions, the Company s plans may be impacted and therefore adjusted due to the departure of any key personnel. The Company must continue to recruit, train and retain qualified operational staff at its properties, which may be difficult in a highly competitive job market. Changes to our Company s operational structure could result in an increase in issues or departures among our operational staff. Our ability to timely deliver quality customer service or to respond to building repair and maintenance requests may be negatively impacted without adequate operational staff, which may materially adversely affect the results of operations. Additionally, we could be subject to labor union efforts to organize our employees from time to time and, if successful, those organizational efforts may decrease our operational flexibility and increase operational costs. The Company s Chairman is involved in other real estate activities and investments, which may lead to conflicts of interest. The Company s Chairman, George M. Marcus, is not an employee of the Company, and is involved in other real estate activities and investments, which may lead to conflicts of interest. Mr. Marcus owns interests in various other real estate-related businesses and investments. He is the Chairman of the Marcus Millichap Company ( MMC ), which is a parent company of a diversified group of real estate service, investment and development firms. While conflict of interest protocols and agreements are in place, Mr. Marcus and his affiliated entities may potentially compete with the Company in acquiring and/or developing apartment communities, which may be detrimental to the interests of Essex s stockholders and the Operating Partnership s unitholders. The influence of executive officers, directors, and significant stockholders may be detrimental to holders of common stock. Under the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership, the consent of the holders of limited partnership interests is generally required for certain amendments of the agreement and for certain extraordinary actions. Through their ownership of limited partnership interests, and their positions with the Company, certain directors and executive officers, including Mr. Marcus, could have influence on the Company. Consequently, their influence could result in decisions that may not reflect the interests of all stockholders. Our related party guidelines may not adequately address all of the issues that may arise with respect to related party transactions. The Company has adopted Related Party Transaction Approval Process Guidelines that are intended to determine whether a particular related party transaction is fair, reasonable and serves the interests of the Company s stockholders. Pursuant to these guidelines, related party transactions have been approved by the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors ( Board ) from time to time. There is no assurance that this policy will be adequate for determining whether a particular related party transaction is suitable and fair for the Company. Also, the policy s procedures may not identify and address all the potential issues and conflicts of interests with a related party transaction. Employee theft or fraud could result in loss. Should any employee compromise our information technology systems, commit fraud or theft of the Company s assets, or misappropriate tenant or other information, we could incur losses, including significant financial or reputational harm, from which full recovery cannot be assured. We also may not have insurance that covers any losses in full or that covers losses from particular criminal acts. Risks Related to Taxes, Our Status as a REIT and Our Organizational Structure Failure to generate sufficient rental revenue or other liquidity needs and impacts of economic conditions could limit cash flow available for dividend distributions, as well as the form and timing of such distributions, to Essex s stockholders or the Operating Partnership s unitholders. Significant expenditures associated with each community such as debt service payments, if any, real estate taxes, insur