=== ADM_2026-02-17.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company s Ag Services and Oilseeds and Carbohydrate Solutions segments are principally agricultural commodity-based businesses where changes in selling prices move in relationship to changes in prices of the commodity-based agricultural raw materials. As a result, changes in agricultural commodity prices have relatively equal impacts on both revenues and cost of products sold. The Company's Nutrition segment primarily utilizes agricultural commodities (or products derived from agricultural commodities) as raw materials. However, in these operations, agricultural commodity market price changes do not necessarily strongly correlate to changes in cost of products sold. As a result, changes in revenues may correspond to changes in margins. The Company has consolidated subsidiaries in 75 countries. For the majority of the Company s subsidiaries located outside the United States, the local currency is the functional currency except for certain significant subsidiaries in Switzerland where Euro is the functional currency, and Brazil and Argentina where U.S. dollar is the functional currency. Revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates for the applicable periods. For the majority of the Company s business activities in Brazil and Argentina, the functional currency is the U.S. dollar; however, certain transactions, including taxes, occur in local currency and require remeasurement to the functional currency. Changes in revenues are expected to be correlated to changes in expenses reported by the Company caused by fluctuations in the exchange rates of foreign currencies, primarily the Euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, and Brazilian real, as compared to the U.S. dollar. The Company measures its performance using key financial metrics including net earnings, adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS), margins, segment operating profit, total segment operating profit, earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT), earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA), and adjusted EBITDA. Some of these metrics are not defined by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) and should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, GAAP financial measures. For more information, see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below. The Company s financial results can vary significantly due to changes in factors such as fluctuations in energy prices, weather conditions, crop plantings, government programs and policies, trade policies, changes in global demand, general global economic conditions, changes in standards of living, global production of similar and competitive crops, and geopolitical developments. Due to the unpredictable nature of these and other factors, the Company undertakes no responsibility for updating any forward-looking information contained within this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Year Ended December 31, 2025 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2024 Market Factors Influencing Operations and Results in the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2025 The Company is subject to a variety of market factors which affect the Company s operations and results, including those discussed below related to 2025. In the Ag Services and Oilseeds segment, increased global supplies of grains and oilseeds, higher projected ending stocks-to-use ratios, the deferral of U.S. biofuel policy, the evolving global trade landscape, and logistical and weather challenges resulted in compressed margins. The Ag Services subsegment in North America was impacted by global trade policy uncertainty, though it benefited from the partial return of soybean exports in the fourth quarter of the current year from North America to China. Further, low water levels slowed execution pace; South America Origination was negatively impacted by slower corn farmer selling, and the Black Sea business was negatively impacted by farmer retention and logistical issues due to the Russia-Ukraine conflict escalations. In the Crushing and the Refined Products and Other (RPO) subsegments, the postponement of the implementation of European Union Deforestation Regulation and the deferral of U.S. biofuel and trade policy evolution negatively impacted sales volumes and margins. 29 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS In the Carbohydrate Solutions segment, solid domestic and export demand for ethanol, along with lower industry production, helped improve imbalances between production and domestic demand. For the Starches and Sweeteners subsegment, North America saw demand softness in the sweeteners, paper, and corrugated markets. Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) was impacted by higher corn costs and increased competition. In the Nutrition segment, the Human Nutrition subsegment continued to see growth trends in the Flavors market, as high value categories such as energy drinks and ready to drink beverages continued to perform strongly. Similarly, the Dietary Supplements market continued to grow in line with historical rates and shows expansion opportunities as customer acceptance of postbiotics (heat-stable version of probiotics) allows sales in a larger variety of segments (food and beverage). While tariffs and inflation continue to pose challenges to the Human Nutrition subsegment, clean label and healthier categories are outpacing the broader industry. In the Animal Nutrition subsegment, declining commodity prices continued to support feed ration commodities as well as additive markets, while localized volume softness impacted demand. Processed volumes by product for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows (in metric tons): (In thousands) 2025 2024 Change Oilseeds 36,324 35,719 605 Corn 18,525 18,541 (16) The Company generally operates its production facilities, on an overall basis, at or near capacity, adjusting facilities individually, as needed, to react to the current margin environment and seasonal local supply and demand conditions. The increase in processed oilseeds volumes in 2025 was primarily related to higher volumes in South America due to improved plant reliability, in addition to improved North America crush volumes driven by improved utilization after the restoration of operations at the Company s Decatur, Illinois facility. The processed corn volumes were consistent year over year. Federal Clean Fuel Production Credits and Federal Blenders and Producers Credits Biodiesel tax incentives have been provided through various U.S. statutes. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 introduced the Clean Fuel Production Credit (IRC Section 45Z or "45Z"). The 45Z credit is effective for fuel produced and sold between January 1, 2025 and December 31, 2029 and replaces prior incentives such as the Blenders Tax Credit ("BTC") for qualifying fuels. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company did not generate significant 45Z credits. The Company estimates that the total benefits available under 45Z will be higher in future periods primarily due to changes enacted in the OBBBA. The BTC was previously the primary regulation, applicable to qualifying biodiesel. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 extended the BTC through December 31, 2024 and established the 45Z effective January 1, 2025, as discussed above. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recorded benefits of $316 million related to the BTC. Results of Operations Earnings before income taxes decreased 44% or $1.0 billion, to $1.3 billion. Results in the current year were primarily driven by lower pricing and execution margins. In 2025, the Company recorded $372 million of impairments driven by revaluation losses related to investments in the alternative protein market and the Company's updated investment strategy around startup and development stage companies, $283 million of asset impairment, exit, contingency, restructuring charges, and impairment charges of $179 million related to previously capitalized software, and Wilmar International Limited ( Wilmar ) equity earnings related impacts reflecting a one time remeasurement gain of $254 million and a $163 million penalty charge. In the prior year period, the Company recorded a $461 million impairment of its investment in Wilmar. 30 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Total segment operating profit (a non-GAAP measure) in 2025 decreased 23% or $1.0 billion, to $3.2 billion, primarily driven by lower results in the Ag Services and Oilseeds segment and the Carbohydrate Solutions segment. Total segment operating profit (a non-GAAP measure) in the year ended December 31, 2025 excluded specified items of $236 million that were primarily comprised of asset impairment, exit, and restructuring costs, as well as net impacts related to Wilmar. Total segment operating profit (a non-GAAP measure) in the year ended December 31, 2024 excluded asset impairment, restructuring, and net settlement contingencies of $490 million. Total segment operating profit (a non-GAAP measure) is reconciled to earnings before income taxes, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, in the " Non-GAAP Financial Measures " section below. Revenues for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, were as follows (in millions): 2025 2024 Change Ag Services and Oilseeds Ag Services $ 40,363 $ 44,083 $ (3,720) Crushing 10,353 11,836 (1,483) Refined Products and Other 10,855 10,597 258 Total Ag Services and Oilseeds 61,571 66,516 (4,945) Carbohydrate Solutions Starches and Sweeteners 7,982 8,587 (605) Vantage Corn Processors 2,755 2,647 108 Total Carbohydrate Solutions 10,737 11,234 (497) Nutrition Human Nutrition 4,187 3,944 243 Animal Nutrition 3,325 3,405 (80) Total Nutrition 7,512 7,349 163 Total Segment Revenues 79,820 85,099 (5,279) Other Business 449 431 18 Total Revenues $ 80,269 $ 85,530 $ (5,261) Revenues and cost of products sold in agricultural merchandising and processing businesses are significantly correlated to the underlying commodity prices and volumes. In periods of significant changes in market prices, the underlying performance of the Company is better evaluated by looking at margins since both revenues and cost of products sold, particularly in the Ag Services and Oilseeds segment, generally have a relatively equal impact from market price changes which generally result in an insignificant impact to gross profit. Revenues decreased $5.3 billion to $80.3 billion driven by lower sales volumes ($2.9 billion) and lower sales prices ($2.3 billion). Lower sales volumes of soybeans, corn, and sorghum were partially offset by higher sales volumes of meal and oils. Lower sales prices of meal, soybeans, and wheat were partially offset by higher sales prices of corn and oils. Ag Services and Oilseeds revenues decreased 7% to $61.6 billion driven by lower sales volumes ($2.8 billion) and lower sales prices ($2.1 billion). Carbohydrate Solutions revenues decreased 4% to $10.7 billion driven by lower sales prices ($330 million) and lower sales volumes ($167 million). Nutrition revenues increased 2% to $7.5 billion driven by higher sales prices ($68 million) and the benefit of a contract cancellation in Health and Wellness ($55 million). 31 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Cost of products sold decreased $4.5 billion to $75.2 billion driven by lower sales volumes and lower average commodity costs. Manufacturing expenses increased $209 million primarily driven by higher compensation costs, insurance costs, and EMEA energy costs, partially offset by decreases in maintenance costs. Gross profit decreased $745 million or 13%, to $5.0 billion driven by a decrease in margins of $865 million in Ag Services and Oilseeds, partially offset by a margin increase of $113 million in Nutrition. Selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased 3% to $3.6 billion primarily driven by decreased third party service costs, due to improved cost management, and lower financing fees related to the Company s accounts receivable securitization programs, driven by the Company's cash management initiative. The decrease was partially offset by increased compensation costs and provisions for bad debts. Asset impairment, exit, and restructuring costs decreased $72 million to $473 million. Charges in the current year included $283 million of restructuring charges, primarily driven by $207 million and $46 million of charges within the Nutrition segment and the Ag Services and Oilseeds segment, respectively, and an impairment charge of $179 million, related to previously capitalized software, within Corporate. Charges in the prior year included a $461 million impairment related to the Company's Wilmar equity investment, $43 million of impairments related to customer lists and discontinued trademarks in the Animal Nutrition subsegment, $4 million of reportable segment specific restructuring charges and $23 million of restructuring in Corporate. Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates increased $27 million to $648 million driven by higher earnings from the Company s investments in Wilmar and Olenex, partially offset by lower earnings in Stratas Foods, Terminal de Gr os Ponta da Montanha S.A., and Mid-America Biofuels. Current year Wilmar earnings included the impact of the Company's share of Wilmar's remeasurement gain of the $254 million and penalty charge of $163 million. See Note 8. Investments in and Advances to Affiliates of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information. Interest and investment income decreased $444 million to $118 million, primarily due to revaluation losses of $372 million, driven by $257 million and $115 million within Corporate and the Nutrition segment, respectively, in addition to lower interest income at ADM Investor Services due to lower interest rates. Interest expense decreased $94 million to $612 million primarily due to improved cash management, driven by decreased expense within Corporate driven by lower use of the Company s commercial paper borrowing programs, lower interest rates, and favorable settlements of international tax audits, as well as lower interest rates at ADM Investor Services. Other income - net of $150 million decreased $101 million, driven by lower third party insurance recoveries related to Decatur East and West. Income taxes of $182 million decreased $294 million. The Company s effective tax rate for 2025 was 14.5% compared to 21.1% for 2024 . The change in the effective rate was driven primarily by tax treatment of non-recurring items and the Company's geographic mix of earnings. 32 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Segment Operating Profit Segment operating profit for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 was as follows (in millions): 2025 2024 Change Segment Operating Profit (1) Ag Services and Oilseeds Ag Services $ 636 $ 715 $ (79) Crushing 159 844 (685) Refined Products and Other 529 552 (23) Wilmar 290 336 (46) Total Ag Services and Oilseeds $ 1,614 $ 2,447 $ (833) Carbohydrate Solutions Starches and Sweeteners $ 1,059 $ 1,343 $ (284) Vantage Corn Processors 152 33 119 Total Carbohydrate Solutions $ 1,211 $ 1,376 $ (165) Nutrition Human Nutrition $ 319 $ 327 $ (8) Animal Nutrition 98 59 39 Total Nutrition $ 417 $ 386 $ 31 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2025, segment operating profit for the Ag Services and Oilseeds, Carbohydrate Solutions and Nutrition segments included a positive impact of timing-related adjustments for incentive compensation payouts of $45 million, $12 million, and $20 million, respectively. The offsetting adjustment of $77 million was recorded in Corporate with no net impact to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In the Ag Services and Oilseeds segment, segment operating profit decreased 34%. Ag Services subsegment had lower results compared to the prior year, primarily driven by lower Global Trade results, driven by lower margins due to negative freight timing and lower trading results, and a decrease in sales volumes, partially offset by productivity actions, leading to decreased expenses, and improved Transportation results. Ag Services subsegment results were further impacted by decreased North American volumes and margins, driven by lower soybean exports and the impact of certain export duties, improved results in South America, driven by lower costs related to logistics take or pay contracts that negatively impacted the prior year, partially offset by the temporary disruption at a key port facility in Brazil and lower investment income in South America. Ag Services had approximately $37 million of net negative mark-to-market timing impacts during the current year, compared to approximately $34 million of net positive impacts in the prior year. The Crushing subsegment had lower results versus the prior year, driven by lower soy and canola crush margins and higher manufacturing costs in North America and EMEA; in addition to a decrease in insurance proceeds in the current year of $32 million, down from $76 million in the prior year, relating to the Decatur East insurance claim. South America Crushing results improved slightly on higher volumes. Crushing had approximately $46 million of net positive mark-to-market timing impacts during the current year, compared to approximately $20 million of net positive impacts in the prior year. Refined Products and Other subsegment results were lower than the prior year, driven by uncertain trade policy and lower demand for vegetable oil and biodiesel, negatively impacting biodiesel and refining margins in Europe and North America. The Refined Products and Other subsegment had approximately $46 million of net positive mark-to-market timing impacts during the current year, compared to approximately $194 million of net negative impacts in the prior year. 33 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS In the Carbohydrate Solutions segment, segment operating profit decreased 12% compared to the prior year. The Starches and Sweeteners subsegment results were lower compared to the prior year driven by lower wet mill ethanol and starch margins and higher manufacturing costs. Prior year results in North America benefitted from the receipt of $84 million of insurance proceeds from the settlement of Decatur West and Decatur East insurance claims compared to $9 million of proceeds received in the current year. In EMEA, results were driven by lower volumes and margins due to the competitive pricing environment and crop quality issues. Global Wheat Milling margins improved due to higher wheat basis gains. The Vantage Corn Processors subsegment results increased compared to the prior year, driven by improved ethanol volumes and margins. In the Nutrition segment, segment operating profit increased 8%. Human Nutrition subsegment results were lower than the prior year. Flavors results were higher compared to the prior year, driven by higher volumes and margins in North America due to an increase in sales among existing key customers across multiple product categories. Specialty Ingredients results were lower, driven by higher raw material and manufacturing costs due to the resumption of operations at the Decatur East facility. The prior year also benefitted from approximately $71 million of insurance proceeds related to the Decatur East claim as compared to no proceeds in the current year. In Health and Wellness, results were lower as decreased margins, driven by certain negative inventory valuation adjustments and reduced tolling margins due to a contract cancellation, partially offset by higher Biotics margins. Animal Nutrition subsegment results were higher compared to the prior year, driven by cost optimization efforts and improved margins due to higher margin in feed additives and lower raw material costs. Other Business and Corporate Results Other Business contribution of operating profit increased 21% from $247 million to $298 million, Captive insurance results improved, driven by lower claim settlements. Current year results included claim payments to segments of $41 million to other segments for the Decatur East and West insurance claims, of which $39 million was from reinsurers, compared to prior year results including partial settlements to segments of $231 million for the Decatur East and West insurance claims, of which $133 million was from reinsurers. ADM Investor Services results were lower due to lower interest rates. Corporate results were as follows (in millions): 2025 2024 Change Interest expense - net (1) $ (408) $ (482) $ 74 Unallocated corporate function costs (2) (1,146) (1,205) 59 Expenses related to acquisitions (7) 7 Revaluation losses, including impairment, contingency and restructuring charges (3) (495) (23) (472) Other income - net (4) 4 Total Corporate $ (2,049) $ (1,721) $ (328) (1) Interest expense - net decreased $74 million, driven by reduced short-term borrowings, lower interest rates on the Company s commercial paper borrowing programs, and favorable settlements of international tax audits. (2) Unallocated corporate function costs decreased $59 million, driven by decreases in financing fees related to the Company s accounts receivable securitization programs, due to improved cash management, in addition to lower third party service costs and lower corporate function costs, due to cost management initiatives, partially offset by increased incentive compensation. (3) Revaluation losses, including impairment, contingency and restructuring charges increased $472 million driven by $257 million of impairment charges related to market dynamics and the Company's updated investment strategy around startup and development stage companies, an impairment charge of $179 million related to previously capitalized software, and $40 million of charges relating to a legal reserve, all presented as specified items. 34 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Non-GAAP Financial Measures The Company uses certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC. These are measures of performance not defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, and should be considered in addition to, not in lieu of, GAAP reported measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in this section. The Company uses adjusted net earnings, adjusted diluted EPS, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and total segment operating profit, non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC, to evaluate the Company s financial performance. Adjusted net earnings is defined as net earnings adjusted for the effects on net earnings of specified items as more fully described in the reconciliation tables. Adjusted diluted EPS is defined as diluted EPS adjusted for the effects on reported diluted EPS of specified items as more fully described in the reconciliation tables. EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest on borrowings, taxes, and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest on borrowings, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, adjusted to exclude the impact of specified items as more fully described in the reconciliation tables. Total segment operating profit is defined as ADM s consolidated earnings before income taxes, adjusted for Other Business, Corporate, and specified items as more fully described in the reconciliation tables. Management believes that adjusted net earnings, adjusted diluted EPS, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and total segment operating profit are useful measures of the Company s performance because they provide investors additional information about the Company s operations allowing better evaluation of underlying business performance and better period-to-period comparability. Adjusted net earnings, adjusted diluted EPS, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and total segment operating profit are not intended to replace or be an alternative to net earnings, diluted EPS, and earnings before income taxes, the most directly comparable amounts reported under GAAP. The table below provides a reconciliation of net earnings (the most directly comparable GAAP measure) to adjusted net earnings (a non-GAAP measure) and diluted EPS (the most directly comparable GAAP measure) to adjusted diluted EPS (a non-GAAP measure) for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. 2025 2024 In millions Per share In millions Per share Average number of shares outstanding - diluted 484 493 Net earnings and diluted EPS $ 1,078 $ 2.23 $ 1,800 $ 3.65 Adjustments: (1) (Gain) on sale of assets and businesses (net of tax of $9 million in 2025 and $3 million in 2024) (30) (0.06) (8) (0.02) Impairment, exit, restructuring charges, and settlement contingencies (net of tax of $154 million in 2025 and $1 million in 2024) 776 1.60 512 1.04 ADM's share of equity method investment non-recurring (gains) and charges, net (91) (0.18) Expenses related to acquisitions (net of tax of $2 million in 2024) 5 0.01 (Gain) on contract termination (net of tax of $17 million in 2025) (52) (0.11) Certain discrete tax adjustments (21) (0.05) 30 0.06 Total adjustments 582 1.20 539 1.09 Adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted EPS $ 1,660 $ 3.43 $ 2,339 $ 4.74 (1) Tax effected using the U.S. and other applicable tax rates. 35 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The table below provides a reconciliation of net earnings (the most directly comparable GAAP measure) to EBITDA (a non-GAAP measure) and adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP measure) for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in millions). 2025 2024 Change Net earnings $ 1,078 $ 1,800 $ (722) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests (5) (21) 16 Income tax expense 182 476 (294) Earnings Before Income Taxes 1,255 2,255 (1,000) Interest expense (1) 446 506 (60) Depreciation and amortization (2) 1,161 1,141 20 EBITDA 2,862 3,902 (1,040) (Gains) on sale of assets and businesses (39) (11) (28) Impairment, exit, restructuring charges, and settlement contingencies 930 513 417 ADM's share of equity method investment non-recurring (gains) and charges, net (91) (91) (Gain) on contract termination (69) (69) Expenses related to acquisitions 7 (7) Railroad maintenance expense 63 64 (1) Adjusted EBITDA $ 3,657 $ 4,476 $ (819) (1) Represents interest expense on borrowings and therefore excludes ADM Investor Services related interest expense. (2) Excludes $20 million of accelerated depreciation recorded within restructuring charges as a specified item for the year ended December 31, 2025. The table below provides a reconciliation of earnings before income taxes (the most directly comparable GAAP measure) to total segment operating profit (a non-GAAP measure) for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in millions). 2025 2024 Change Earnings Before Income Taxes $ 1,255 $ 2,255 $ (1,000) Other Business (earnings) (298) (247) (51) Corporate 2,049 1,721 328 Specified Items: (Gains) on sale of assets and businesses (39) (10) (29) Impairment, exit, restructuring charges, and settlement contingencies 435 490 (55) ADM's share of equity method investment non-recurring (gains) and charges, net (91) $ (91) (Gain) on contract termination (69) $ (69) Total Segment Operating Profit $ 3,242 $ 4,209 $ (967) 36 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company's objective is to have sufficient liquidity, balance sheet strength, and financial flexibility to fund the operating and capital requirements of a capital intensive agricultural commodity-based business. The Company depends on access to credit markets, which can be impacted by its credit rating and factors outside of the Company s control, to fund its working capital needs and capital expenditures. The primary source of funds to finance the Company s operations, capital expenditures, and advancement of its growth strategy is cash generated by operations and lines of credit, including a commercial paper borrowing facility and accounts receivable securitization programs. In addition, the Company believes it has access to funds from public and private equity and debt capital markets in both U.S. and international markets. At December 31, 2025, the Company s capital resources included shareholders equity of $22.7 billion and lines of credit, including the accounts receivable securitization programs described below, totaling $12.3 billion, of which $9.4 billion was unused. Of the Company s total lines of credit, $5.1 billion supported the commercial paper borrowing programs, against which there was $715 million of commercial paper outstanding at December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had $1.0 billion of cash and cash equivalents, $312 million of which is cash held by foreign subsidiaries whose undistributed earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested. Based on the Company s historical ability to generate sufficient cash flows from its U.S. operations and unused and available U.S. credit capacity of $5.1 billion, the Company has asserted these funds are indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. As of December 31, 2025, the Company has total available liquidity of $10.4 billion comprised of cash and cash equivalents and unused lines of credit. The Company believes that cash flows from operations, cash and cash equivalents on hand, and unused lines of credit will be sufficient to meet its ongoing liquidity requirements for at least the next twelve months. Operating Cash Flows Net cash provided by operating activities was $5.5 billion, $2.8 billion, and $4.5 billion for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2025 compared to 2024 was due to changes in net working capital, partially offset by lower earnings in the current year. Changes in net working capital were driven by changes in inventory, payables to brokerage customers and segregated investments, partially offset by changes in accrued expenses and other payables. Changes in inventories resulted in cash inflow of $1.5 billion in the current year reflecting lower commodity pricing and reductions driven by working capital reduction initiatives, compared to an inflow of $162 million in the prior-year, reflecting lower commodity pricing. Changes in payables to brokerage customers resulted in cash inflow of $1.1 billion in the current year compared to an outflow of $78 million in the prior year. The inflow in the current year is driven by increased trading activity in the Company s futures commission and brokerage business. Change in segregated investments resulted in an outflow of $43 million in the current year compared to an outflow of $693 million in the prior year, driven by brokerage customer trading activity. Changes in accrued expenses and other payables resulted in an outflow of $823 million in the c urrent year period compared to an outflow of $276 million in the prior year perio d, primarily driven by the valuation of derivative contracts. Investing Cash Flows Net cash used in investing activities was $1.0 billion, $2.7 billion, and $1.5 billion for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 37 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 primarily included additions to property, plant and equipment of $1.2 billion, business acquisitions, net of cash acquired of $108 million, proceeds from sales of marketable securities of $277 million, and proceeds from sales of assets, businesses and investments of $111 million. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2024 included additions to property, plant and equipment of $1.6 billion, businesses acquired, net of cash acquired of $927 million and purchase of marketable securities of $308 million. Financing Cash Flows Net cash used in financing activities was $2.9 billion, $1.5 billion, and $4.6 billion for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. In the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company repaid in full 650 million of 1.000% notes, previously included within Current maturities of long-term debt. Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 included net repayments for short-term credit agreements of $1.1 billion and net borrowings of $1.8 billion, respectively. Dividends paid for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $987 million, $985 million, and $977 million, respectively. No share repurchases were made in the twelve months ended December 31, 2025. Cash paid for share repurchases for the year ended December 31, 2024 was $2.3 billion. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had 115 million shares remaining that may be repurchased under its stock repurchase program until December 31, 2029. Credit Ratings As of December 31, 2025, the three major credit rating agencies maintained the Company s credit ratings at investment grade levels with a negative outlook. Accounts Receivable Securitization Program The Company has accounts receivable securitization programs (the Programs ) with certain commercial paper conduit purchasers and committed purchasers. The Programs provide the Company with up to $3.0 billion in funding against accounts receivable transferred into the Programs and expand the Company s access to liquidity through efficient use of its balance sheet assets (see Part II. Item 8. Note 19. Sale of Accounts Receivable for more information and disclosures on the Programs). As of December 31, 2025, the Company utilized $2.1 billion of its facility under the Programs. Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments In 2026, the Company expects capital expenditures of approximately $1.4 billion and dividend payments of $1.0 billion, subject to other strategic uses of capital and the evolution of operating cash flows and the working capital position throughout the year. The Company s other material cash requirements within the next 12 months include current maturities of long-term debt of $1.0 billion, interest payments of $527 million, operating lease payments of $357 million, and pension, other postretirement, and defined contribution plan contributions of $119 million. The Company s purchase obligations as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 were $13.8 billion and $12.4 billion, respectively. The increase is primarily related to an increase in obligations for commodities. As of December 31, 2025, the Company expects to make payments related to purchase obligations of $12.5 billion within the next twelve months. The Company expects to make payments related to debt and interest, operating leases, purchase obligations and other material cash requirements beyond the next twelve months of approximately $15.3 billion. 38 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The Company s credit facilities and certain debentures require the Company to comply with specified financial and non-financial covenants including maintenance of minimum tangible net worth as well as limitations related to incurring liens, secured debt, and certain other financing arrangements. The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2025. Critical Accounting Estimates The process of preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the carrying values of the Company s assets and liabilities as well as the recognition of revenues and expenses. These estimates and judgments are based on the Company s historical experience and management s knowledge and understanding of current facts and circumstances. Certain of the Company s accounting estimates are considered critical, as these estimates are important to the depiction of the Company s financial statements and require significant or complex judgment by management. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with GAAP which involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on ADM s financial condition and results of operations. Management has discussed with the Company s Audit Committee the development, selection, disclosure, and application of these critical accounting estimates. Following are the accounting estimates management considers critical to the Company s financial statements. Fair Value Measurements - Inventories and Commodity Derivatives Description: Certain of the Company s inventory, inventory-related payables, and commodity derivative assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2025 are valued at estimated fair values, including $6.2 billion of merchandisable agricultural commodity inventories, $822 million of commodity derivative assets, $613 million of commodity derivative liabilities, and $730 million of inventory-related payables. Commodity derivative assets and liabilities include forward purchase and sales contracts for agricultural commodities. Merchandisable agricultural commodities are freely traded, have quoted market prices, and may be sold without significant additional processing. Judgments and Uncertainties: Management estimates fair value for its commodity-related assets and liabilities based on exchange-quoted prices, adjusted for differences in local markets. The Company s inventory, inventory-related payables, and commodity derivative fair value measurements are mainly based on observable market quotations without significant adjustments and are therefore reported as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Level 3 fair value measurements of approximately $3.2 billion of assets and $329 million of liabilities represent fair value estimates where unobservable price components represent 10% or more of the total fair value price. For more information concerning amounts reported as Level 3, see Part II. Item 8. Note 4. Fair Value Measurements. Sensitivity of Estimate to Change: Changes in the market values of these inventories and commodity contracts are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings as a component of cost of products sold. If management used different methods or factors to estimate market value, amounts reported could differ materially. Additionally, if market conditions change subsequent to year-end, amounts reported in future periods could differ materially. Income Taxes Description: The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the applicable accounting standards which prescribe a minimum threshold a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Deferred taxes are recognized for the estimated taxes ultimately payable or recoverable based on enacted tax law. Changes in enacted tax rates are reflected in the tax provision as they occur. Judgments and Uncertainties: ADM calculates its provision for income taxes based on the statutory tax rates and tax attributes available to the Company in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. The Company uses judgment in evaluating the Company s tax positions and determining its annual tax provision. 39 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Sensitivity of Estimate to Change: While ADM considers all of its tax positions fully supportable, the Company faces challenges from U.S. and foreign tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. The Company recognizes a tax position in its Consolidated Financial Statements when it is determined to be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, based on its technical merits. The position is then measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Business Combinations Description: The Company s acquisitions are accounted for in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 805, Business Combinations, as amended. The consideration transferred is allocated to various assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date with the residual allocated to goodwill. Judgments and Uncertainties: Fair values allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations require management to make significant judgments, estimates, and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Management makes estimates of fair values based upon assumptions it believes to be reasonable. These estimates are based upon historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. The estimated fair values related to intangible assets primarily consist of customer relationships, trademarks, and developed technology which are determined primarily using discounted cash flow models. Estimates in the discounted cash flow models include, but are not limited to, certain assumptions that form the basis of the forecasted results (e.g. revenue growth rates, customer attrition rates, and royalty rates). These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. Sensitivity of Estimate to Change: During the measurement period, which may take up to one year from the acquisition date, adjustments due to changes in the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be recorded as adjustments to the consideration transferred and related allocations. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or the final determination of the values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any such adjustments are charged to the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Goodwill Impairment Description: Goodwill represents the aggregate of the excess consideration paid for acquired businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired. At December 31, 2025, the Company had goodwill of $4.8 billion. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually on October 1 or more frequently whenever there are indicators that the carrying value may not be fully recoverable, utilizing either the qualitative or quantitative testing method. The Company has seven reporting units with goodwill identified at one level below the operating segment using the criteria in ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350). Two reporting units do not have any recorded goodwill. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company evaluated goodwill for impairment using a qualitative assessment for six reporting units and using a quantitative assessment for the Animal Nutrition reporting unit. See Part II. Item 8. Note 9. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets for further information. Judgments and Uncertainties: The Company has the option to first qualitatively assess factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If the Company elects not to use this option, or it is determined that qualitative factors alone are not sufficient to conclude whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, or it is determined from the qualitative assessment that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, then the Company performs the quantitative goodwill impairment test. As part of the Company s impairment analysis, the fair value of a reporting unit is generally determined using both the income and market approaches. Critical estimates in the determination of the fair value, when using a discounted cash flow analysis, of each reporting unit require management to make assumptions including, but not limited to, future expected cash flows of the reporting unit utilizing appropriate revenue growth, EBITDA margins, and discount rates. A decline in the actual cash flows of a reporting unit in future periods, as compared to the projected cash flows used in the discounted cash flow analysis, could result in the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeding its fair value. Further, a change in the discount rate, as a result of a change in economic conditions or otherwise, could result in the carrying values of the reporting units exceeding their respective fair values. Although the Company believes its estimates of fair value are reasonable, actual financial results could differ from those estimates due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making such estimates. 40 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Sensitivity of Estimate to Change: The estimated fair value of the Animal Nutrition reporting unit was evaluated to be approximately 15% in excess of its carrying value and no impairment was recorded. The Company used a combination of the income and market approaches when performing the quantitative assessment of goodwill for the Animal Nutrition reporting unit. The Company weighted the income approach with a probability weight of 75%, as it is based on the future business plans and growth estimates for the Company s Animal Nutrition business and thus considers short-term and long-term cash flow expectations for the business. The market approach was weighted at 25%, as it represents an estimate of fair value based on market guideline companies for which future growth expectations are not precisely known. The income approach is predicated upon the value of the estimated future cash flows that a business will generate going forward. The Company used the Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) method under the income approach for the analysis of Animal Nutrition. The market approach assumes that companies operating in the same industry will share similar characteristics and that values will correlate to those characteristics. Therefore, under the market approach, a comparison of the reporting unit to similar companies whose financial information is publicly available may provide a reasonable basis to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit. The two forms of the market approach most commonly applied are the Guideline Public Company (GPC) method and the Guideline Merged and Acquired Company (GMAC) method. The Company utilized the GPC method to estimate the fair value of the Animal Nutrition reporting unit under the market approach. The GMAC method was also considered, but ultimately was not relied upon due to the lack of recent transactions that were directly comparable. In the selection of the appropriate market multiples, the Company considered the performance of the business, the size, risks, opportunities, and a comparison of the margins and growth of the Animal Nutrition business compared to the guideline public companies. The estimated fair value calculated by the GPC method was within 10% of the estimated fair value calculated by the income approach. The Company performed a sensitivity analysis for the significant assumptions used in the goodwill impairment testing analysis for the Animal Nutrition reporting unit. The sensitivities were calculated in isolation using the income approach and keeping all other assumptions constant. The sensitivities for revenue growth and EBITDA margins do not consider the offsetting impact of a lower discount rate assumption to reflect the reduced risk in estimated future cash flow growth used under the income approach or the related impacts on pricing multiples used under the market approach. As of December 31, 2025, goodwill allocated to the Animal Nutrition reporting unit totaled $958 million. For Animal Nutrition reporting unit impairment testing, below are certain hypotheticals where a change would result in an impairment: Increase to the discount rate of approximately 175 basis points would result in a goodwill impairment of approximately $29 million; Decrease to forecasted EBITDA margins of approximately 150 basis points would result in goodwill impairment of approximately $69 million Decrease in the forecasted revenue growth rate of approximately 290 basis points would result in goodwill impairment of approximately $1 million.; and Increase in the expected capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue over the entire forecast of approximately 100 basis points would result in a goodwill impairment of approximately $181 million. Investments in Affiliates Description: The Company applies the equity method of accounting for investments over which the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, including its 22.5% investment in Wilmar. These investments in affiliates are carried at cost plus equity in undistributed earnings and are adjusted, where appropriate, for amortizable basis differences between the investment balance and the underlying net assets of the investee. Generally, the minimum ownership threshold for asserting significant influence is 20% ownership of the investee. However, the Company considers all relevant factors in determining its ability to assert significant influence including but not limited to, ownership percentage, board membership, customer and vendor relationships, and other arrangements. 41 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Judgments and Uncertainties: The Company has evaluated its investments in affiliates as of December 31, 2025 to be appropriately stated at carrying values. The Company also periodically compares the book value of its investment in Wilmar against its market value as determined through quoted market prices, and evaluates for any potential other-than-temporary impairment. The Company s investment in Wilmar had a carrying value of $4.0 billion as of December 31, 2025, and a market value of $3.4 billion based on the quoted Singapore Exchange market price, converted to U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange rate, at December 31, 2025. The Company evaluated several factors in its determination of whether an other-than-temporary impairment had occurred. This included consideration of the severity and duration of the carrying value being above Wilmar's stock price, the recent performance of Wilmar s stock price as quoted on the Singapore Exchange, including stock price performance subsequent to the balance sheet date, Wilmar's financial condition and near-term performance prospects, latest consensus analyst forecasts, Wilmar s long history of earnings and dividends and the Company s continued representation on Wilmar s Board. The Company considers its investment in Wilmar a significant and strategic relationship and has the intent and ability to retain its investment in Wilmar for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value. Based on the evaluation of the factors above, the Company does not consider the investment to be other-than temporarily impaired at December 31, 2025. Sensitivity of Estimate to Change: The performance of impairment tests involves the use of estimates and assumptions, which may change period to period. If the Company used different assumptions in the evaluation of its equity method investments, including its investment in Wilmar, the Company may conclude that investments are other-than-temporarily impaired. Recent accounting pronouncements See New Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted within Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II. Item 8 for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements. Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK The market risk inherent in the Company s market risk sensitive instruments and positions is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in: commodity market prices as they relate to the Company s net commodity position, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates as described below. Commodity Price Risk The availability and prices of agricultural commodities are subject to wide fluctuations due to factors such as changes in weather conditions, crop disease, plantings, government programs and policies, competition, changes in global demand, changes in customer preferences and standards of living, and global production of similar and competitive crops. The Company uses exchange-traded and OTC commodity instruments to manage its net position of merchandisable agricultural product inventories and forward cash purchase and sales contracts to reduce price risk caused by market fluctuations in agricultural commodities and foreign currencies. The Company also uses exchange-traded and OTC commodity instruments as components of merchandising strategies designed to enhance margins. The results of these strategies can be significantly impacted by factors such as the correlation between the value of exchange-traded commodities futures and the value of the underlying commodities, counterparty contract defaults, and volatility of freight markets. In addition, the Company enters into futures contracts and over-the-counter swaps which are designated as hedges of specific volumes of commodities that will be purchased and processed, or sold, in a future month. The changes in the market value of such futures contracts have historically been, and are expected to continue to be, highly effective at offsetting changes in price movements of the hedged item. Gains and losses arising from open and closed designated hedging transactions are deferred in other comprehensive income, net of applicable taxes, and recognized as a component of cost of products sold or revenues in the statement of earnings when the hedged item is recognized. 42 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY PART II The Company s commodity position consists of merchandisable agricultural commodity inventories, related purchase and sales contracts, energy and freight contracts, and exchange-traded and over-the-counter commodity instruments, including contracts used to hedge anticipated transactions. The fair value of the Company s commodity position is a summation of the fair values calculated for each commodity by valuing all of the commodity positions at quoted market prices for the period, where available, or utilizing a close proxy. The weekly highest, lowest, and average long (short) positions, for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 together with a risk of a hypothetical 10% adverse price change in market prices is as follows (in millions): December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Fair Value Market Risk Fair Value Market Risk Highest position $ 541 $ 54 $ 543 $ 54 Lowest position (37) (4) (265) (27) Average position 279 28 168 17 The Company monitors market risk exposure through various metrics such as volumetric limits and the value-at-risk (VaR) limits. Volumetric limits are monitored on a daily basis. VaR and related sensitivity analysis, measuring the potential loss in fair value resulting from a hypothetical 10% adverse change in market prices, is monitored on a weekly basis. Foreign Currency Exchange Risk The Company has consolidated subsidiaries in more than 75 countries. For the majority of the Company s subsidiaries located outside the United States, the local currency is the functional currency except certain significant subsidiaries in Switzerland where Euro is the functional currency, and Brazil and Argentina where U.S. dollar is the functional currency. To reduce the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, the Company enters into currency exchange contracts to minimize its foreign currency position related to transactions denominated primarily in Euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, and Brazilian real currencies. These currencies represent the major functional or local currencies in which recurring business transactions occur. The Company also uses currency exchange contracts and foreign currency denominated debt as hedges against amounts indefinitely invested in foreign subsidiaries and affiliates. The currency exchange contracts used are forward contracts, swaps with banks, exchange-traded futures contracts, and over-the-counter options. The changes in market value of such contracts have a high correlation to the price changes in the currency of the related transactions. The potential loss in fair value for such net currency position resulting from a hypothetical 10% adverse change in foreign currency exchange rates is not material. Interest Rate Risk The fair value of the Company s long-term debt is estimated using quoted market prices, where available, and discounted future cash flows based on the Company s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. Market risk is estimated as the potential increase in fair value resulting from a hypothetical 50 basis points decrease in interest rates. Actual results may differ. December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 (In millions) Fair value of long-term debt $ 6,309 $ 7,055 Fair value amount (under) carrying value (271) (501) Market risk 317 271 43 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Financial Statements Page No. Consolidated Statements of Earnings 45 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 46 Consolidated Balance Sheets 47 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 48 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 49 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 50 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID: 42 104 44 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 (In millions, except per share amounts) Revenues $ 80,269 $ 85,530 $ 93,935 Cost of products sold 75,236 79,752 86,422 Gross Profit 5,033 5,778 7,513 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 3,609 3,706 3,456 Asset impairment, exit, and restructuring costs 473 545 342 Equity in (earnings) of unconsolidated affiliates ( 648 ) ( 621 ) ( 551 ) Interest and investment (income) ( 118 ) ( 562 ) ( 499 ) Interest expense 612 706 647 Other (income) - net ( 150 ) ( 251 ) ( 176 ) Earnings Before Income Taxes 1,255 2,255 4,294 Income tax expense 182 476 828 Net Earnings Including Non-controlling Interests 1,073 1,779 3,466 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests ( 5 ) ( 21 ) ( 17 ) Net Earnings Attributable to Controlling Interests $ 1,078 $ 1,800 $ 3,483 Weighted average number of shares outstanding basic 484 492 541 Weighted average number of shares outstanding diluted 484 493 542 Basic earnings per common share $ 2.23 $ 3.66 $ 6.44 Diluted earnings per common share $ 2.23 $ 3.65 $ 6.43 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 45 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 (In millions) Net Earnings Including Non-controlling Interests $ 1,073 $ 1,779 $ 3,466 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment 340 ( 415 ) 48 Tax effect 110 ( 45 ) 32 Net of tax amount 450 ( 460 ) 80 Pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities adjustment 24 15 ( 88 ) Tax effect ( 6 ) ( 7 ) 2 Net of tax amount 18 8 ( 86 ) Deferred (loss) on hedging activities ( 7 ) ( 41 ) 15 Tax effect 9 ( 5 ) Net of tax amount ( 7 ) ( 32 ) 10 Unrealized (loss) on investments ( 4 ) ( 16 ) 16 Tax effect ( 1 ) ( 1 ) Net of tax amount ( 4 ) ( 17 ) 15 Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 457 ( 501 ) 19 Total comprehensive income 1,530 1,278 3,485 Less: Comprehensive (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests ( 4 ) ( 21 ) ( 20 ) Comprehensive income attributable to Archer-Daniels-Midland-Company $ 1,534 $ 1,299 $ 3,505 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 46 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 (In millions) Assets Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,015 $ 611 Short-term marketable securities 32 246 Segregated cash and investments 8,432 7,212 Trade receivables - net 3,021 3,708 Inventories 10,369 11,572 Other current assets 3,796 4,369 Total Current Assets 26,665 27,718 Non-Current Assets Investments in affiliates 5,560 5,276 Goodwill 4,769 4,509 Intangible assets, net 1,976 2,260 Right of use assets 1,322 1,358 Other non-current assets 918 1,313 Property, plant, and equipment, net 11,179 10,837 Total Non-Current Assets 25,724 25,553 Total Assets $ 52,389 $ 53,271 Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Shareholders Equity Current Liabilities Short-term debt $ 798 $ 1,903 Current maturities of long-term debt 1,006 674 Trade payables 5,195 5,535 Payables to brokerage customers 8,919 7,772 Accrued expenses and other payables 3,313 3,730 Current lease liabilities 303 324 Total Current Liabilities 19,534 19,938 Long-Term Liabilities Long-term debt 6,606 7,580 Deferred income taxes 1,135 1,268 Non-current lease liabilities 1,045 1,057 Other 1,042 997 Total Long-Term Liabilities 9,828 10,902 Commitments and contingencies (See Note 20) Temporary Equity - Redeemable non-controlling interest 287 253 Shareholders Equity Common stock 3,281 3,223 Reinvested earnings 21,983 21,933 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ( 2,531 ) ( 2,988 ) Non-controlling interests 7 10 Total Shareholders Equity 22,740 22,178 Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Shareholders Equity $ 52,389 $ 53,271 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 47 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In millions) Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net earnings including non-controlling interests $ 1,073 $ 1,779 $ 3,466 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization 1,181 1,141 1,059 Asset impairment charges 361 519 309 Deferred income taxes ( 45 ) ( 130 ) ( 23 ) Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net of dividends ( 224 ) ( 180 ) ( 143 ) Stock compensation expense 83 74 112 (Gain) loss on asset sales / investment revaluations, net 285 ( 12 ) 38 Other net ( 25 ) 91 ( 91 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and dispositions Segregated investments ( 43 ) ( 693 ) ( 194 ) Trade receivables 855 447 737 Inventories 1,511 162 2,889 Other current assets 672 665 694 Trade payables ( 473 ) ( 719 ) ( 1,544 ) Payables to brokerage customers 1,064 ( 78 ) ( 2,059 ) Accrued expenses and other payables ( 823 ) ( 276 ) ( 790 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 5,452 2,790 4,460 Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures ( 1,248 ) ( 1,563 ) ( 1,494 ) Net assets of businesses acquired ( 108 ) ( 927 ) ( 23 ) Proceeds from sales of assets, businesses and investments 111 66 60 Purchases of marketable securities ( 43 ) ( 308 ) Proceeds from sales of marketable securities 277 84 Other net ( 6 ) ( 54 ) ( 39 ) Net cash used in investing activities ( 1,017 ) ( 2,702 ) ( 1,496 ) Cash flows from financing activities Long-term debt borrowings 11 27 501 Long-term debt payments ( 772 ) ( 1 ) ( 963 ) Net (repayments) borrowings under lines of credit agreements ( 1,114 ) 1,800 ( 390 ) Share repurchases, net of tax ( 2,327 ) ( 2,673 ) Cash dividends ( 987 ) ( 985 ) ( 977 ) Acquisition of non-controlling interests ( 4 ) ( 8 ) Other net ( 21 ) ( 36 ) ( 102 ) Net cash used in financing activities ( 2,887 ) ( 1,530 ) ( 4,604 ) Effect of exchange rate on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents 33 ( 24 ) ( 3 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents 1,581 ( 1,466 ) ( 1,643 ) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents beginning of year 3,924 5,390 7,033 Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents end of year $ 5,505 $ 3,924 $ 5,390 Cash paid for interest and income taxes were as follows: Interest $ 629 $ 710 $ 711 Income taxes $ 389 $ 658 $ 742 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 48 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Accumulated Other Non-controlling Total Common Stock Reinvested Comprehensive Shareholders (In millions, except per share amounts) Shares Amount Earnings Income (Loss) Interests Equity Balance, December 31, 2022 547 $ 3,147 $ 23,646 $ ( 2,509 ) $ 33 $ 24,317 Comprehensive income Net earnings 3,483 ( 17 ) 3,466 Other comprehensive income (loss) 22 ( 3 ) 19 Cash dividends paid - $ 1.80 per share ( 977 ) ( 977 ) Share repurchases ( 36 ) ( 2,697 ) ( 2,697 ) Stock compensation expense 3 112 112 Stock option exercises, net of taxes ( 1 ) ( 110 ) ( 110 ) Other 5 10 15 Balance, December 31, 2023 513 $ 3,154 $ 23,465 $ ( 2,487 ) $ 13 $ 24,145 Comprehensive income Net earnings 1,800 1,800 Other comprehensive income (loss) ( 501 ) ( 501 ) Cash dividends paid - $ 2.00 per share ( 985 ) ( 985 ) Share repurchases ( 37 ) ( 2,347 ) ( 2,347 ) Stock compensation expense 2 74 74 Stock option exercises, net of taxes ( 23 ) ( 23 ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interests ( 3 ) ( 1 ) ( 4 ) Other 21 ( 2 ) 19 Balance, December 31, 2024 478 $ 3,223 $ 21,933 $ ( 2,988 ) $ 10 $ 22,178 Comprehensive income Net earnings 1,078 ( 2 ) 1,076 Other comprehensive income (loss) 457 457 Cash dividends paid - $ 2.04 per share ( 987 ) ( 987 ) Share repurchases 1 1 Stock compensation expense 2 83 83 Stock option exercises, net of taxes ( 31 ) ( 31 ) Other 6 ( 42 ) ( 1 ) ( 37 ) Balance, December 31, 2025 480 $ 3,281 $ 21,983 $ ( 2,531 ) $ 7 $ 22,740 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 49 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Company Overview Archer-Daniels-Midland Company and its subsidiaries (the "Company" or "ADM") unlocks the power of nature to enrich the quality of life. The Company is an essential global agricultural supply chain manager and processor, providing food security by connecting local needs with global capabilities. ADM is also a premier human and animal nutrition provider, as well as a leader in health and well-being products. ADM has three reportable segments: Ag Services and Oilseeds, Carbohydrate Solutions, and Nutrition. See Note 17. Segment and Geographic Information for further information on the nature of the Company's business and its reportable segments. Certain prior period data has been reclassified in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes to conform to the current period presentation. Principles of Consolidation The Consolidated Financial Statements include the Company and its subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The Company consolidates all entities, including variable interest entities (VIEs), in which it has a controlling financial interest. For VIEs, the Company assesses whether it is the primary beneficiary as defined under the applicable accounting standard. Investments in affiliates, including VIEs through which the Company exercises significant influence but does not control the investee and is not the primary beneficiary of the investee s activities, are carried at cost plus equity in undistributed earnings since acquisition and are adjusted, where appropriate, for basis differences between the investment balance and the underlying net assets of the investee. The Company s portion of the results of certain affiliates and results of certain VIEs are included using the most recent available financial statements. In each case, the financial statements are within 93 days of the Company s year-end and are consistent from period to period. Use of Estimates The preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in its Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash Equivalents The Company considers all non-segregated, highly-liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Short-Term Marketable Securities Short-term marketable securities include foreign government securities with maturities greater than three months and less than one year and are recorded at fair value with gains and losses on these investments included in Other income in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 50 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Segregated Cash and Investments The Company segregates certain cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances in accordance with regulatory requirements, commodity exchange requirements, and insurance arrangements. These balances include deposits received from customers of the Company s registered futures commission merchants and brokerage services, and includes cash margins, securities held and pledged to commodity exchange clearinghouses or other brokers, and cash pledged as security under certain insurance arrangements. The payables to brokerage customers have a corresponding balance in segregated cash and investments and segregated customer omnibus receivable in other current assets. To the degree these segregated balances are comprised of cash and cash equivalents, they are considered restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Segregated cash and investments also include restricted cash collateral for the various insurance programs of the Company s captive insurance business. Reconciliation of Total Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Restricted Cash Equivalents The following represents a reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents in the Consolidated Balance Sheets to total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as of December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 (in millions). December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,015 $ 611 $ 1,368 Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents (included in segregated cash and investments) 4,490 3,313 4,022 Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents $ 5,505 $ 3,924 $ 5,390 Revenue Recognition The Company principally generates revenue from merchandising and transporting agricultural commodities, and manufacturing products for use in food, beverages, feed, energy, and industrial applications, and ingredients and solutions for human and animal nutrition. The Company s revenue that is generated from physically settled derivative sales contracts is accounted for under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815), and revenue from sales of other products and services is accounted for under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). Revenue from physically settled derivative sales contracts primarily relates to forward sales of commodities where such contracts meet the definition of a derivative under ASC 815. Revenue from such commodities contracts is recognized at a point in time, upon transferring control of the commodity to the customer, consistent with the recognition principles under Topic 606. Prior to settlement, these contracts are recognized at fair value within current assets and liabilities, with the unrealized gains or losses primarily recorded within Cost of Products Sold. See Note 4. Fair Value Measurements and Note 5. Derivative Instruments Hedging Activities for further information. 51 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Revenue from sales of other products and services is measured based on the consideration specified in the contract with a customer, in accordance with Topic 606. The Company follows a policy of recognizing revenue at a single point in time when it satisfies its performance obligation by transferring control over a product or service to a customer. Revenue for deferred price contracts that allow for pricing to be determined after title of the goods has passed to the customer is recognized when the price is determined. For transportation service contracts, the Company recognizes revenue over time as the transportation service is performed in accordance with the transfer of control guidance of Topic 606. The amount of revenue recognized follows the contractually specified price which may include freight or other contractually specified cost components. The majority of the Company s contracts with customers have one performance obligation and a contract duration of one year or less. The Company applies the practical expedient in Topic 606, and does not disclose information about remaining performance obligations that have original expected durations of one year or less. See Note 2. Revenues for further information. Shipping and Handling Costs Shipping and handling costs related to contracts with customers for the sale of goods are accounted for as a fulfillment activity and are included in Cost of Products Sold. Accordingly, amounts billed to customers for such costs are included as a component of Revenues. Taxes Collected from Customers and Remitted to Governmental Authorities The Company does not include taxes assessed by governmental authorities that are (i) imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction and (ii) collected from customers, in the measurement of transactions prices or as a component of Revenues and Cost of Products Sold. Receivables The Company records accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect any loss anticipated on the accounts receivable balances including any accrued interest receivables thereon. The Company estimates uncollectible accounts by pooling receivables according to type, region, credit risk rating, and age. Each pool is assigned an expected loss rate to arrive at a general reserve derived from historical write-offs adjusted, as needed, for regional, economic, and other forward-looking factors. The Company minimizes credit risk due to the large and diversified nature of its worldwide customer base. ADM manages its exposure to counter-party credit risk through credit analysis and approvals, credit limits, and monitoring procedures. Long-term receivables recorded in other assets were not material to the Company s overall receivables portfolio. The Company recorded bad debt provisions (reversals) in selling, general, and administrative expenses of $ 27 million, $( 16 ) million, and $ 6 million in the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Changes to the allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 Opening balance, January 1 $ 167 $ 215 Provisions (reversals), net 27 ( 16 ) Write-offs against allowance ( 39 ) ( 32 ) Recoveries and other 5 Closing balance, December 31 $ 160 $ 167 Inventories Certain merchandisable agricultural commodity inventories, which include inventories acquired under deferred pricing contracts, are stated at market value. In addition, the Company values certain inventories using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method at the lower of cost or net realizable value. 52 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The following table sets forth the Company s inventories as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in millions). December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Raw materials and supplies (1) $ 1,740 $ 1,922 Finished goods 2,407 2,689 Market inventories 6,222 6,961 Total inventories $ 10,369 $ 11,572 (1) Includes work in process inventories which were not material as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. Fair Value Measurements The Company measures the fair value of certain assets and liabilities in accordance with ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , which defines fair value as the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The Company uses the market approach valuation technique to measure the majority of its assets and liabilities carried at fair value. Three levels are established within the fair value hierarchy that may be used to report fair value: Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 inputs. Level 2: Observable inputs, including Level 1 prices that have been adjusted; quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are less active than traded exchanges; and other inputs that are observable or can be substantially corroborated by observable market data. Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are a significant component of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The fair value hierarchy gives the lowest priority to Level 3 inputs. In evaluating the significance of fair value inputs, the Company generally classifies assets or liabilities as Level 3 when their fair value is determined using unobservable inputs that individually or when aggregated with other unobservable inputs, represent more than 10% of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Judgment is required in evaluating both quantitative and qualitative factors in the determination of significance for purposes of fair value level classification. In many cases, a valuation technique used to measure fair value includes inputs from multiple levels of the fair value hierarchy. The lowest level of input that is a significant component of the fair value measurement determines the placement of the entire fair value measurement in the hierarchy. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the classification of fair value assets and liabilities within the fair value hierarchy levels. Level 3 amounts can include assets and liabilities whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as assets and liabilities for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. Based on historical experience with the Company s suppliers and customers, the Company s own credit risk and knowledge of current market conditions, the Company does not view non-performance risk to be a significant input to fair value for the majority of its forward commodity purchase and sale contracts. However, in certain cases, if the Company believes the non-performance risk to be a significant input, the Company records estimated fair value adjustments, and classifies the measurement in Level 3. The Company s policy regarding the timing of transfers between levels, including both transfers into and transfers out of Level 3, is to measure and record the transfers at the end of the reporting period. 53 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Derivatives The Company recognizes its financial and non-financial derivative instruments, excluding exchange-traded instruments, as either assets or liabilities at fair value in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. Unrealized gains are reported as Other current assets and unrealized losses are reported as Accrued expenses and other payables. The accounting for changes in the fair value (i.e., gains or losses) of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and on the type of hedging relationship. The majority of the Company s derivatives have not been designated as hedging instruments, and as such, changes in fair value of these derivatives are recognized in earnings immediately, within Revenue or Cost of products sold, as appropriate. See Note 5. Derivative Instruments Hedging Activities for further information. Equity Method Investments The Company uses the equity method of accounting for equity investments if the investment provides the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over operating and financial policies of the investee. The Company s proportionate share of the net income or loss of these investees is included in consolidated net earnings. Judgment regarding the level of influence over each equity method investment includes considering key factors such as the Company s ownership interest, the legal form of the investee, any representation on the board of directors, and any participation in policy-making decisions. The Company evaluates equity method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment might not be recoverable. Factors considered by the Company when reviewing an equity method investment for impairment include the length of time (duration) and the extent (severity) to which the fair value of the equity method investment has been less than cost, the investee s financial condition and near-term prospects, and the intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for anticipated recovery. An impairment that is other-than- temporary is recognized in the period identified. See Note 8. Investments in and Advances to Affiliates for further information. Cost Method Investments Cost method investments represent investments in private companies and private equity funds to diversify the overall investment portfolio. These investments are generally in companies in the startup or development stages and the markets for products these companies are developing are typically in the early stages. The Company s evaluation of privately held investments is based on the fundamentals of the businesses invested in. The Company periodically reviews the carrying value of such investments to determine if any valuation adjustments are appropriate under the applicable accounting pronouncements. Cost method investments of $ 143 million and $ 439 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, are included in other non-current assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Revaluation losses of $ 372 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 were primarily related to investments in alternative protein. Revaluation losses of $ 16 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 were related to an investment in alternative protein and precision fermentation. Revaluation losses of $ 76 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 investments in the alternative protein category and precision fermentation. Revaluation gains and losses are recorded in Interest and investment income in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Earnings. As of December 31, 2025, the annual upward and downward adjustments were $ 1 million and $ 373 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2025, the cumulative of upward and downward adjustments were $ 114 million and $ 448 million, respectively. 54 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Property, Plant, and Equipment Property, plant, and equipment are recorded at cost. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. The Company uses the straight-line method in computing depreciation for financial reporting purposes and generally uses accelerated methods for income tax purposes. The annual provisions for depreciation have been computed principally in accordance with the following ranges of asset lives: Buildings - 15 to 40 years; and Machinery and equipment - 3 to 40 years. The Company capitalized interest on major construction projects in progress of $ 35 million, $ 32 million, and $ 32 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The Company evaluates long-lived assets for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. In addition, assets are written down to fair value after consideration of the Company s ability to utilize the assets for their intended purpose, employ the assets in alternative uses, or sell the assets to recover the carrying value. Fair value is generally based on a discounted cash flow analysis which relies on management s estimate of market participant assumptions or estimated selling price for assets considered held for sale (a Level 3 measurement under applicable accounting standards). The Company s property, plant, and equipment consisted of the following as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in millions). December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Land $ 607 $ 566 Buildings 6,440 6,143 Machinery and equipment 22,042 20,636 Construction in progress 1,110 1,553 30,199 28,898 Accumulated depreciation ( 19,020 ) ( 18,061 ) Property, Plant, and Equipment, Net $ 11,179 $ 10,837 Leases The Company leases certain transportation equipment, plant equipment, office equipment, land, buildings, and storage facilities. Most leases include options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term from 1 month to 95 years. The renewal options are not included in the measurement of the right of use assets and lease liabilities unless the Company is reasonably certain to exercise the optional renewal periods. Certain leases also include index and non-index escalation clauses and options to purchase the leased property. Leases accounted for as finance leases were immaterial at December 31, 2025. As an accounting policy election, the Company does not apply the recognition requirements of ASC Topic 842 to short-term leases in all of its underlying asset categories. The Company recognizes short-term lease payments in earnings on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and variable lease payments in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. The Company also combines lease and non-lease contract components in all of its underlying asset categories as an accounting policy election. Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and reported amounts in the Consolidated Financial Statements using statutory rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recorded in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date under the law. Applicable accounting standards prescribe a minimum threshold a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company recognizes in its Consolidated Financial Statements tax positions determined more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. 55 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Company classifies interest on income tax-related balances as interest expense and classifies tax-related penalties as selling, general, and administrative expenses. Income tax effects from AOCI are released when the individual units of account are sold, terminated, or extinguished. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized but are subject to annual impairment tests. Definite-lived intangible assets, including previously capitalized software such as third-party configuration costs and internal labor, are amortized over their estimated useful lives of 1 to 65 years and are reviewed for impairment whenever there are indicators the carrying value of the assets may not be fully recoverable. The Company s accounting policy is to evaluate goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment on October 1 of each fiscal year or whenever there are indicators the carrying value of the assets may not be fully recoverable. See Note 9. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets for further information. Supplier Payable Programs The Company has Supplier Payable Programs ( SPP ) with financial institutions which act as its paying agents for payables due to certain of its suppliers. The Company has neither an economic interest in a supplier s participation in the SPP nor a direct financial relationship with the financial institutions, and has concluded its obligations to the suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted by their participation in the SPP. Accordingly, amounts associated with the SPP are classified as trade payables in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets and in operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The supplier invoices that have been confirmed as valid under the program require payment in full generally within 90 days of the invoice date. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company's outstanding payment obligations that suppliers had elected to sell to the financial institutions were $ 301 million and $ 222 million, respectively. Changes to the outstanding payment obligations for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Opening balance, January 1 $ 222 $ 274 Obligations confirmed 974 948 Obligations paid ( 895 ) ( 1,000 ) Closing balance, December 31 $ 301 $ 222 Payables to Brokerage Customers Payables to brokerage customers represent the total of customer accounts at the Company s futures commission merchant with credit or positive balances. Customer accounts are used primarily in connection with commodity transactions and include gains and losses on open commodity trades as well as securities and other deposits made for margins or other purposes as required by the Company or the exchange-clearing organizations or counterparties. Payables to brokerage customers have a corresponding balance in segregated cash and investments. Stock Compensation The Company recognizes expense for its stock compensation based on the fair value of the awards that are granted. The Company s stock compensation plans provide for the granting of restricted stock and restricted stock units (Restricted Stock Awards), performance stock units (PSUs), and stock options. The fair values of stock options are estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model, which requires the input of subjective assumptions. The fair values of Restricted Stock Awards and PSUs are determined based on the market value of the Company's shares on the grant date. Measured compensation cost, net of forfeitures, is recognized ratably over the vesting period of the related stock compensation award. 56 Table of Contents ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Compensation expense for stock option grants, Restricted Stock Awards, and PSUs granted to employees is generally recognized on a straight-line basis during the service period of the respective grant. Certain of the Company s option grants, Restricted Stock Awards, and PSUs continue to vest upon the recipient s retirement from the Company and compensation expense related to option grants and Restricted Stock Awards granted to retirement-eligible employees is recognized in earnings on the date of grant. Compensation expense for PSUs is based on the probability of meeting the performance criteria. The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. Research and Development Costs associated with research and development are expensed as incurred and recorded within selling, general, and administrative expenses. Such costs incurred, net of expenditures subsequently reimbursed by government grants, were $ 246 million, $ 269 million, and $ 256 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Earnings Per Share Basic earnings per common share are determined by dividing net earnings attributable to controlling interests by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. In computing diluted earnings per common share, the average number of common shares outstanding is increased by dilutive potential common shares, including unvested restricted stock units, PSUs and common shares underlying stock options outstanding with exercise prices lower than the average market price of common shares using the treasury stock method. Business Combinations The Company s acquisitions are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations, as amended . The consideration transferred is allocated to various assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date with the residual allocated to goodwill. Fair values allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations require management to make significant judgments, estimates, and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Management makes estimates of fair values based upon assumptions it believes to be reasonable. These estimates are based upon historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. The estimated fair values related to intangible assets primarily consist of customer relationships, trademarks, and developed technology which are determined primarily usin