=== FANG_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis Critical Accounting Estimates of this report. As a result, we maintain an internal staff of petroleum engineers and geoscience professionals that have an internal control process to ensure the integrity, accuracy and timeliness of the data used to calculate our proved reserves. Our internal technical staff met with our independent reserve auditor periodically during their January 13, 2026 audit of the December 31, 2025 reserve reports to discuss the assumptions and methods used in our proved reserve estimation process. As part of the audit process, we provide historical information to the independent reserve engineers for our properties such as ownership interest, oil and natural gas production, commodity prices and operating and development costs. The Executive Vice President and Chief Engineer is primarily responsible for overseeing the preparation of all our reserve estimates and overseeing communications with our independent reserve auditor. The Executive Vice President and Chief Engineer is a petroleum engineer with over 22 years of reservoir and operations experience and our geoscience staff has an average of approximately 17 years of industry experience per person. Our technical staff uses historical information for our properties such as ownership interest, oil and natural gas production, commodity prices and operating and development costs. Ryder Scott performed an independent analysis during its audit of our estimated reserves for 2025 and any differences were reviewed with our Executive Vice President and Chief Engineer. For 2025, our reserve auditor s estimates of our proved reserves did not materially differ from our estimates by more than the established audit tolerance guidelines of ten percent. The internal control procedures utilized in the preparation of our proved reserve estimates are intended to ensure reliability of reserve estimations and include the following: review and verification of historical production data, which is based on actual production as reported by us; preparation of reserve estimates by the primary reserve engineers or under their direct supervision; review by the primary reserve engineers of all of our reported proved reserves at the close of each quarter, including the review of all significant reserve changes and all new proved undeveloped reserves additions; 6 Table of Contents review of historical realized commodity prices and differentials from index prices compared to the differentials used in the reserves database; direct reporting responsibilities by our Executive Vice President and Chief Engineer to our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; prior to finalizing the reserve report, a review of our preliminary proved reserve estimates by our Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Engineer and our primary reserves engineers takes place on an annual basis; review of our proved reserve estimates by our Audit Committee with our executive team and Ryder Scott on an annual basis; verification of property ownership by our land department; and no employee s compensation is tied to the amount of reserves booked. For estimates and further discussion of our proved developed and proved undeveloped reserves, see Note 18 Supplemental Information on Oil and Natural Gas Operations (Unaudited) in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. Potential Drilling Locations We have identified a multi-year inventory of potential drilling locations for our oil-weighted reserves that we believe provides attractive growth and return opportunities. At an assumed price of approximately $50.00 per Bbl WTI, we currently have approximately 8,854 gross (6,541 net) identified economic potential horizontal drilling locations on our acreage based on our evaluation of applicable geologic and engineering data. The following table presents the number of gross identified economic potential horizontal drilling locations by basin as of December 31, 2025: Number of Identified Economic Potential Horizontal Drilling Locations Midland Basin: Lower Spraberry (1) 1,026 Middle Spraberry (1) 1,453 Wolfcamp A (2) 1,343 Wolfcamp B (2) 1,391 Wolfcamp D (3) 814 Other 1,883 Total Midland Basin 7,910 Delaware Basin: 2nd Bone Springs (3) 325 3rd Bone Springs (3) 254 Wolfcamp A (3) 117 Wolfcamp B (3) 230 Other 18 Total Delaware Basin 944 Total 8,854 (1) Our current location count is based on 660 foot to 880 foot spacing in Midland, Martin and northeast Andrews counties, depending on the prospect area and 880 foot spacing in all other counties. (2) Our current location count is based on 880 foot spacing. (3) Our current location count is based on 880 foot to 1,320 foot spacing. 7 Table of Contents Oil and Natural Gas Production and Price History The following tables set forth information regarding our net production of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids by basin for the fields containing 15% or more, along with other production from fields containing less than 15%, of our total proved reserves: Midland Basin Delaware Basin Other Total Production Data: Year Ended December 31, 2025 Oil (MBbls) 167,183 13,839 440 181,462 Natural gas (MMcf) 405,840 38,748 3,267 447,855 Natural gas liquids (MBbls) 74,512 5,395 166 80,073 Total (MBOE) 309,335 25,692 1,151 336,178 Year Ended December 31, 2024 Oil (MBbls) 104,875 18,325 125 123,325 Natural gas (MMcf) 222,574 52,349 757 275,680 Natural gas liquids (MBbls) 41,559 8,084 57 49,700 Total (MBOE) 183,530 35,134 308 218,972 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Oil (MBbls) 75,859 20,246 71 96,176 Natural gas (MMcf) 140,721 57,129 267 198,117 Natural gas liquids (MBbls) 25,899 8,296 22 34,217 Total (MBOE) 125,212 38,064 138 163,413 The following table sets forth certain price and cost information for each of the periods indicated: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Average Prices: Oil ($ per Bbl) $ 64.04 $ 73.52 $ 75.68 Natural gas ($ per Mcf) $ 0.89 $ 0.32 $ 1.32 Natural gas liquids ($ per Bbl) $ 17.88 $ 18.99 $ 20.08 Combined ($ per BOE) $ 40.02 $ 46.12 $ 50.35 Oil, hedged ($ per Bbl) (1) $ 63.14 $ 72.68 $ 74.72 Natural gas, hedged ($ per Mcf) (1) $ 1.84 $ 0.91 $ 1.48 Natural gas liquids, hedged ($ per Bbl) (1) $ 17.88 $ 18.99 $ 20.08 Average price, hedged ($ per BOE) (1) $ 40.79 $ 46.38 $ 49.98 Average Costs ($/BOE): Lease operating expenses $ 5.55 $ 5.87 $ 5.34 Production and ad valorem taxes 2.53 2.91 3.21 Gathering, processing and transportation expense 1.53 1.63 1.76 General and administrative - cash component 0.62 0.68 0.59 Total operating expense - cash $ 10.23 $ 11.09 $ 10.90 General and administrative - non-cash component $ 0.24 $ 0.30 $ 0.33 Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion $ 14.99 $ 13.02 $ 10.68 Interest expense, net $ 0.73 $ 0.62 $ 0.97 Production Costs (2) $ 7.08 $ 7.50 $ 7.10 (1) Hedged prices reflect the effect of our commodity derivative transactions on our average sales prices and include gains and losses on cash settlements for matured commodity derivatives, which we do not designate for hedge accounting. Hedged prices exclude gains or losses resulting from the early settlement of commodity derivative contracts. 8 Table of Contents (2) Average production costs is comprised of lease operating expenses and gathering, processing and transportation expense. Wells Drilled and Completed in 2025 The following table sets forth the total number of operated horizontal wells drilled and completed during the year ended December 31, 2025: Drilled Completed Area: Gross Net Gross Net Midland Basin 459 426 488 463 Delaware Basin 4 4 15 13 Total 463 430 503 476 As of December 31, 2025, we operated the following wells in the Permian Basin: Vertical Wells Horizontal Wells Total Area: Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Midland Basin 4,447 4,229 4,868 4,560 9,315 8,789 Delaware Basin 40 35 474 441 514 476 Total 4,487 4,264 5,342 5,001 9,829 9,265 Productive Wells As of December 31, 2025, we owned an interest in a total of 55,662 gross productive wells with an average unweighted 82% working interest in 11,750 gross (9,642 net) wells and an average 2.0% royalty interest in 43,912 additional wells. Through our subsidiary, Viper, we own an average 2.2% net revenue interest in 43,355 of the total 55,662 gross productive wells. Productive wells consist of producing wells and wells capable of production, including natural gas wells awaiting pipeline connections to commence deliveries and oil wells awaiting connection to production facilities. Gross wells are the total number of producing wells in which we have an interest and net wells are the sum of our fractional working interests owned in gross wells. The following table sets forth information regarding productive wells by basin as of December 31, 2025: Gross Wells Net Wells Oil Natural Gas Total Oil Natural Gas Total Midland Basin 30,114 239 30,353 9,007 68 9,075 Delaware Basin 9,390 3,220 12,610 462 19 481 Denver-Julesburg Basin 6,140 232 6,372 Other 5,400 927 6,327 27 59 86 Total productive wells 51,044 4,618 55,662 9,496 146 9,642 9 Table of Contents Drilling Results The following tables set forth information with respect to the number of wells drilled during the periods indicated by basin. Each of these wells was drilled in the Permian Basin of West Texas. The information should not be considered indicative of future performance, nor should it be assumed that there is necessarily any correlation between the number of productive wells drilled, quantities of reserves found or economic value. Productive wells are those that produce commercial quantities of hydrocarbons, whether or not they produce a reasonable rate of return. Year Ended December 31, 2025 Midland Basin Delaware Basin Total Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Development: Productive 444 412 4 4 448 416 Dry Exploratory: Productive 15 14 15 14 Dry Total: Productive 459 426 4 4 463 430 Dry Year Ended December 31, 2024 Midland Basin Delaware Basin Total Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Development: Productive 322 308 30 26 352 334 Dry Exploratory: Productive 20 17 20 17 Dry Total: Productive 342 325 30 26 372 351 Dry Year Ended December 31, 2023 Midland Basin Delaware Basin Total Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Development: Productive 192 179 29 25 221 204 Dry Exploratory: Productive 123 106 6 5 129 111 Dry Total: Productive 315 285 35 30 350 315 Dry As of December 31, 2025, we had 22 gross (21 net) operated wells in the process of drilling and 312 gross (290 net) wells in the process of completion or waiting on completion. 10 Table of Contents Acreage The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2025 relating to our leasehold acreage in the Permian Basin: Developed Acreage (1) Undeveloped Acreage Total Acreage (2) Basin: Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Midland 506,360 402,952 476,332 371,693 982,692 774,645 Delaware 69,220 57,800 45,934 36,591 115,154 94,391 Total 575,580 460,752 522,266 408,284 1,097,846 869,036 (1) Does not include undrilled acreage held by production under the terms of the lease. Large portions of the acreage that are considered developed under SEC guidelines are developed with vertical wells or horizontal wells that are in a single horizon. We believe much of this acreage has significant remaining development potential in one or more intervals with horizontal wells. (2) Does not include Viper s mineral interests but does include leasehold acres that we own underlying our mineral interests. Undeveloped Acreage Expirations As of December 31, 2025, the following gross and net undeveloped acres are set to expire over the next five years based on their contractual lease maturities unless (i) production is established within the spacing units covering the acreage or (ii) the lease is renewed or extended under continuous drilling provisions prior to the contractual expiration dates. Acres Expiring Midland Delaware Total Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net 2026 13,364 10,579 408 323 13,772 10,902 2027 28,991 22,949 28,991 22,949 2028 33,121 26,218 33,121 26,218 2029 780 617 780 617 2030 2,935 2,323 2,935 2,323 Total 79,191 62,686 408 323 79,599 63,009 Title to Properties Prior to the drilling of an oil or natural gas well, it is the normal practice in our industry for the person or company acting as the operator of the well to obtain a preliminary title review to ensure there are no obvious defects in title to the well. To the extent title opinions or other investigations reflect title defects impacting the development or operation of a producing property, we are typically responsible for curing any title defects at our expense. We generally will not commence drilling operations on a property until we have cured any material title defects. We have obtained title opinions on substantially all of our producing properties and believe that we have satisfactory title to our producing properties in accordance with standards generally accepted in the oil and natural gas industry. Prior to completing an acquisition of producing oil and natural gas leases, we perform title reviews on the most significant leases and, depending on the materiality of properties, we may obtain a title opinion, an updated title review, or review previously obtained title opinions. Our oil and natural gas properties are subject to customary royalty and other interests, liens for current taxes and other burdens which we believe do not materially interfere with the use of or affect our carrying value of the properties. Marketing and Customers We typically sell production to a relatively small number of customers, as is customary in the exploration, development and production business. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 four purchasers each accounted for more than 10% of our revenue. We do not require collateral and do not believe the loss of any single purchaser would materially impact our operating results, as crude oil and natural gas are fungible products with well-established markets and numerous purchasers. For additional information regarding our customer concentrations, see Note 3 Revenue from Contracts with Customers in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. 11 Table of Contents Delivery Commitments Certain of our firm sales agreements include delivery commitments that specify the delivery of a fixed and determinable quantity of oil. We expect our production and reserves will continue to be the primary means of fulfilling our future commitments. However, these contracts provide the options of delivering third-party volumes or paying a monetary shortfall penalty if production is inadequate to satisfy our commitment. In 2023, we began purchasing third-party volumes to fulfill certain delivery commitments. For additional information regarding commitments, see Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. Competition The oil and natural gas industry is intensely competitive and we compete with other companies that may have greater resources. Many of these companies not only explore for and produce oil and natural gas, but also carry on midstream and refining operations and market petroleum and other products on a regional, national or worldwide basis. These companies may be able to pay more for productive oil and natural gas properties and exploratory prospects or to define, evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties and prospects than our financial or human resources permit. In addition, these companies may have a greater ability to continue exploration activities during periods of low oil and natural gas market prices. Our larger or more integrated competitors may be able to absorb the burden of existing, and any changes to, federal, state and local laws and regulations more easily than we can, which would adversely affect our competitive position. Further, oil and natural gas compete with other forms of energy available to customers, primarily based on price. These alternate forms of energy include electricity, coal, fuel oils and nuclear energy. Oil and Natural Gas Leases The typical oil and natural gas lease agreement covering our properties provides for the payment of royalties to the mineral owner for all oil and natural gas produced from any wells drilled on the leased premises. The lessor royalties and other leasehold burdens on our properties generally range from 15% to 35%, resulting in a net revenue interest to us generally ranging from 65% to 85%. Seasonal Nature of Business Generally, demand for oil increases during the summer months and decreases during the winter months while natural gas decreases during the summer months and increases during the winter months. Certain natural gas buyers utilize natural gas storage facilities and purchase some of their anticipated winter requirements during the summer, which can lessen seasonal demand fluctuations. In our exploration and production business, seasonal weather conditions, and lease stipulations can limit our drilling and producing activities and other oil and natural gas operations in a portion of our operating areas. These seasonal anomalies can pose challenges for meeting our well drilling objectives and can increase competition for equipment, supplies and personnel during the spring and summer months, which could lead to shortages and increase costs or delay operations. Regulation Oil and natural gas operations such as ours are subject to various types of legislation, regulation and other legal requirements. Federal and state legislation and regulation affecting the oil and natural gas industry is evolving. Some of these requirements carry substantial penalties for failure to comply. The regulatory burden on the oil and natural gas industry increases our cost of doing business and, consequently, affects our profitability. Environmental Matters. Our oil and natural gas exploration, development and production operations are subject to stringent laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection. Numerous federal, state and local governmental agencies, such as the EPA, issue regulations that often require difficult and costly compliance measures that carry substantial administrative, civil and criminal penalties and may result in injunctive obligations for non-compliance. These laws and regulations may require the acquisition of a permit before drilling commences; restrict the types, quantities and concentrations of various substances that can be released into the environment in connection with drilling and production activities; limit or prohibit construction or drilling activities on certain lands lying within wilderness, wetlands, ecologically or seismically sensitive areas, and other protected areas; require action to prevent or remediate pollution from current or former operations, such as plugging abandoned wells or closing pits; result in the suspension or revocation of necessary permits, licenses and authorizations; require that additional pollution controls be installed; and impose substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from our operations or related to our owned or operated facilities. Liability under such laws and regulations is often strict (i.e., no showing of fault is required) and can be joint and several. Moreover, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal 12 Table of Contents injury and property damage allegedly caused by the release of hazardous substances, hydrocarbons or other waste products into the environment. Changes in environmental laws and regulations occur frequently, and may result in more stringent and costly pollution control or waste handling, storage, transport, disposal or cleanup requirements that could materially and adversely affect our operations and financial position, as well as the oil and natural gas industry in general. Our management believes that we are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and we have not experienced any material adverse effect from compliance with these environmental requirements. This trend, however, may not continue in the future. Further, on January 20, 2025, President Trump issued a series of executive orders and memoranda signaling a shift in environmental and energy policy in the United States, including the revocation of several Biden administration-era executive orders related to public health, the environment, climate change and climate-related financial risks. President Trump also declared a national energy emergency, directing agencies to expedite conventional energy projects. While the Trump Administration s changes to the environmental regulatory landscape in the United States continue to develop, it is possible that additional changes in the future could impact our results of operations and those of our customers. Waste Handling. The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, or the RCRA, as amended, and comparable state statutes and regulations promulgated thereunder, affect oil and natural gas exploration, development and production activities by imposing requirements regarding the generation, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal and cleanup of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes. With federal approval, the individual states administer some or all of the provisions of the RCRA, sometimes in conjunction with their own, more stringent requirements. Although most wastes associated with the exploration, development and production of crude oil and natural gas are exempt from regulation as hazardous wastes under the RCRA, such wastes may constitute solid wastes that are subject to the less stringent non-hazardous waste requirements. Moreover, the EPA or state or local governments may adopt more stringent requirements for the handling of non-hazardous wastes or categorize some non-hazardous wastes as hazardous for future regulation. Indeed, legislation has been proposed from time to time in the U.S. Congress to re-categorize certain oil and natural gas exploration, development and production wastes as hazardous wastes. Any changes in such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures and operating expenses. Administrative, civil and criminal penalties can be imposed for failure to comply with waste handling requirements. We believe that we are in substantial compliance with applicable requirements related to waste handling, and that we hold all necessary and up-to-date permits, registrations and other authorizations to the extent that our operations require them under such laws and regulations. Although we do not believe the current costs of managing our wastes, as presently classified, to be significant, any legislative or regulatory reclassification of oil and natural gas exploration and production wastes could increase our costs to manage and dispose of such wastes. Remediation of Hazardous Substances. The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, as amended, which we refer to as CERCLA or the Superfund law, and analogous state laws, generally impose liability, without regard to fault or legality of the original conduct, on classes of persons who are considered to be responsible for the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. These persons include the current owner or operator of a contaminated facility, a former owner or operator of the facility at the time of contamination, and those persons that disposed or arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substance at the facility. Under CERCLA and comparable state statutes, persons deemed responsible parties are subject to strict liability that, in some circumstances, may be joint and several for the costs of removing or remediating previously disposed wastes (including wastes disposed of or released by prior owners or operators) or property contamination (including groundwater contamination), for damages to natural resources and for the costs of certain health studies. In addition, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the hazardous substances released into the environment. In the course of our operations, we use materials that, if released, would be subject to CERCLA and comparable state statutes. Additionally, emerging contaminants, like per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances ( PFAS ) such as perfluorooctanesulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid compounds, have become subject to CERCLA regulation in addition to existing federal and state chemicals regulation, and PFAS have recently been regulated under the Toxic Substances Control Act ( TSCA ). Other emerging contaminants could also become subject to regulation under CERCLA, TSCA or comparable state laws. Governmental agencies or third parties may seek to hold us responsible under CERCLA and comparable state statutes for all or part of the costs to clean up sites at which such hazardous substances have been released. We cannot provide any assurance that the costs and liabilities associated with the future imposition of such remedial or regulatory compliance obligations upon us would not have a material adverse effect on our operations or financial position. Water Discharges. The Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, as amended, also known as the Clean Water Act, or the CWA, the Safe Drinking Water Act, the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, or the OPA, and analogous state laws and regulations promulgated thereunder impose restrictions and strict controls regarding the unauthorized discharge of pollutants, including produced waters and other gas and oil wastes, into navigable waters of the United States, as well as state waters. The discharge of pollutants into regulated waters is prohibited, except in accordance with the terms of a permit issued by the 13 Table of Contents EPA or the state. Spill prevention, control and countermeasure plan requirements under federal law require appropriate containment berms and similar structures to help prevent the contamination of navigable waters in the event of a petroleum hydrocarbon tank spill, rupture or leak. The CWA and regulations implemented thereunder also prohibit the discharge of dredge and fill material into regulated waters, including jurisdictional wetlands, unless authorized by an appropriately issued permit. The scope of waters regulated under the CWA has fluctuated in recent years due to notable rulemaking efforts and judicial challenges. On January 18, 2023, the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, or the Corps, jointly promulgated final rules expanding the scope of waters protected under the CWA. However, on May 25, 2023, the United States Supreme Court issued an opinion substantially narrowing the scope of waters of the United States protected by the CWA. On September 8, 2023, the EPA and the Corps published a final rule conforming their regulations to the decision. Later, on March 12, 2025, the EPA issued guidance narrowing the definition of wetland from the Biden-era definition in order to align that definition with the Supreme Court s May 25, 2023 decision. These recent actions have provided some clarity. However, to the extent the EPA and the Corps broadly interpret their jurisdiction and expand the range of properties subject to the CWA s jurisdiction, we or third-party operators could face increased costs and delays with respect to obtaining permits for dredge and fill activities in wetland areas. The EPA has also adopted regulations requiring certain oil and natural gas exploration and production facilities to obtain individual permits or coverage under general permits for storm water discharges. In addition, on June 28, 2016, the EPA published a final rule prohibiting the discharge of wastewater from onshore unconventional oil and natural gas extraction facilities to publicly owned wastewater treatment plants. On March 12, 2025, the EPA announced that it is re-evaluating the existing regulations on oil and gas wastewater, including exploring opportunities for discharge from centralized wastewater treatment facilities. Costs may be associated with the treatment of wastewater or developing and implementing storm water pollution prevention plans, as well as for monitoring and sampling the storm water runoff from certain of our facilities. Some states also maintain groundwater protection programs that require permits for discharges or operations that may impact groundwater conditions. The OPA is the primary federal law for oil spill liability. The OPA contains numerous requirements relating to the prevention of and response to petroleum releases into waters of the United States, including the requirement that operators of offshore facilities and certain onshore facilities near or crossing waterways must develop and maintain facility response contingency plans and maintain certain significant levels of financial assurance to cover potential environmental cleanup and restoration costs. The OPA subjects owners of facilities to strict liability that, in some circumstances, may be joint and several for all containment and cleanup costs and certain other damages arising from a release, including, but not limited to, the costs of responding to a release of oil to surface waters. Non-compliance with the CWA or the OPA may result in substantial administrative, civil and criminal penalties, as well as injunctive obligations. We believe we are in material compliance with the requirements of each of these laws. Air Emissions. The federal Clean Air Act, or the CAA, as amended, and comparable state laws and regulations, regulate emissions of various air pollutants through the issuance of permits and the imposition of other requirements. The EPA has developed, and continues to develop, stringent regulations governing emissions of air pollutants at specified sources. New facilities may be required to obtain permits before work can begin, and existing facilities may be required to obtain additional permits and incur capital costs in order to remain in compliance. For example, on August 16, 2012, the EPA published final regulations under the federal CAA that establish new emission controls for oil and natural gas production and processing operations, which are discussed in more detail below in Regulation of Hydraulic Fracturing. Also, on May 12, 2016, the EPA issued a final rule regarding the criteria for aggregating multiple small surface sites into a single source if they are under common control for air-quality permitting purposes applicable to the oil and natural gas industry. This rule could cause small facilities, on an aggregate basis, to be deemed a major source, thereby triggering more stringent air permitting processes and requirements. These laws and regulations may increase the costs of compliance for some facilities we own or operate, and federal and state regulatory agencies can impose administrative, civil and criminal penalties for non-compliance with air permits or other requirements of the federal CAA and associated state laws and regulations. We believe that we are in substantial compliance with all applicable air emissions regulations and that we hold all necessary and valid construction and operating permits for our operations. Obtaining or renewing permits has the potential to delay the development of oil and natural gas projects. Climate Change. In recent years, federal, state and local governments have taken steps to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases (including carbon dioxide, methane and other gases). Such rules and regulations have been proposed, amended and challenged, and finalized, and compliance deadlines have been extended or regulations rescinded. For example, the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act of 2021 and the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or the IRA, include billions of dollars in incentives for the development of renewable energy and supporting infrastructure. In March 2024, the EPA 14 Table of Contents published a final rule in the Federal Register to establish comprehensive standards of performance and emission guidelines for methane and volatile organic compound emissions from new and existing operations in the oil and gas sector, including the exploration and production, transmission, processing, and storage segments. On November 26, 2025, the EPA issued an interim final rule to extend certain compliance deadlines from the March 2024 final rule. These incentives and regulations, if implemented, may encourage the transition of the economy away from the use of fossil fuels toward lower- or zero-carbon emissions alternatives, which could decrease demand for, and in turn the prices of, the oil and natural gas that we produce and sell and adversely impact our business. In addition, the IRA imposes the first ever federal fee on the emission of greenhouse gases through a methane emissions charge. The IRA amends the CAA to impose a waste emissions charge on the emission of methane that exceeds an applicable waste emissions threshold from sources required to report their greenhouse gas emissions to the EPA, including those sources in offshore and onshore petroleum and natural gas production and gathering and boosting source categories. On November 18, 2024, the EPA published a final rule on the methane emissions charge, which became effective on January 17, 2025. Twenty-three states filed a lawsuit challenging the CAA amendment, and the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, passed July 4, 2025, suspends the waste emissions charge from future implementation. The current U.S. presidential administration has also expressed an intention to scale back various other climate regulations launched under previous administrations. On February 12, 2026, the EPA issued a final rule eliminating the 2009 greenhouse gas endangerment finding, which underpins U.S. federal regulation of greenhouses gas emissions under the Clean Air Act. The final rule is expected to be subject to extensive litigation and the impact of such scaling back is difficult to predict at this time. Despite this shift, numerous proposals have been and continue to be made at the international, regional and state levels of government that are intended to limit emissions of greenhouse gases by enforceable requirements and voluntary measures. The EPA has also finalized a series of greenhouse gas monitoring, reporting and emissions control rules for the oil and natural gas industry. On November 26, 2025, the EPA issued an interim final rule to extend certain compliance deadlines from the March 2024 final rule. Additionally, several states have taken measures to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases primarily through the development of greenhouse gas emission inventories and/or regional greenhouse gas cap-and-trade programs. In addition, states have imposed increasingly stringent requirements related to the venting or flaring of gas during oil and natural gas operations. For example, on November 4, 2020, the Texas Railroad Commission adopted new guidance on when flaring is permissible, requiring operators to submit more specific information to justify the need to flare or vent gas. In addition to domestic regulation of greenhouse gases, there continues to be international interest in a global framework for greenhouse gas reductions. However, on January 20, 2025, President Trump issued an executive order directing the United States Ambassador to the United Nations to immediately withdraw from the Paris Agreement and revoke the U.S. International Climate Finance Plan, and on January 27, 2025, the United States Acting Ambassador to the United Nations submitted a notification of withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. The withdrawal became effective on January 27, 2026. Restrictions on emissions of methane or carbon dioxide that may be imposed could adversely impact the demand for, price of, and value of our products and reserves. As our operations also emit greenhouse gases directly, current and future laws or regulations limiting such emissions could increase our own costs. At this time, it is not possible to accurately estimate how potential future laws or regulations addressing greenhouse gas emissions would impact our business. Regulation of Hydraulic Fracturing. Hydraulic fracturing is an important common practice that is used to stimulate production of hydrocarbons from tight formations, including shales. The process, which involves the injection of water, sand and chemicals under pressure into formations to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate production, is typically regulated by state oil and natural gas commissions. However, legislation has been proposed in recent sessions of the U.S. Congress to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to repeal the exemption for hydraulic fracturing from the definition of underground injection, to require federal permitting and regulatory control of hydraulic fracturing, and to require disclosure of the chemical constituents of the fluids used in the fracturing process. Furthermore, several federal agencies have asserted regulatory authority over certain aspects of the process. For example, the EPA has taken the position that hydraulic fracturing with fluids containing diesel fuel is subject to regulation under the Underground Injection Control program, specifically as Class II Underground Injection Control wells under the Safe Drinking Water Act. On March 8, 2024, the EPA published a final rule to expand and strengthen emission reduction requirements for both new and existing sources in the oil and natural gas industry by requiring increased monitoring of fugitive emissions, imposing new requirements for pneumatic controllers and tank batteries, and prohibiting venting of natural gas in certain situations. On December 1, 2025, the EPA published a final rule extending several compliance deadlines in the March 2024 final rule. This final rule was promptly challenged in federal court by environmental groups. While there is uncertainty regarding the scope and extent of EPA s regulation of air emissions from hydraulic fracturing operations, any future laws and their implementing regulations may require us to obtain pre-approval for the expansion or modification of existing facilities or the construction of new facilities expected to produce air emissions. Additionally, in the future, the EPA may impose more 15 Table of Contents stringent air permit requirements, or mandate the use of specific equipment or technologies to control emissions, which may increase our compliance or operating costs. Several states, including Texas, and local jurisdictions, have adopted, or are considering adopting, regulations that could restrict or prohibit hydraulic fracturing in certain circumstances, impose more stringent operating standards and/or require the disclosure of the composition of hydraulic fracturing fluids. The Texas Legislature adopted legislation, effective September 1, 2011, requiring oil and natural gas operators to publicly disclose the chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process. The Texas Railroad Commission adopted rules and regulations implementing this legislation that apply to all wells for which the Texas Railroad Commission issues an initial drilling permit after February 1, 2012. The law requires that the well operator disclose the list of chemical ingredients subject to the requirements of OSHA for disclosure on an internet website and also file the list of chemicals with the Texas Railroad Commission with the well completion report. The total volume of water used to hydraulically fracture a well must also be disclosed to the public and filed with the Texas Railroad Commission. Also, in May 2013, the Texas Railroad Commission adopted rules governing well casing, cementing and other standards for ensuring that hydraulic fracturing operations do not contaminate nearby water resources. The rules took effect in January 2014. Additionally, on October 28, 2014, the Texas Railroad Commission adopted disposal well rule amendments designed, among other things, to require applicants for new disposal wells that will receive non-hazardous produced water and hydraulic fracturing flowback fluid to conduct seismic activity searches utilizing the U.S. Geological Survey. The searches are intended to determine the potential for earthquakes within a circular area of 100 square miles around a proposed new disposal well. The disposal well rule amendments, which became effective on November 17, 2014, also clarify the Texas Railroad Commission s authority to modify, suspend or terminate a disposal well permit if scientific data indicates a disposal well is likely to contribute to seismic activity. The Texas Railroad Commission has used this authority to deny permits and temporarily suspend operations for waste disposal wells. For example, in September 2021, the Texas Railroad Commission curtailed the amount of water companies were permitted to inject into some wells near Midland and Odessa in the Permian Basin, and has subsequently suspended some permits there and expanded the restrictions to other areas. In addition, the Texas Railroad Commission has imposed monitoring and reporting requirements for any new disposal well permitted in the Permian Basin. These restrictions on use of produced water, a moratorium on new produced water disposal wells, and additional monitoring and reporting requirements could result in increased operating costs, requiring us or our service providers to truck produced water, recycle it or pump it through the pipeline network or other means, all of which could be costly. We or our service providers may also need to limit disposal well volumes, disposal rates and pressures or locations, or require us or our service providers to shut down or curtail the injection of produced water into disposal wells. These factors may make drilling and completion activity in the affected parts of the Permian Basin less economical and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. On December 17, 2024, the Texas Railroad Commission adopted a significant overhaul of its rules regulating oil and gas waste management facilities in Texas. The new rules went into effect on July 1, 2025. The new rules, found in 16 TAC Chapter 4, cover waste from oil and gas operations, such as rock and other material pulled up from the ground during drilling, as well as waste from other operations. The rules impose requirements related to waste management practices and production methods, such as recycling produced water. The rules also update requirements on the design, construction, operation, monitoring, and closure of waste management units. There has been increasing public controversy regarding hydraulic fracturing with regard to the use of fracturing fluids, induced seismic activity, impacts on drinking water supplies, use of water and the potential for impacts to surface water, groundwater and the environment generally. A number of lawsuits and enforcement actions have been initiated across the country implicating hydraulic fracturing practices. If new laws or regulations that significantly restrict hydraulic fracturing are adopted, such laws could make it more difficult or costly for us to perform fracturing to stimulate production from tight formations as well as make it easier for third parties opposing the hydraulic fracturing process to initiate legal proceedings based on allegations that specific chemicals used in the fracturing process could adversely affect groundwater. In addition, if hydraulic fracturing is further regulated at the federal, state or local level, our fracturing activities could become subject to additional permitting and financial assurance requirements, more stringent construction specifications, increased monitoring, reporting and recordkeeping obligations, plugging and abandonment requirements and also to permitting delays and potential increases in costs. Such changes could cause us to incur substantial compliance costs, and compliance or the consequences of any failure to comply by us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. At this time, it is not possible to estimate the impact on our business of newly enacted or potential federal, state or local laws governing hydraulic fracturing. Endangered Species. The federal Endangered Species Act, or ESA, and analogous state laws restrict activities that may affect listed endangered or threatened species or their habitats. If endangered species, such as the lesser prairie chicken or dunes sagebrush lizard, are located in areas where we operate, our operations or any work performed related to them could be prohibited or delayed, or expensive mitigation could be required. While some of our operations may be located in areas that are designated as habitats for endangered or threatened species, we believe that we are in compliance with the ESA. 16 Table of Contents However, the designation of previously unprotected species as threatened or endangered in areas where we operate could result in the imposition of restrictions on our operations and consequently have a material adverse effect on our business. Other Regulation of the Oil and Natural Gas Industry. The oil and natural gas industry is extensively regulated by numerous federal, state and local authorities. Legislation affecting the oil and natural gas industry is under constant review for amendment or expansion, frequently increasing the regulatory burden. Also, numerous departments and agencies, both federal and state, are authorized by statute to issue rules and regulations that are binding on the oil and natural gas industry and its individual members, some of which carry substantial penalties for failure to comply. Although the regulatory burden on the oil and natural gas industry increases our cost of doing business and, consequently, affects our profitability, these burdens generally do not affect us any differently or to any greater or lesser extent than they affect other companies in the industry with similar types, quantities and locations of production. The availability, terms and cost of transportation of oil and natural gas significantly affect its marketability and sale. The interstate transportation and sale for resale of natural gas, and the interstate transportation of oil, is subject to federal regulation, including regulation of the terms, conditions and rates for interstate transportation, storage and various other matters, primarily by FERC. Oil and natural gas pipelines are also subject to extensive safety regulation by the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, a part of the U.S. Department of Transportation, and state regulatory agencies. Federal and state regulations govern the price and terms for access to oil and natural gas pipeline transportation. FERC regulation of interstate oil and natural gas transmission in some circumstances may also affect the intrastate transportation of oil and natural gas, which is predominantly state-regulated. Although oil and natural gas prices are currently unregulated, the U.S. Congress historically has been active in the area of oil and natural gas regulation. We cannot predict whether new legislation to regulate oil and natural gas might be proposed, what proposals, if any, might actually be enacted by the U.S. Congress or the various state legislatures, and what effect, if any, the proposals might have on our operations. Sales of condensate and oil and natural gas liquids are not currently regulated and are made at market prices. Drilling and Production. Our operations are subject to various types of regulation at the federal, state and local level. These types of regulation include requiring permits for the drilling of wells, drilling bonds and reports concerning operations. The state, and some counties and municipalities, in which we operate also regulate one or more of the following: the location of wells; the method of drilling and casing wells; the timing of construction or drilling activities, including seasonal wildlife closures; the rates of production or allowables ; the surface use and restoration of properties upon which wells are drilled; the plugging and abandoning of wells; and notice to, and consultation with, surface owners and other third parties. State laws regulate the size and shape of drilling and spacing units or proration units governing the pooling of oil and natural gas properties. Some states allow forced pooling or integration of tracts to facilitate exploration while other states rely on voluntary pooling of lands and leases. In some instances, forced pooling or unitization may be implemented by third parties and may reduce our interest in the unitized properties. In addition, state conservation laws establish maximum rates of production from oil and natural gas wells, generally prohibit the venting or flaring of natural gas and impose requirements regarding the ratability of production. These laws and regulations may limit the amount of oil and natural gas we can produce from our wells or limit the number of wells or the locations at which we can drill. Moreover, each state generally imposes a production or severance tax with respect to the production and sale of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids within its jurisdiction. States do not regulate wellhead prices or engage in other similar direct regulation, but we cannot assure you that they will not do so in the future. The effect of such future regulations may be to limit the amounts of oil and natural gas that may be produced from our wells, negatively affect the economics of production from these wells or to limit the number of locations we can drill. Federal, state and local regulations provide detailed requirements for the plugging and abandonment of wells, closure or decommissioning of production facilities and pipelines and for site restoration in areas where we operate. Although the Corps does not require bonds or other financial assurances, some state agencies and municipalities do have such requirements. Natural Gas Sales. Historically, federal legislation and regulatory controls have affected the price of the natural gas we produce and the manner in which we market our production. FERC has jurisdiction over the transportation and sale for resale of natural gas in interstate commerce under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 and the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978. Beginning with that legislation in 1978 and continuing with the Wellhead Decontrol Act of 1989, federal laws have been enacted which have resulted in the complete removal of all price and non-price controls for sales of domestic natural gas sold in first sales, which include all of our sales of our own production. Under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, FERC has substantial enforcement authority to prohibit the manipulation of natural gas markets and enforce its rules and orders, 17 Table of Contents including the ability to assess substantial civil penalties for violations. We are subject to that FERC authority and related policies. Oil Sales and Transportation. Sales of crude oil, condensate and natural gas liquids are not currently regulated and are made at negotiated prices. Nevertheless, the U.S. Congress could reenact price controls in the future. Our crude oil sales are affected by the availability, terms and cost of transportation. The transportation of oil (including other liquid hydrocarbons) in common carrier pipelines is also subject to rate regulation. FERC regulates interstate oil pipeline transportation rates under the Interstate Commerce Act. We are subject to such regulation when we provide such interstate transportation of oil in our midstream operations, and we have a tariff on file with FERC for that purpose. Intrastate oil pipeline transportation rates are subject to regulation by state regulatory commissions. The basis for intrastate oil pipeline regulation, and the degree of regulatory oversight and scrutiny given to intrastate oil pipeline rates, varies from state to state. Insofar as effective interstate and intrastate rates are equally applicable to all comparable shippers, we believe that the regulation of oil transportation rates will not affect our operations in any materially different way than such regulation will affect the operations of our competitors. Further, interstate and intrastate common carrier oil pipelines, including ours and those on which we transport oil, must provide service on a non-discriminatory basis. Under this open access standard, common carriers must offer service to all shippers requesting service on the same terms and under the same rates. When oil pipelines operate at full capacity, access is governed by prorationing provisions set forth in the pipelines published tariffs. Accordingly, we believe that access to oil pipeline transportation services generally will be available to us to the same extent as to our competitors. Safety and Maintenance Regulation. In our midstream operations, we are subject to regulation by the U.S. Department of Transportation, or DOT, under the Hazardous Liquids Pipeline Safety Act of 1979, or HLPSA, and comparable state statutes with respect to design, installation, testing, construction, operation, replacement and management of pipeline facilities. HLPSA covers petroleum and petroleum products, including natural gas liquids and condensate, and requires any entity that owns or operates pipeline facilities to comply with such regulations, to permit access to and copying of records and to file certain reports and provide information as required by the United States Secretary of Transportation. These regulations include potential fines and penalties for violations. We believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these HLPSA regulations. We are also subject to the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002. The Pipeline Safety Improvement Act establishes mandatory inspections for all United States crude oil and natural gas transportation pipelines and some gathering pipelines in high-consequence areas within ten years. DOT, through the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, or PHMSA, has developed regulations implementing the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act that requires pipeline operators to implement integrity management programs, including more frequent inspections and other safety protections in areas where the consequences of potential pipeline accidents pose the greatest risk to people and their property. The PHMSA regulations also provide for the inspection and testing of pipelines and the correction of anomalies, and require that pipeline operation and maintenance personnel meet certain qualifications and that pipeline operators develop comprehensive spill response plans and spill response training for pipeline personnel. The Pipeline Safety and Job Creation Act, enacted in 2011, the Protecting our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act of 2016, and the Protecting Our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act of 2020, also known as the PIPES Act, amended the HLPSA and increased safety regulation. The Pipeline Safety and Job Creation Act doubles the maximum administrative fines for safety violations from $100,000 to $200,000 for a single violation and from $1.0 million to $2.0 million for a related series of violations (now increased for inflation to $272,926 and $2,729,245, respectively), and provides that these maximum penalty caps do not apply to civil enforcement actions, establishes additional safety requirements for newly constructed pipelines, and requires studies of certain safety issues that could result in the adoption of new regulatory requirements for existing pipelines, including the expansion of integrity management, use of automatic and remote-controlled shut-off valves, leak detection systems, sufficiency of existing regulation of gathering pipelines, use of excess flow valves, verification of maximum allowable operating pressure, incident notification, and other pipeline-safety related requirements. The PIPES Act ensures that the PHMSA completes the Pipeline Safety and Job Creation Act requirements; reforms PHMSA to be a more dynamic, data-driven regulator; and closes gaps in federal standards. PHMSA has undertaken rulemakings to address many areas of this legislation. For example, on October 1, 2019, PHMSA published final rules to expand its integrity management requirements and impose new pressure testing requirements on regulated pipelines, including certain segments outside High Consequence Areas. Also, on November 15, 2021, PHMSA published a final rule extending reporting requirements to all onshore gas gathering operators and establishing a set of minimum safety requirements for certain gas gathering pipelines with large diameters and high operating pressures, and, on August 24, 2022, PHMSA published a final rule strengthening integrity management requirements for onshore gas 18 Table of Contents transmission lines, bolstering corrosion control standards and repair criteria, and imposing new requirements for inspections after extreme weather events. In October 2024, PHMSA issued a notice of proposed rulemaking recommending modernizing and simplifying the hazardous material regulations, enhancing safety standards across rail, highway, and vessel transportation while also providing annual cost savings for businesses and consumers. Following the change in Presidential Administration, PHMSA in January 2025 extended the public comment period for the rulemaking until April 28, 2025, but has not otherwise acted on that proposed rulemaking. In May 2025, PHMSA issued two Advance Notices of Proposed Rulemaking ( ANPRM ) seeking public comment on updates to its safety regulations for pipelines and LNG facilities aimed at implementing the President s Unleashing American Energy Executive Order. In June 2025, PHMSA issued another ANPRM to solicit stakeholder feedback on whether to repeal or amend any requirements in its pipeline safety regulations to eliminate undue burdens on the identification, development, and use of domestic energy resources and to improve government efficiency. The ultimate impact of those efforts of the Trump Administration remains to be seen. If safety standards were to become more stringent in the future, it could cause us, like other similarly situated pipeline operators, to install new or modified safety controls, pursue additional capital projects or conduct maintenance programs on an accelerated or expanded basis, any or all of which tasks could result in our incurring increased operating costs that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. In addition, any material penalties or fines issued to us under these or other statutes, rules, regulations or orders for any violations could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flow. States are largely preempted by federal law from regulating pipeline safety but may assume responsibility for enforcing intrastate pipeline regulations at least as stringent as the federal standards, and many states have been certified by PHMSA to assume responsibility to enforce the federal standards. For example, on December 17, 2019, the Texas Railroad Commission adopted rules requiring that operators of gathering lines take appropriate actions to fix safety hazards. We do not anticipate any significant problems in complying with applicable federal and state laws and regulations in Texas. Our gathering pipelines have ongoing inspection and compliance programs designed to keep the facilities in compliance with applicable pipeline safety and pollution control requirements. In addition to PHMSA regulation, we are subject to the requirements of OSHA and comparable state statutes, whose purpose is to protect the health and safety of workers. Moreover, the OSHA hazard communication standard, the EPA community right-to-know regulations under Title III of the federal Superfund Amendment and Reauthorization Act and comparable state statutes require that information be maintained concerning hazardous materials used or produced in our operations and that this information be provided to employees, state and local government authorities and citizens. Rattler LLC and the entities in which it owns an interest are also subject to OSHA Process Safety Management regulations, which are designed to prevent or minimize the consequences of catastrophic releases of toxic, reactive, flammable or explosive chemicals. These regulations apply to any process which involves a chemical at or above specified thresholds, or any process which involves flammable liquid or gas, pressurized tanks, caverns and wells in excess of 10,000 pounds at various locations. Flammable liquids stored in atmospheric tanks below their normal boiling point without the benefit of chilling or refrigeration are exempt from these standards. Also, the Department of Homeland Security and other agencies such as the EPA continue to develop regulations concerning the security of industrial facilities, including crude oil and natural gas facilities. We are subject to a number of requirements and must prepare Federal Response Plans to comply. We must also prepare Risk Management Plans under the regulations promulgated by the EPA to implement the requirements under the CAA to prevent the accidental release of extremely hazardous substances. We have an internal program of inspection designed to monitor and enforce compliance with safeguard and security requirements. We believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations relating to safety and security. State Regulation. Texas regulates the drilling for, and the production, gathering and sale of, oil and natural gas, including imposing severance taxes and requirements for obtaining drilling permits. States also regulate the method of developing new fields, the spacing and operation of wells and the prevention of waste of oil and natural gas resources. States may regulate rates of production and may establish maximum daily production allowables from oil and natural gas wells based on market demand or resource conservation, or both. States do not regulate wellhead prices or engage in other similar direct economic regulation, but we cannot assure you that they will not do so in the future. The effect of these regulations may be to limit the amount of oil and natural gas that may be produced from our wells and to limit the number of wells or locations we can drill. The petroleum industry is also subject to compliance with various other federal, state and local regulations and laws. Some of those laws relate to resource conservation and equal employment opportunity. We do not believe that compliance with these laws will have a material adverse effect on us. 19 Table of Contents Operational Hazards and Insurance The oil and natural gas industry involves a variety of operating risks, including the risk of fire, explosions, blow outs, pipe failures and, in some cases, abnormally high pressure formations which could lead to environmental hazards such as oil spills, natural gas leaks and the discharge of toxic gases. If any of these should occur, we could incur legal defense costs and could be required to pay amounts due to injury, loss of life, damage or destruction to property, natural resources and equipment, pollution or environmental damage, regulatory investigation and penalties and suspension of operations. In accordance with what we believe to be industry practice, we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of the operating risks to which our business is exposed. We currently have insurance policies for onshore property (oil lease property/production equipment) for selected locations, control of well protection for all wells, comprehensive general liability, commercial automobile, workers compensation, pollution liability (claims made coverage with a policy retroactive date and occurrence-based coverage for sudden, accidental releases), excess umbrella liability and other coverage. Our insurance is subject to certain exclusions and limitations, and there is no assurance that such coverage will fully or adequately protect us against liability from all potential consequences, damages and losses. Any of these operational hazards could cause a significant disruption to our business. A loss not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. See Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report for additional information regarding operating hazard and uninsured risks. We reevaluate the purchase of insurance, policy terms and limits annually. Future insurance coverage for our industry could increase in cost and may include higher deductibles or retentions. In addition, some forms of insurance may become unavailable in the future or unavailable on terms that we believe are economically acceptable. No assurance can be given that we will be able to maintain insurance in the future at rates that we consider reasonable and we may elect to maintain minimal or no insurance coverage. We may not be able to secure additional insurance or bonding that might be required by new governmental regulations. This may cause us to restrict our operations, which might severely impact our financial position. The occurrence of a significant event, not fully insured against, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Generally, we also require our third-party vendors to sign master service agreements in which they agree to indemnify us for property damage and injuries and deaths of the service provider s employees as well as contractors and subcontractors hired by the service provider. Human Capital We have built a culture grounded upon the solid foundation of our core values leadership, integrity, excellence, people and teamwork which guide how we operate across the organization. We set high expectations for all of our employees in terms of how they operate and interact, in the office, in the field and in the community. We challenge them to identify new ways to foster a better future for themselves and for our organization. Our board of directors, through its Safety, Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee (the SS CR Committee ), provides an important oversight of our human capital management strategy, including on issues of diversity, equity and inclusion. The SS CR Committee receives regular updates from our executive leadership, senior management and third-party consultants on human capital trends and other key human capital matters impacting our business. We ended the year 2025 with 1,762 full-time employees. None of our full-time employees are represented by labor unions or covered by any collective bargaining agreements. In addition, we engage independent contractors and consultants in land, technical, regulatory and other disciplines to support our full-time employees. Equal Opportunity, Recruiting and Retention Equal employment opportunity is a core principle of our organization. We are committed to attracting and retaining top talent and fostering a respectful work environment. Our employment decisions are guided by merit, qualifications, competencies and demonstrated contributions in compliance with all applicable laws. We value the diverse perspectives, experiences and ideas contributed by employees from a wide range of ethnic, cultural and ideological backgrounds. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 25% of our employees are women and 40% self-identify as ethnic minorities. To further support transparency around our workforce demographics, we disclosed our 2024 Equal Employment Opportunity data in our 2025 Corporate Sustainability Report. 20 Table of Contents In 2025, we expanded our recruitment efforts, with a particular focus on college recruitment and internship programs. We collaborated with several student organizations to reinforce this inclusive initiative, which will continue in the future. Our focus on military recruiting and partnerships with two-year technical schools for technical talent remain a priority for field operations. In addition, we have focused on recruiting experienced hires to target and retain top industry talent. In 2025, our total attrition rate was approximately 19%, which includes our remaining Endeavor Energy Resources integration efforts and asset divestitures. Excluding these factors, our adjusted attrition rate was approximately 8%. We believe our ability to retain talent is supported by our corporate culture, which emphasizes diversity and inclusion, teamwork and a strong commitment to employee development and career advancement. Health and Safety Protecting employees, the public and the environment is a top priority in our operations and in the way we manage our assets. We are focused on minimizing the risk of workplace incidents and preparing for emergencies. We also strive to comply with all applicable health, safety and environmental standards, laws and regulations. We have committed to reduce injuries and fatalities in our business and are focused on safety culture improvements, safety leadership actions and human performance principles. We require our operational employees and independent contractors and their employees to go through orientation and training aligned with the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers Life Saving Rules, a program that also meets the operational safety requirements adopted by the American Petroleum Institute. We also involve employees from all operational levels in our safety program to provide input and suggested improvements to the overall safety program, recommend preventative measures based on reviewing vehicle and personnel incidents, perform safety and environmental audits at operational locations and participate in the audit and oversight of the Diamondback Hazard Communication Program. Since inception, we have had no employee work-related fatalities. Our employee OSHA recordable cases, comprising work-related injuries and illnesses that require medical treatment beyond first aid, totaled 11 in 2025, consistent with 11 in 2024. Our employee total recordable incident rate (TRIR) was 0.62 in 2025, down from 0.82 in 2024, and lost-time incident rate was 0.45 in 2025 consistent with 0.45 in 2024. At December 31, 2025, we had a short-term goal of maintaining an employee TRIR of 0.25 or less. Training and Development We support employees in pursuing training opportunities to expand their professional skills. Our internal course offerings in 2025 included a wide array of topics in addition to extensive safety and other compliance training sessions. Additionally, our people undergo training and education each year on regulatory compliance, industry standards and innovative opportunities to effectively manage the challenges of developing our resources. We have also implemented development programs that are designed to build leadership capabilities at all levels. Our Facilities Our corporate headquarters is located at the Fasken Center in Midland, Texas, and we own office space in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. We also lease additional office space in Dallas, Texas. Availability of Company Reports Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are available free of charge on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.diamondbackenergy.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Information contained on, or connected to, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report and should not be considered part of this or any other report that we file with or furnish to the SEC. Reports filed or furnished with the SEC are also made available on its website at www.sec.gov. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The nature of our business activities subjects us to certain hazards and risks. The following is a summary of the material risks relating to our business activities. We could also face additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. If any of these risks actually occurs, it could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations and the trading price of our shares could decline. 21 Table of Contents The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results: Risks Related to the Oil and Natural Gas Industry and Our Business Geopolitics and market conditions, and particularly volatility in prices for oil and natural gas, may adversely affect our revenue, cash flows, profitability, growth, production and the present value of our estimated reserves. Our commodity price derivatives could result in financial losses, may fail to protect us from declines in commodity prices, prevent us from fully benefiting from commodity price increases and may expose us to other risks, including counterparty credit risk. Changes in U.S. trade policy and the impact of tariffs may have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Risks relating to the transition to a low carbon economy could impose new costs on our operations that may have a material and adverse effect on us. Changing political and social perspectives on climate change and other environmental, social and governance factors may create risks and uncertainties impacting our business. Our targets related to sustainability and emissions reduction initiatives, including our public statements and disclosures regarding them, may expose us to numerous risks. Our success depends on developing our existing leasehold acreage and finding, developing or acquiring additional reserves. We may be unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms or at all to fund our acquisitions, exploration or development activities. Our failure to successfully identify, complete and integrate pending and future acquisitions of properties or businesses could reduce our earnings. Our identified potential drilling locations are susceptible to uncertainties that could materially alter the occurrence or timing of their drilling. We may fail to meet our obligations to deliver specified quantities of oil under our oil purchase contracts. The loss of one or more of our customers or their inability to meet their obligations may adversely affect our financial results. Our method of accounting for investments in oil and natural gas properties may result in impairment of asset value. Any material inaccuracies in reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves. The standardized measure of our estimated proved reserves is not necessarily the same as the current market value of our estimated proved reserves. We are vulnerable to risks associated with our primary operations concentrated in a single geographic area. If transportation or other facilities, certain of which we do not control, or rigs, equipment, raw materials, supplies, oilfield services or personnel become unavailable or too costly, our operations could be interrupted and our revenues reduced. Restrictions on our ability to obtain water and dispose of produced water, and additional monitoring and reporting requirements related to existing and new produced water disposal wells in the Permian Basin could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our planned exploratory drilling in existing or emerging shale plays is subject to risks associated with drilling and completion techniques. Our operations are subject to various governmental laws and regulations which require compliance that can be burdensome and expensive. U.S. tax legislation may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. We operate in areas of high industry activity, which may affect our ability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel needed to manage and operate our assets. Operating hazards and uninsured risks may result in substantial losses and could prevent us from realizing profits. We may not be able to keep pace with technological developments in our industry. Our operations depend heavily on electrical power, internet and telecommunication infrastructure and information and computer systems. If any of these systems are compromised or unavailable, our business could be adversely affected. Legal proceedings brought against us could result in substantial liabilities and materially and adversely impact our financial condition. Failure to comply with cybersecurity and data privacy laws and regulations could have a material effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial loss. Following the closing of the Endeavor Acquisition, the Endeavor equityholders have the ability to significantly influence our business, and their interest in our business may be different from that of other stockholders. 22 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Indebtedness Our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our results of operations, business flexibility and our ability to service our debt. A downgrade in our debt ratings could restrict our access to, and negatively impact the terms of, current or future financings or trade credit. Risks Related to Our Common Stock The declaration of dividends and any repurchases of our common stock are each within the discretion of our board of directors, and there is no guarantee that we will pay any dividends on or repurchases of our common stock in the future or at levels anticipated by our stockholders. A change of control could limit our use of net operating losses and certain other tax attributes. We may issue preferred stock whose terms could adversely affect the voting power or value of our common stock. Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law make it more difficult to effect a change in control of the company, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. The provision of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws requiring exclusive venue in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware for certain types of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. Risks Related to the Oil and Natural Gas Industry and Our Business Geopolitics and market conditions for oil and natural gas, and particularly volatility in prices for oil and natural gas, have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, our revenue, cash flows, profitability, growth, production and the present value of our estimated reserves. Our revenues, operating results, profitability, future rate of growth and the carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties depend significantly upon the prevailing prices for oil and natural gas. Historically, oil and natural gas prices have been volatile and are subject to fluctuations in response to changes in supply and demand, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control, including the domestic and foreign supply of oil and natural gas; the level of prices and expectations about future prices of oil and natural gas; the level of global oil and natural gas exploration and production; the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and delivering oil and natural gas; the price and quantity of foreign imports; political and economic conditions in oil producing countries; regional conflicts and political instability; the continued threat of terrorism, including attacks targeting oil and gas facilities and the impact of military and other action; the ability of members of OPEC+ to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls; speculative trading in crude oil and natural gas derivative contracts; the level of consumer product demand; extreme weather conditions and other natural disasters; risks associated with operating drilling rigs; technological advances affecting energy consumption; the price and availability of alternative fuels; domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; global or national health concerns, including the outbreak of pandemic or contagious disease; the proximity, cost, availability and capacity of oil and natural gas pipelines and other transportation facilities; and overall domestic and global economic conditions. Our results of operations may also be adversely impacted by any future government rule, regulation or order that may impose production limits, as well as pipeline capacity and storage constraints, in the Permian Basin where we operate. These factors and the volatility of the energy markets make it extremely difficult to predict future oil and natural gas price movements with any certainty. From the beginning of 2023 through the end of 2025, WTI prices ranged from $55.27 to $93.68 per Bbl and the Henry Hub price of natural gas ranged from $1.58 to $5.29 per MMBtu. If the prices of oil and natural gas decline, our production, proved reserves and cash flows are likely to be adversely impacted. Our commodity price derivatives could result in financial losses, may fail to protect us from declines in commodity prices, prevent us from fully benefiting from commodity price increases and may expose us to other risks, including counterparty credit risk. We use commodity price derivatives, which have historically included swaps, basis swaps, swaptions, roll hedges, costless collars, puts and basis puts, to reduce price volatility associated with certain of our oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids sales. Currently, we have hedged a portion of our estimated 2026 and 2027 production. To the extent that the prices of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids remain at current levels or decline further, we may not be able to economically hedge additional future production at the same level as our current commodity price derivatives, and our results of operations and financial condition may be negatively impacted. While these commodity price derivatives are intended to mitigate risk from 23 Table of Contents commodity price volatility, we may be prevented from fully realizing the benefits of increases in the prices of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids above the price levels of the commodity price derivatives used to manage price risk. At settlement, market prices for commodities may exceed the contract prices in our commodity price derivatives agreements, resulting in our need to make significant cash payments to our counterparties. Further, by using commodity derivative instruments, we expose ourselves to credit risk if we are in a positive position at contract settlement and the counterparty fails to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. We do not require collateral from our counterparties. Additionally, U.S. and non U.S. derivatives reforms (including the Dodd Frank Act) impose clearing, margin and other requirements. While we do not expect material direct effects, our counterparties compliance could increase our hedging costs, limit instrument availability, and heighten counterparty credit exposure, leading to greater earnings and cash flow volatility. These regulations could also depress commodity prices, further reducing our revenues. For additional information regarding our outstanding derivative contracts as of December 31, 2025, see Note 12 Derivatives in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Commodity Price Risk of this report. Changes in U.S. trade policy and the impact of tariffs may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by uncertainty and changes in U.S. trade policies, including tariffs, trade agreements or other trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. or other governments. The recent uncertainty over such policies has caused substantial volatility in commodity, capital and financial markets, increased concerns over domestic and global inflation and adversely impacted consumer confidence in the U.S. and worldwide. Tariffs or other trade restrictions may lead to continuing uncertainty and volatility in U.S. and global financial and economic conditions and commodity markets, declining consumer confidence, significant inflation and diminished expectations for the economy, and ultimately reduced demand for oil and natural gas. Such conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows. Also, disruptions and volatility in the financial markets may lead to adverse changes in the availability, terms and cost of capital. Such adverse changes could increase our costs of capital and limit our access to external financing sources to fund acquisitions, repurchases of securities or other capital requirements. Changes in tariffs and trade restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice. The adoption and expansion of tariffs or other trade restrictions, increasing trade tensions, or other changes in governmental policies related to taxes and tariffs, are difficult to predict, which makes attendant risks difficult to anticipate and mitigate. If we are unable to navigate further changes in U.S. or international trade policy, it could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Risks relating to the transition to a low carbon economy could impose new costs on our operations that may have a material and adverse effect on us. Governmental and regulatory bodies, investors, consumers, industry and other stakeholders have evolving and varied views on climate change matters in recent years. Such views, together with changes in consumer and industrial/commercial behavior, preferences and attitudes with respect to the generation and consumption of energy, the use of hydrocarbons, and the use of products manufactured with, or powered by, hydrocarbons, may result in: (i) the enactment of new or evolving climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives by governments, investors, and other companies, including alternative energy or zero carbon requirements and fuel or energy conservation measures; (ii) technological advances with respect to the generation, transmission, storage and consumption of energy (including advances in battery technology); (iii) variability in demand from consumers and industry for energy sources other than oil and natural gas (including wind, solar, nuclear, and geothermal sources as well as electric vehicles); and (iv) development of, and variable demand from consumers and industry for, lower-emission products and services (including electric vehicles and renewable residential and commercial power supplies) as well as more efficient products and services. Any of these developments may reduce the demand for products manufactured with (or powered by) hydrocarbons and the demand for, and in turn the prices of, the oil and natural gas that we produce and sell, which would likely have a material adverse impact on us. If any of these developments reduce the desirability of participating in the oilfield services, midstream or downstream portions of the oil and gas industry, then these developments may also reduce the availability to us of necessary third-party services and facilities that we rely on, which could increase our operational costs and adversely affect 24 Table of Contents our ability to explore for, produce, transport and process oil and natural gas and successfully carry out our business and financial strategy. The enactment of climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives may also result in increases in our compliance costs and other operating costs and have other adverse effects, such as a greater potential for governmental investigations or litigation. For further discussion regarding the risks to us of climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives, please see the section entitled Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties Regulation Climate Change of this report. In addition to potentially reducing demand for our oil and natural gas and potentially reducing the availability of oilfield services and midstream and downstream customers, further regulatory or other climate change incentives, to the extent they continue, may create investment and reputational risks associated with the exploration for, and production of, hydrocarbons, which may adversely affect the availability and cost to us of capital. Certain stakeholders and capital providers may seek to restrict or seek to impose stringent conditions with respect to their investment in or financing of certain carbon intensive sectors, which could result in capital being unavailable to us, or only at significantly increased costs. Changing political and social perspectives on climate change and other environmental, social and governance factors may create risks and uncertainties impacting our business. We may not be able to meet evolving expectations of stakeholders, including governmental officials, standard setters, investors, employees, and customers, relating to climate change, human capital, and other ESG issues. For example, while some policymakers, including the European Union and the State of California, have adopted disclosure and other requirements relating to ESG matters, other policymakers have sought to constrain companies consideration of such matters. Further, shareholders have sought to effect changes to public companies businesses or governance to deal with climate change-related issues through shareholder proposals, public campaigns, proxy solicitations or other actions. Any such future actions may result in significant management distraction and potentially significant expense. Additionally, cities, counties, and other governmental entities in several states in the U.S. have filed lawsuits against energy companies seeking damages allegedly associated with climate change. Similar lawsuits may be filed in other jurisdictions. If any such lawsuits were to be filed against us, whether due to our activities or the activities of the acquired entities or operations prior to their acquisition by us, we could incur substantial legal defense costs and, if any such litigation were adversely determined, we could incur substantial damages. Any of these climate change-related litigation risks could result in unexpected costs, negative sentiments about our company, disruptions in our operations, and increases to our operating expenses, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our targets related to sustainability and emissions reduction initiatives, including our public statements and disclosures regarding them, may expose us to numerous risks. We have developed, and will continue to develop, targets related to our ESG initiatives, including our emissions reduction targets and strategy. Statements in this and other reports we file with the SEC and other public statements related to these initiatives reflect our current plans and expectations and are not a guarantee the targets will be achieved or achieved on the currently anticipated timeline. Our ability to achieve our ESG targets, including emissions reductions, is subject to numerous factors and conditions, some of which are outside of our control, and failure to achieve our announced targets or comply with ethical, environmental or other standards, including reporting standards, may expose us to government enforcement actions or private litigation and adversely impact our business. Further, our continuing efforts to research, establish, accomplish and accurately report on these targets may create additional operational risks and expenses and expose us to reputational, legal and other risks. Further, in response to the evolving regulatory environment and investor expectations, or due to our acquisitions of other companies or assets, we may, periodically, make adjustments to our environmental targets or goals. If we do not, or are perceived to not, adapt or comply with certain investor or stakeholder expectations and standards on ESG matters, we may suffer from reputational damage and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Any reputational damage associated with ESG factors may also adversely impact our ability to recruit and retain employees and customers. 25 Table of Contents Our success depends on developing our existing leasehold acreage and finding, developing or acquiring additional reserves. A significant portion of our net leasehold acreage is undeveloped, or acreage on which wells have not been drilled or completed to a point that would permit the production of commercial quantities of oil and natural gas regardless of whether such acreage contains proved reserves. In addition, many of our oil and natural gas leases require us to drill wells that are commercially productive and to maintain the production in paying quantities, and if we are unsuccessful in drilling such wells and maintaining such production, we could lose our rights under such leases. Our future oil and natural gas reserves and production and, therefore, our future cash flow and income are highly dependent on successfully developing our undeveloped leasehold acreage. Leases on oil and natural gas properties typically have a term of three to five years, after which they expire unless, prior to expiration, production in paying quantities is established within the spacing units covering the undeveloped acres. The cost to renew such leases may increase significantly, and we may not be able to renew such leases on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any reduction in our current drilling program, either through a reduction in capital expenditures or the unavailability of drilling rigs, could result in the loss of acreage through lease expirations. Any non-renewal or other loss of leases could materially and advers