=== FTV_2026-02-25.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents we file with the SEC. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material, but are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as market conditions, economic conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws, regulations, or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest rates, terrorism, wars or conflicts, major health concerns, natural disasters, or other disruptions of expected business conditions. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business, including our results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition. Risk Related to Our Business Operations Conditions in the global economy, the markets we serve, and the financial markets may adversely affect our business and financial results. Our business is impacted by general economic conditions, and adverse economic conditions arising from any slower global economic growth, reduced demand or consumer confidence, energy, manufacturing or component supply constraints arising from international conflicts, high inflation rates and the corresponding interest rate policies, volatility in currency and credit markets, actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt, changes in global trade policies, unemployment and underemployment rates, immigration policies, reduced levels of capital expenditures, changes in government fiscal and monetary policies, political initiatives targeted at reducing government funding, government deficit reduction and budget negotiation dynamics, sequestration, other austerity measures, political and social instability, other geopolitical conflict, sanctions, natural disasters, public health crises, terrorist attacks, and other challenges affect us and our distributors, customers, and suppliers, including having the effect of: • reducing demand for our products, software, and services, limiting the financing available to our customers and suppliers, increasing order cancellations, and resulting in longer sales cycles and slower adoption of new technologies; • increasing the difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and the risk of excess and obsolete inventories; 11 Table of Contents • increasing price competition in our served markets; • supply interruptions, which could disrupt our ability to produce our products; • increasing the risk of impairment of goodwill and other long-lived assets, and the risk that we may not be able to fully recover the value of other assets such as real estate and tax assets; • increasing the impact of currency translation; and • increasing the risk that counterparties to our contractual arrangements will become insolvent or otherwise unable to fulfill their contractual obligations which, in addition to increasing the risks identified above, could result in preference actions against us. In addition, adverse general economic conditions may lead to instability in U.S. and global capital and credit markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity, and interest rate volatility. If we are unable to access capital and credit markets on terms that are acceptable to us or our lenders are unable to provide financing in accordance with their contractual obligations, we may not be able to make certain investments or acquisitions or fully execute our business plans and strategies. Furthermore, our suppliers and customers are also dependent upon the capital and credit markets. Limitations on the ability of customers, suppliers, or financial counterparties to access credit at interest rates and on terms that are acceptable to them could lead to insolvencies of key suppliers and customers, limit or prevent customers from obtaining credit to finance purchases of our products and services, and cause delays in the delivery of key products from suppliers. If growth in the global economy or in any of the markets we serve slows for a significant period, if there is significant deterioration in the global economy or such markets, if there is instability in global capital and credit markets, or if improvements in the global economy do not benefit the markets we serve, our business and financial results would be adversely affected. If we cannot adjust our manufacturing capacity, supply chain management or the purchases required for our manufacturing activities to reflect changes in market conditions, international trade policies, customer demand and supply chain disruptions, our profitability may suffer. In addition, our reliance upon sole or limited sources of supply for certain materials, components, and services could cause production interruptions, delays and inefficiencies. We purchase materials, components, and equipment from third parties for use in our manufacturing operations. Our income could be adversely impacted if we are unable to adjust our purchases and supply chain management to reflect any supply chain or transportation disruptions or changes in customer demand and market fluctuations, geopolitical disruptions, severe weather events, increases in demand outpacing supply capabilities, labor shortages, seasonality or cyclicality. During a market upturn or general supply chain disruptions, suppliers have extended lead times, limited supplies, or increased prices. If we cannot purchase sufficient products at competitive prices and quality and on a timely enough basis to meet demand for our products, we may not be able to satisfy market demand, product shipments may be delayed, our costs may increase, or we may breach our contractual commitments and incur liabilities. Conversely, in order to secure supplies for the production of products, we sometimes enter into noncancelable purchase commitments with vendors, which could impact our ability to adjust our inventory to reflect declining market demands. If demand for our products is less than we expect, we may experience additional excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional charges and our profitability may suffer. In addition, some of our businesses purchase certain requirements from sole or limited source suppliers for reasons of quality assurance, cost effectiveness, availability, contractual obligations or uniqueness of design. If these or other suppliers encounter financial, operating, quality, or other difficulties or if our relationship with them changes, including as a result of contractual disputes, we might not be able to quickly establish or qualify replacement sources of supply. The supply chains for our businesses could also be disrupted by supplier capacity constraints, operational or quality issues, bankruptcy or exiting of the business for other reasons, decreased availability of key raw materials or commodities, and external events such as natural disasters, severe weather events that are occurring more frequently or with more intense effects as a result of global climate change, public health crises, war, terrorist actions, governmental actions, and legislative or regulatory changes, among others. Any of these factors could result in production interruptions, delays, extended lead times, and inefficiencies. Because we cannot always immediately adapt our production capacity and related cost structures to changing market conditions, our manufacturing capacity may at times exceed or fall short of our production requirements. Any or all of these problems could result in the loss of customers, provide an opportunity for competing products to gain market acceptance, and otherwise adversely affect our profitability. 12 Table of Contents Our financial results are subject to fluctuations in the cost and availability of commodities or components that we use in our operations. As discussed in the section entitled “Business—Materials,” our manufacturing and other operations employ a wide variety of components, raw materials, and other commodities. Prices for and availability of these components, raw materials, and other commodities have fluctuated significantly in the past. In particular, the widespread supply chain challenges due to labor, raw material, and component shortages, as well as widespread logistics issues, affected multiple industries, raised material and shipping costs, limited the quantities available, and extended the lead time required for supplies and deliveries. Any sustained interruption in the supply of these items, including as a result of general supply chain constraints, increasing demand outpacing supplies, or contractual disputes with suppliers or vendors, could adversely affect our business. In addition, due to the highly competitive nature of the industries that we serve, the cost-containment efforts of our customers, and the terms of certain contracts we are party to, if commodity or component prices rise we may be unable to pass along cost increases through higher prices. If we are unable to fully recover higher commodity or component costs through price increases or offset these increases through cost reductions, or if there is a time delay between the increase in costs and our ability to recover or offset these costs, we could experience lower margins and profitability and our financial results could be adversely affected. Our growth could suffer if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated, or experience cyclicality. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve, and visibility into our markets is limited (particularly for markets into which we sell through distribution). Our quarterly sales and profits depend substantially on the volume and timing of orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which could adversely affect our financial results. Certain of our businesses operate in industries that may experience periodic, cyclical downturns. In addition, in certain of our businesses, demand depends on customers’ capital spending budgets, and product and economic cycles can affect the spending decisions of these entities. Demand for our products and services is also sensitive to changes in customer order patterns, which may be affected by announced price changes, changes in incentive programs, new product introductions, and customer inventory levels. Any of these factors could adversely affect our growth and results of operations in any given period. We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. Even if we compete effectively, we may be required to reduce prices for our products and services. Many of our businesses operate in industries that are intensely competitive and have been subject to consolidation. Because of the range of the products and services we sell and the variety of markets we serve, we encounter a wide variety of competitors. See “Business—Competition.” In order to compete effectively, we must retain longstanding relationships with major customers and continue to grow our business by establishing relationships with new customers, continually developing new or enhanced products and services to maintain and expand our brand recognition and leadership position in various product and service categories, and penetrating new markets, including high-growth markets. Our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our financial results, and our expansion into new markets may result in greater-than-expected risks, liabilities and expenses. Our growth depends in part on the timely development, commercialization and customer acceptance of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. We generally sell our products and services in industries that are characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent new product introductions and changing industry standards. If we do not develop innovative new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis, our offerings will become obsolete over time and our competitive position and financial results will suffer. Our success will depend on several factors, including our ability to: • accurately identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs and preferences; • allocate our research and development funding to products and services with higher growth prospects; • anticipate and respond to our competitors’ development of new products and services and technological innovations; • differentiate our offerings from our competitors’ offerings and avoid commoditization; • innovate and develop new technologies and applications, and acquire or obtain rights to third-party technologies that may have valuable applications in our served markets; • obtain adequate intellectual property rights with respect to key technologies before our competitors do; • successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner, price them competitively, and cost-effectively manufacture and deliver sufficient volumes of new products of appropriate quality on time; and • stimulate customer demand for and convince customers to adopt new technologies. 13 Table of Contents In addition, if we fail to accurately predict future customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest heavily in research and development of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue, which would adversely affect our profitability. Even if we successfully innovate and develop new and enhanced products and services, we may incur substantial costs in doing so, and our profitability may suffer. Our ability to successfully manage our leadership transition in connection with the completed Separation and attract, develop, and retain senior leaders and other key employees is critical to our success. In connection with the Separation and as part of our long-term succession planning, we transitioned each of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief People Officer roles in 2025 and early 2026. Our future performance is dependent upon our ability to manage successfully the leadership transitions and continue to attract, motivate and retain key leaders and other key employees. Unplanned loss of services of executives and other key employees or the failure to attract, motivate and develop new executives or other key employees could prevent us from successfully implementing and executing business strategies, and therefore adversely affect our financial results. Our success also depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain a talented employee base. Our brand, our culture, our ability to provide competitive compensation, our locations of operations, and our reputation are important to our ability to recruit and retain key employees in these competitive markets. If we are not competitive or successful in our recruiting efforts, if we cannot attract or retain key employees, if we do not adequately ensure effective succession planning or transfer of knowledge for our key employees, or if some of our key employees are unable to enter, or choose to leave, the United States given uncertainties relating to immigration laws or immigration enforcement actions, our ability to deliver and execute on our operational, development, or portfolio strategies would be adversely affected. Disruptions in, or breaches in security of, our information technology systems, exfiltration of confidential or sensitive data, and other cyberattacks have adversely affected, and in the future could adversely affect, our business. We collect, store, have access to and otherwise process certain confidential or sensitive data, including proprietary business information, customer data, personal data, and other information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and/or customer-imposed controls. We rely on information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties and some of which are managed on a decentralized, independent basis by our operating companies, to process, transmit, and store electronic information (including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personally identifiable data relating to employees, customers, and other business partners), and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities. These systems can be, and in the past have been, damaged, disrupted, accessed, or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, nation states, cyber-criminals, computer viruses, error or malfeasance by employee or former employees, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes, or other similar events, and in any such circumstances our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. In addition, security breaches of our systems or lack of sufficient control in our systems (or the systems of our customers, suppliers or other business partners) could result, and have resulted, in the misappropriation, change, destruction, exfiltration or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers, or suppliers. Like many multinational corporations, our information technology systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, and other cyber-attacks that have resulted in disruption of our operations, unauthorized access to confidential information and increased the cost of operations through containment, investigation and remediation efforts. Furthermore, we expect to be subject to similar incidents in the future as such attacks become more sophisticated and frequent, any of which may have a material adverse impact on our business continuity, operations or financial results. Increasing use of artificial intelligence may increase these risks. Any of the attacks, breaches, or other disruptions or damage described above, as well as corresponding investigation, containment, and remediation efforts, can disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in theft of our and our customers’ intellectual property and trade secrets, disclosure of personal data, damage customer and business partner relationships and our reputation, or result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy laws, and increased costs for security and remediation, each of which could adversely affect our business and financial results. Defects and unanticipated use or inadequate disclosure with respect to our products (including software) or services could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. Manufacturing or design defects impacting safety, cybersecurity, or quality issues (or the perception of such issues) for our products and services can lead to personal injury, death, property damage, data loss, or other damages. These events could lead to recalls or safety or other public alerts, result in product or service downtime or the temporary or permanent removal of a product or service from the market and result in product liability or similar claims being brought against us. Recalls, downtime, removals, and product liability and similar claims (regardless of their validity or ultimate outcome) can result in significant costs, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products and services. 14 Table of Contents Adverse changes in our relationships with, or the financial condition, performance, purchasing patterns, or inventory levels of, key distributors and other channel partners could adversely affect our financial results. Certain of our businesses sell a significant amount of their products to key distributors and other channel partners that have valuable relationships with customers and end-users. Some of these distributors and other partners also sell our competitors’ products or compete with us directly, and if they favor competing products for any reason they may fail to market our products effectively. Adverse changes in our relationships with these distributors and other partners, or adverse developments in their financial condition, performance, or purchasing patterns, could adversely affect our financial results. The levels of inventory maintained by our distributors and other channel partners, and changes in those levels, can also significantly impact our results of operations in any given period. In addition, the consolidation of distributors and customers in certain of the industries in which we operate could adversely impact our profitability. Work stoppages, works council campaigns, and other labor disputes could adversely impact our productivity and results of operations. We have various non-U.S. collective labor arrangements. We are subject to potential work stoppages, works council campaigns, and other labor disputes, any of which could adversely impact our productivity, results of operations, and reputation. If we suffer loss to our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems, or information technology systems due to catastrophe or other events, our operations could be seriously harmed. Our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems, and information technology systems are subject to catastrophic loss due to fire, flood, earthquake, hurricane, public health crises, war, terrorism, or other natural or man-made disasters, including those caused by climate change and other climate-related causes. If any of these facilities, supply chains, or systems were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in defective products or services, damage customer relationships and our reputation, and result in legal exposure and large repair or replacement expenses. The third-party insurance coverage that we maintain will vary from time to time in both type and amount depending on cost, availability, and our decisions regarding risk retention, and may be unavailable or insufficient to protect us against losses. If we do not or cannot adequately protect our intellectual property, or if third parties infringe our intellectual property rights, we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our rights. We own numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property and have licenses to intellectual property owned by others, which in aggregate are important to our business. The intellectual property rights that we obtain, however, may not be sufficiently broad or otherwise may not provide us a significant competitive advantage, and patents may not be issued for pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed to us. In addition, the steps that we and our licensors have taken to maintain and protect our intellectual property may not prevent it from being challenged, invalidated, circumvented, designed-around, or becoming subject to compulsory licensing, particularly in countries where intellectual property rights are not highly developed or protected. In some circumstances, enforcement may not be available to us because an infringer has a dominant intellectual property position or for other business reasons, or countries may require compulsory licensing of our intellectual property. We also rely on nondisclosure and noncompetition agreements with employees, consultants, and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary rights. There can be no assurance that these agreements will adequately protect our trade secrets and other proprietary rights and will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information, or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or other proprietary rights. Our failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights that convey competitive advantage, adequately protect our intellectual property or detect or prevent circumvention or unauthorized use of such property, and the cost of enforcing our intellectual property rights could adversely impact our business, including our competitive position, and financial results. Third parties may claim that we are infringing or misappropriating their intellectual property rights and we could suffer significant litigation expenses, losses, or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products or services. From time to time, we receive notices from third parties alleging intellectual property infringement or misappropriation. Any dispute or litigation regarding intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming due to the complexity of many of our technologies and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation. Our intellectual property portfolio may not be useful in asserting a counterclaim, or negotiating a license, in response to a claim of infringement or misappropriation. In addition, as a result of such claims of infringement or misappropriation, we could lose our rights to critical technology, be unable to license critical technology or sell critical products and services, be required to pay substantial damages or license fees with respect to the infringed rights, be required to license technology or other intellectual property rights from others, be required to cease marketing, manufacturing, or using certain products, or be required to redesign, re-engineer, or re-brand our products at 15 Table of Contents substantial cost, any of which could adversely impact our competitive position and financial results. Third-party intellectual property rights may also make it more difficult or expensive for us to meet market demand for particular product or design innovations. If we are required to seek licenses under patents or other intellectual property rights of others, we may not be able to acquire these licenses on acceptable terms, if at all. Even if we successfully defend against claims of infringement or misappropriation, we may incur significant costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. Our restructuring activities could have long-term adverse effects on our business. We have implemented, and may continue to implement significant restructuring activities across our businesses to adjust our cost structure, including restructuring activities relating to our recent separation of Ralliant. These significant restructuring activities as well as our regular ongoing cost reduction activities (including in connection with the integration of acquired businesses) reduce our available talent, assets, and other resources and could slow improvements in our products and services, adversely affect our ability to respond to customers and limit our ability to increase production quickly if demand for our products increases. In addition, delays in implementing planned restructuring activities or other productivity improvements, unexpected costs, or failure to meet targeted improvements may diminish the operational or financial benefits we realize from such actions. Any of the circumstances described above could adversely impact our business and financial results. We are subject to a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in the course of our business that could adversely affect our financial results. We are subject to a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings incidental to our business (or the business operations of previously owned entities), including claims for damages arising out of the use of products or services and claims relating to intellectual property matters, employment matters, tax matters, commercial disputes, disputes with our suppliers or vendors, competition and sales and trading practices, environmental matters, personal injury, insurance coverage, and acquisition or divestiture-related matters, as well as regulatory investigations or enforcement. We may also become subject to lawsuits as a result of past or future acquisitions or as a result of liabilities retained from, or representations, warranties, or indemnities provided in connection with, divested businesses. These lawsuits may include claims for compensatory damages, punitive and consequential damages, and/or injunctive relief. The defense of these lawsuits may divert our management’s attention, we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits, we may experience disruption in supply or sales, and we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements or become subject to equitable remedies that could adversely affect our operations and financial results. Moreover, any insurance or indemnification rights that we may have may be insufficient or unavailable to protect us against such losses. In addition, developments in proceedings in any given period may require us to adjust the loss contingency estimates that we have recorded in our financial results, record estimates for liabilities or assets that we were previously unable to estimate, or pay cash settlements or judgments. Any of these developments could adversely affect our financial results in any particular period. We cannot assure you that our liabilities in connection with litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our financial results and reputation. Climate change, or legal or regulatory measures to address climate 

=== FTV_2026-04-30.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 for further discussion regarding reasons that actual results may differ materially from the results, developments, and business decisions contemplated by our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of the report, document, press release, webcast, call, materials or other communication in which they are made (or such earlier date as may be specified 22 Table of Contents in such statement). We do not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events and developments or otherwise. OVERVIEW General Fortive is a multinational business with global operations with approximately 44% of our sales derived from customers outside the United States in 2025. As a company with global operations, our businesses are affected by worldwide, regional, and industry-specific economic, trade policies, fiscal policies, regulatory, and political factors. Our geographic and industry diversity, as well as the range of products, software, and services we offer, typically help limit the impact of any one industry or the economy of any single country, except for the United States, on our operating results. Given the broad range of products manufactured, software and services provided, and geographies served, we do not use any indices other than general economic trends to predict the overall outlook for the Company. Our individual businesses monitor key competitors and customers, including their sales, to the extent possible, to gauge relative performance and the outlook for the future. As a result of our geographic and industry diversity, we face a variety of opportunities and challenges, including technological development in most of the markets we serve, the expansion and evolution of opportunities in growing markets, trends and costs associated with a global labor force, trade policies, and consolidation of our competitors. We operate in a highly competitive business environment in most markets, and our long-term growth and profitability will depend, in particular, on our ability to expand our business across geographies and market segments, identify, consummate, and integrate appropriate acquisitions, develop innovative and differentiated new products, services, and software, expand and improve the effectiveness of our sales force, continue to reduce costs and improve operating efficiency and quality, attract relevant talent and retain, grow, and empower our talented workforce, and effectively address the demands of an increasingly regulated environment. We are making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions, to address technological change in the markets we serve and to improve our manufacturing, research and development, and customer-facing resources in order to be responsive to our customers throughout the world. Segment Presentation The IOS segment provides advanced instrumentation, software and services to tens of thousands of customers enabling their mission-critical workflows. The AHS segment supplies critical workflow solutions enabling healthcare providers to deliver exceptional patient care more efficiently. Refer to Note 1 of the consolidated condensed financial statements for further description of each segment. Non-GAAP Measures In this report, references to sales from existing businesses (“core revenue”) refer to sales from operations calculated according to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”) but excluding (1) the impact from acquired and divested businesses and (2) the impact of foreign currency translation. References to sales attributable to acquisitions or acquired businesses refer to GAAP sales from acquired businesses recorded prior to the first anniversary of the acquisition, less the amount of sales attributable to certain businesses or product lines that have been divested, or, at the time of reporting, are pending divestiture, but are not, and will not be, considered discontinued operations prior to the first anniversary of the divestiture. The portion of sales attributable to the impact of currency translation is calculated as the difference between (a) the period-to-period change in sales (excluding sales impact from acquired businesses) and (b) the period-to-period change in sales (excluding sales impact from acquired businesses) after applying the current period foreign exchange rates to the prior year period. Core revenue should be considered in addition to, and not as a replacement for or superior to, sales, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Management believes that reporting the non-GAAP financial measure of core revenue provides useful information to investors by helping identify underlying growth trends in our business and facilitating comparisons of our sales performance with our performance in prior and future periods and to our peers. We exclude the effect of acquisition and divestiture related items because the nature, size, and number of such transactions can vary dramatically from period to period and between us and our peers. We exclude the effect of currency translation from core revenue because the impact of currency translation is not under management’s control and is subject to volatility. Management believes the exclusion of the effect of acquisitions and divestitures and currency translation may facilitate the assessment of underlying business trends and may assist in comparisons of long-term performance. References to core sales growth refer to the impact of both price and unit sales. 23 Table of Contents Business Trends Our financial outlook is subject to various assumptions and risks, including but not limited to: ongoing geopolitical events; wars and hostilities in the Middle East and in Ukraine, including the corresponding impact on energy costs, interest rates, cybersecurity, international trade, and global economic conditions; monetary policies; inflationary pressures on expenses and pricing; uncertainties in governmental policies on international trade, regulations, sanctions, and healthcare; operational challenges from existing, new, increased, or uncertain status of tariffs, including in some cases, subsequent rollbacks, refunds, or suspensions; foreign exchange rate volatility, including the impact of unhedged foreign currency debts; reduction in U.S. government spending due to H.R.1, also known as the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”); and overall fiscal policies, including investment and taxation policy initiatives being considered in the U.S.; the incremental impacts of the Pillar Two initiative from the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”); and the impact from the Separation. In addition, our financial outlook is subject to the impact of the Supreme Court of the United States ruling invalidating certain tariffs imposed under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (the “IEEPA Ruling”). Impacts may include changes to operational and transaction costs; potential legislative or executive actions to reimpose similar tariffs; pricing or cost responses by customers, suppliers, and other supply chain partners; and actions by other countries, including changes to counter‑tariffs or related trade agreements. In addition, there remains uncertainty regarding the amount of, and process for obtaining, refunds of invalidated tariffs from the government and our vendors, as well as the potential for refund requests from our customers. We continue to monitor the conditions above and deploy the Fortive Business System (“FBS”), including tools and processes to leverage existing sourcing strategies and optimize production and logistics to actively manage these challenges and utilize pricing, cost and productivity actions and other countermeasures designed to offset the aforeme