=== KHC_2026-02-12.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties. In addition to the risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report on 7 Form 10-K, any of the risks and uncertainties described below could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and should be considered when evaluating Kraft Heinz. Although the risks are organized and described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. Some of the factors, events, and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, and the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past, but are provided because future occurrences of such factors, events, or contingencies could have a material adverse effect. While we believe we have identified and discussed the material risks affecting our business below, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be material that may adversely affect our business, performance, or financial condition in the future. Industry Risks We operate in a highly competitive industry. The food and beverage industry is highly competitive across all of our product offerings. Our principal competitors in these categories are manufacturers and retailers with their own branded and private label products. We compete based on product innovation, price, product quality, nutritional value, service, taste, convenience, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing and distribution, promotional activity, and the ability to identify and satisfy changing consumer preferences. We may need to reduce our prices, or be restricted or delayed in our ability to increase prices, in response to competitive, customer, consumer, regulatory, or macroeconomic pressures, including pressures related to private label products that are generally sold at lower prices. These pressures have restricted, and may in the future continue to restrict, our ability to increase prices and maintain those price increases in response to commodity and other cost increases, including those related to inflationary pressures. Furthermore, our competitors may attempt to gain market share by offering products at prices at or below those typically offered by our company, which may require us to increase spending on advertising and promotions and/or reduce prices. Failure to effectively assess, timely change, and properly set pricing, promotions, or trade incentives may negatively impact our ability to achieve our objectives. In addition, in order to remain competitive, we rely on our ability to secure new retailers and maintain or add shelf space for our products. If we are unable to secure sufficient and attractive shelf space, adequate product visibility, and attractive pricing for our products with retailers, our products may be disadvantaged against our competitors. Even if we obtain preferred product visibility and shelf space, our new and existing products may fail to achieve the sales expectations set by retailers, which may cause these retailers to remove our products from their shelves. Our products are sold in highly competitive marketplaces, including e-commerce retailers, large-format retailers, and discounters. Competition amongst retailers may create consumer price deflation, affecting our retail customer relationships and presenting additional challenges to increasing prices in response to commodity or other cost increases. We may also need to increase or reallocate spending on marketing, retail trade incentives, advertising, and new product, platform, or channel innovation to maintain or increase market share. These expenditures are subject to risks, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance of our efforts. If we are unable to compete effectively, our profitability, financial condition, and operating results may decline. Our success depends on our ability to correctly predict, identify, and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand, to offer new products to meet those changes, and to respond to competitive innovation. Consumer preferences for food and beverage products change continually and rapidly. Our success depends on our ability to predict, identify, and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of consumers. We must continue to offer products that appeal to consumers, including with respect to their health and wellness preferences and changing consumption patterns, such as those potentially associated with weight-loss drugs. If we do not offer products that appeal to consumers, our sales and market share will decrease, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, and operating results. Further, changing consumer preferences relating to the healthiness or desirability of ingredients, components, or substances present or allegedly present in our products or packaging could negatively impact our product sales, financial condition, and operating results if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to satisfy consumer preferences. Moreover, weak economic conditions, recessions, inflation, severe or unusual weather events, pandemics, geopolitical conflicts, public boycotts, as well as other factors, could affect consumer preferences and demand, at times, causing a strain on our supply chain due, in part, to retailers, distributors, or carriers modifying their restocking, fulfillment, or shipping practices. Failure to adequately respond to these changes could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. We must distinguish between short-term trends and long-term changes in consumer preferences. If we do not accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences will be long-term, or if we fail to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences, our sales could decline. In addition, because of our varied consumer base, we must offer an array of products that satisfies a broad spectrum of consumer preferences. If we fail to expand our product offerings successfully across product 8 categories or platforms, or if we do not rapidly develop products in faster-growing or more profitable categories, demand for our products could decrease, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health, environmental, or social implications of certain food and beverage products, ingredients, additives, preservatives or packaging materials could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of our products and marketing programs. Our ability to refine the ingredient and nutrition profiles of and packaging for our products as well as to maintain focus on ethical sourcing and supply chain management opportunities to address evolving consumer preferences are important to our growth. We strive to respond to consumer preferences and social expectations, but we may not be successful in our efforts. Continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer preferences could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, our growth depends on our successful development, introduction, and marketing of innovative new products and line extensions. There are inherent risks associated with new product or packaging introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance or potential impacts on our existing product offerings. We may be required to increase expenditures for new product development. Successful innovation depends on our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance, to obtain, protect, and maintain necessary intellectual property rights, and to avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. We must also be able to respond successfully to technological advances by our competitors (including artificial intelligence, machine learning, and augmented reality, which may become critical in interpreting consumer preferences in the future), and failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and impact our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Changes in the retail landscape or the loss of key retail customers could adversely affect our financial performance. The retail landscape has experienced, and may continue to experience, the consolidation of ownership of retailers and the presence of buying groups resulting in increased purchasing power. Retail customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs, and food distributors in our major markets, may continue to consolidate, resulting in fewer but larger customers for our business across various channels. These larger customers may seek to leverage their positions to improve their profitability by demanding improved efficiency, lower pricing, more favorable terms, increased promotional programs, or specifically tailored product offerings. In addition, larger retailers have scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market their own private label products. Retail consolidation and increasing retailer power could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, technology-based systems, which give consumers the ability to shop through e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, are also significantly altering the retail landscape in many of our markets. If we are unable to adjust to developments in these changing landscapes, we may be disadvantaged in key channels and with certain consumers, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Changes in our relationships with significant customers or suppliers, or in other business relationships, could adversely impact us. We derive significant portions of our sales from certain significant customers (see Sales and Customers within Item 1, Business ). Some or all of our significant customers may not continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as in the past, particularly as increasingly powerful retailers may demand lower pricing and focus on developing their own brands. The loss of a significant customer or a material reduction in sales or a change in the mix of products we sell to a significant customer could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Disputes with significant suppliers, including disputes related to pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply products to our customers and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, terminations of relationships with other significant contractual counterparties, including licensors, could adversely affect our portfolio, product sales, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, the financial condition of such customers, suppliers, and other significant contractual counterparties are affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our control. Significant deterioration in the financial conditions of significant customers or suppliers, or in other business relationships, could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Maintaining, extending, and expanding our reputation and brand image are essential to our business success. We have many iconic brands with long-standing consumer recognition across the globe. Our success depends on our ability to maintain brand image for our existing products, extend our brands to new platforms, and expand our brand image with new 9 product offerings. We seek to maintain, extend, and expand our brand image through marketing investments, including advertising and consumer promotions, and product innovation. Negative perceptions of food and beverage marketing could adversely affect our brand image or lead to stricter regulations and scrutiny of our marketing practices. In 2025, we announced our commitment to remove Food, Drug & Cosmetic (“FD&C”) colors from our U.S. portfolio by the end of 2027. If we fail to achieve, or are perceived to have failed or been delayed in achieving, or improperly report on our progress toward achieving this goal, it could negatively affect our reputation or brand image. Moreover, adverse publicity about legal or regulatory action against us, our quality and safety, our environmental or social impacts, human capital and governance practices or positions, our products becoming unavailable to consumers, or our suppliers (including as a result of human rights issues) and, in some cases, our competitors, could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers’ or consumers’ confidence, and reduce demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our operations. Furthermore, existing or increased legal or regulatory restrictions on our advertising, consumer promotions, and marketing, or our response to those restrictions, could limit our efforts to maintain, extend, and expand our brands. In addition, our success in maintaining, extending, and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment. We increasingly rely on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. The growing use of social and digital media increases the speed and extent that information, including misinformation, and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us, our brands or our products, or our suppliers and, in some cases, our competitors, on social or digital media, whether or not valid, could seriously damage our brands and reputation. In addition, we might fail to appropriately target our marketing efforts, anticipate consumer preferences, or invest sufficiently in maintaining and expanding our brand image. Placement of our advertisements in social and digital media may also result in damage to our brands if the media itself experiences negative publicity. If we do not maintain and expand our reputation or brand image, then our product sales, financial condition, and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. We must leverage our brand value to compete against private label products. In nearly all of our product categories, we compete with branded products as well as private label products, which are typically sold at lower prices. Our products must provide higher value or quality to consumers than alternatives, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. Consumers may not buy our products if relative differences in value or quality between our products and private label products change in favor of competitors’ products or if consumers perceive such a change. If consumers prefer private label products, then we could lose market share or sales volume, or our product mix could shift to lower margin offerings. A change in consumer preferences could also cause us to increase capital, marketing, and other expenditures, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. We may be unable to drive revenue growth in our key product categories or platforms, increase our market share, or add products that are in faster-growing and more profitable categories. Our future results will depend on our ability to drive revenue growth in our key product categories or platforms as well as growth in the food and beverage industry in the geographies in which we operate. Our future results will also depend on our ability to enhance our portfolio by adding innovative new products in faster-growing and more profitable categories or platforms and our ability to increase market share in our existing product categories or platforms. Our failure to drive revenue growth, limit market share decreases in our key product categories or platforms, or develop innovative products for new and existing categories or platforms could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Product recalls or other product liability claims could materially and adversely affect us. Selling products for human consumption involves inherent legal and other risks, including product contamination, spoilage, product tampering, allergens, or other adulteration. We have decided and could in the future decide to, and have been or could in the future be required to, recall products due to suspected or confirmed product contamination, adulteration, product mislabeling or misbranding, tampering, undeclared allergens, or other deficiencies. Product recalls or market withdrawals could result in significant losses due to their costs, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of the product for a period of time. We could also be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of our food products or ingredients, or the food safety system generally. Adverse attention about these types of concerns, whether or not valid, may damage our reputation, discourage consumers from buying our products, or cause production and delivery disruptions that could negatively impact our net sales and financial condition. We may also suffer losses if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations or if our products cause injury, illness, or death. In addition, our marketing could face claims of false or deceptive advertising or other criticism. A significant 10 product liability or other legal judgment or a related regulatory enforcement action against us, or a significant product recall, may materially and adversely affect our reputation and profitability. Moreover, even if a product liability or fraud claim is unsuccessful, has no merit, or is not pursued to conclusion, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against our products or processes could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Changes in environmental conditions and responsive legislation or regulation may have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations. The gradual increase in global average temperatures is projected to contribute to significant changes in weather patterns in the regions where we and our suppliers operate, including an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters, and changes in agricultural productivity. Increased natural disasters and decreased agricultural productivity in such regions may limit the availability or increase the cost of the natural resources and commodities used in the production of our products. Changing or severe weather and environmental conditions could also affect our ability, and our suppliers’ ability, to procure necessary commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience and may require us to increase costs or make additional unplanned capital expenditures. Further, an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters could result in disruptions for us, our customers, suppliers, vendors, co-manufacturers, and distributors and impact our employees’ abilities to commute or work from home effectively. These disruptions could make it more difficult and costly for us to deliver our products, obtain raw materials or other supplies through our supply chain, maintain or resume operations, or perform other critical corporate functions, could reduce customer demand for our products, and could increase the cost of insurance. Additionally, there is a heightened focus by foreign, federal, state, and local regulatory and legislative bodies regarding environmental policies relating to a changing environment, including as a result of climate change, such as regulating greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon pricing or a carbon tax), energy policies, and disclosure obligations. Increased energy or compliance costs and expenses due to, and additional legal or regulatory requirements regarding, changing environmental conditions and climate change could be costly and may cause disruptions in, or an increase in the costs associated with, the running of our manufacturing and processing facilities and our business, as well as increase distribution and supply chain costs. Moreover, compliance with any such legal or regulatory requirements may require us to make significant changes to our business operations and long-term operating plans, which will likely incur substantial time, attention, and costs. Even if we make changes to align ourselves with such legal or regulatory requirements, we may still be subject to significant penalties if such laws and regulations are interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices. The effects of a changing environment and responsive legal or regulatory initiatives could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Finally, we might face increasing scrutiny from the media, stockholders, activists, customers, enforcement authorities and other stakeholders who have conflicting views on climate change and other sustainability-related matters. Our published activities, progress, objectives, and priorities on these topics may not satisfy all of our stakeholders and could result in adverse publicity or legal liability and negatively affect consumer preferences for our products, investor confidence in our stock, and our business and reputation. Additionally, we may become the target of litigation, investigations, or other proceedings initiated by government authorities or private actors alleging that our activities or positions related to sustainability-related matters are anti-competitive, discriminatory or otherwise unlawful. From time to time we establish and publicly announce sustainability-related goals, commitments, and aspirations, including to reduce our impact on the environment. Our ability to achieve any stated goal or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such factors include evolving regulatory requirements affecting sustainability standards or disclosures or imposing different requirements, the pace of changes in technology, the availability of requisite financing, and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards. Furthermore, standards for tracking and reporting, as well as our processes and controls for reporting sustainability and other matters across our organization continue to evolve. Sustainability-related disclosures that may be required by the European Union and other foreign, federal, state, and local regulatory and legislative bodies (including, but not limited to, the European Union’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive and Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive and the state of California’s climate disclosure requirements), may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. Business Risks The Separation is subject to various risks and uncertainties, involves significant time, expense, and resources and may be further delayed or we may decide to cease work related to the Separation entirely. On September 2, 2025, we announced our intention to separate our company into two independent publicly traded companies through a tax-free spin-off. On February 11, 2026, we announced that the Board has decided to pause work related to the Separation. If work related to the Separation is resumed, the Separation would be subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including final approval by the Board, receipt of favorable tax opinions of our U.S. tax advisors with respect to the tax-free nature of the Separation, and the effectiveness of appropriate filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 11 Commission. The failure to satisfy any of the required conditions could further delay the completion of the Separation or prevent it from occurring at all. The Separation is complex in nature, and unanticipated developments or changes, including changes in the law, macroeconomic environment, regulatory and political conditions and competitive conditions of our markets, the need both to receive regulatory approvals or clearances and to satisfy the requirements to effectuate a generally tax-free transaction, the uncertainty of the financial markets and challenges in executing the Separation, could further delay or prevent the completion of the Separation or cause the Separation to occur on terms or conditions that are different or less favorable than expected. Any changes to the Separation or further delay in completing the Separation could cause us not to realize some or all of the expected benefits, or realize them on a different timeline than currently expected. Further, our Board could decide, either because of a failure of conditions or because of market or other factors, to further delay or abandon the Separation. No assurance can be given as to whether and when the Separation will occur. Whether or not we complete the Separation, our ongoing business may be adversely affected and we may be subject to certain risks and consequences if we pursue the Separation, including the following: • The process of completing the Separation will be time-consuming and involve significant additional costs and expenses, which may not yield a discernible benefit if the Separation is not completed, and pausing efforts on the Separation could lead to higher execution costs and expenses, if we resume efforts to pursue the Separation, than we would have otherwise incurred without such pause. • Executing the Separation will require significant time and attention from our senior management and employees, which may divert management’s attention from operating and growing our business and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. • We may also experience increased difficulties in attracting, retaining, and motivating employees during the pendency of the Separation and following completion of the Separation, which could harm our businesses. • The assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process, including with respect to the Separation may prove to be faulty and/or inaccurate. • Some of our customers or suppliers may delay or defer decisions or may end their relationships with us. • We may experience negative reactions from the financial markets if we fail to complete the Separation or fail to complete it on a timely basis. • The announcement of the Separation, and any changes regarding the timing of the Separation, may create greater volatility in the trading price of our shares and potentially cause market prices to decline. Any of the above factors could cause the Separation (or the failure to execute the Separation) to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The Separation if completed, may not achieve the anticipated benefits and will expose us to new risks. We may not realize the anticipated strategic, financial, operational, or other benefits from the Separation if completed. We cannot predict with certainty when the benefits expected from the Separation will occur or the extent to which they will be achieved. If the Separation is completed, our operational and financial profile will change and we will face new risks. As independent, publicly traded companies, the newly created companies will each be smaller, less-diversified companies and may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions. There is no assurance that following the Separation each separated company will be successful. The announcement and/or completion of the Separation, as well as any delays relating to the completion of the Separation, may cause uncertainty for or disruptions with our customers, partners, suppliers, and employees, which may negatively impact these relationships or our operations. In addition, we will incur one-time costs and ongoing costs in connection with, or as a result of, the Separation, including costs of operating as independent, publicly-traded companies that the two businesses will no longer be able to share. Those costs may exceed our estimates or could negate some of the benefits we expect to realize. Further, our future effective tax rate, which is impacted by a number of factors including changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in geographic mix of income, changes in expenses not deductible for tax, and changes in available tax credits, may be negatively impacted for each separated company due to deviations in these factors from our current estimates, such as changes to our current assessments of the realization of existing deferred tax assets. If we do not realize the intended benefits or if our costs exceed our estimates, the separated businesses could suffer a material adverse effect on their respective business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The Separation if completed, may adversely impact our ability to access the capital markets and our cost of capital. The Separation may have the effect of, among other things: • Requiring us to dedicate significant cash flow to our debt, including, without limitation, the payment of principal and interest, payment of costs associated with the refinancing, repayment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, discharge or exchange of the Company’s outstanding debt, and payment of costs associated with the Separation, which will 12 reduce funds we have available for other purposes. • Expo

=== KHC_2026-05-06.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 27, 2025. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. Our share repurchase activity in the three months ended March 28, 2026 was: Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (b) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) 12/28/2025 — 1/31/2026 3,965 $ 24.23 — $ 1,502 2/1/2026 — 2/28/2026 487,168 24.50 — 1,502 3/1/2026 — 3/28/2026 430,387 24.60 — 1,502 Total 921,520 — (a) Includes shares withheld for tax liabilities associated with the vesting of RSUs and PSUs. (b) On November 27, 2023, the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to purchase up to $3.0 billion of the Company’s common stock through December 26, 2026. The Company is not obligated to repurchase any specific number of shares and the program may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time. Under the program, shares may be repurchased in open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, privately negotiated transactions, transactions structured through investment banking institutions, or other means. Item 5. Other Information. (c) Insider Stock Trading Arrangements : None . 44 Item 6. Exhibits. Exhibit No. Descriptions 22.1 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries.* 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a)/15d 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.* 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a)/15d 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.* 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.** 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.** 101.1 The following materials from The Kraft Heinz Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 28, 2026 formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, and (vii) document and entity information.* 104.1 The cover page from The Kraft Heinz Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 28, 2026, formatted in iXBRL.* + Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. * Filed herewith. ** Furnished herewith. 45 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. The Kraft Heinz Company Date: May 6, 2026 By: /s/ Andre Maciel Andre Maciel Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer) The Kraft Heinz Company Date: May 6, 2026 By: /s/ Chris Asher Chris Asher Vice President and Global Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 46 