=== KHC_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors . We disclaim and do not undertake any obligation to update, revise, or withdraw any forward-looking statement in this report, except as required by applicable law or regulation. PART I Item 1. Business. General We are driving transformation at The Kraft Heinz Company (Nasdaq: KHC), inspired by our Purpose, Let s Make Life Delicious . Consumers are at the center of everything we do. With 2025 net sales of approximately $25 billion, we are committed to growing our iconic and emerging food and beverage brands on a global scale. We leverage our scale and agility to unleash the full power of Kraft Heinz across a portfolio of eight consumer-driven product platforms. As global citizens, we re dedicated to making a sustainable, ethical impact while helping to feed the world in healthy, responsible ways. On July 2, 2015, through a series of transactions, we consummated the merger of Kraft Foods Group, Inc. ( Kraft ) with and into a wholly-owned subsidiary of H.J. Heinz Holding Corporation ( Heinz ) (the 2015 Merger ). At the closing of the 2015 Merger, Heinz was renamed The Kraft Heinz Company, and H. J. Heinz Company changed its name to Kraft Heinz Foods Company ( KHFC ). On September 2, 2025, we announced our intention to separate our company into two independent publicly traded companies through a tax-free spin-off (the Separation ). On February 11, 2026, we announced that the Kraft Heinz Board of Directors (the Board ) has decided to pause work related to the Separation. If work related to the Separation is resumed, the Separation would be subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including final approval by the Board, receipt of favorable tax opinions of our U.S. tax advisors with respect to the tax-free nature of the Separation, and the effectiveness of appropriate filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We operate on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December in each calendar year. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to years and quarters contained herein pertain to our fiscal years and fiscal quarters. Our 2025 fiscal year was a 52-week period that ended on December 27, 2025, our 2024 fiscal year was a 52-week period that ended on December 28, 2024, and our 2023 fiscal year was a 52-week period that ended on December 30, 2023. Reportable Segments: We manage our operating results through four operating segments: North America, Europe and Pacific Developed Markets ( EPDM or International Developed Markets ), West and East Emerging Markets ( WEEM ), and Asia Emerging Markets ( AEM ). We have two reportable segments defined by geographic region: North America and International Developed Markets. Our remaining operating segments, consisting of WEEM and AEM, are combined and disclosed as Emerging Markets. See Note 21, Segment Reporting , in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , for our geographic financial information by segment. Resources Trademarks and Intellectual Property: Our trademarks are material to our business and are among our most valuable assets. Depending on the country, trademarks generally remain valid for as long as they are in use or their registration status is maintained. Significant trademarks by segment based on net sales in 2025 were: Majority Owned and Licensed Trademarks North America Kraft, Oscar Mayer, Heinz, Philadelphia, Lunchables, Velveeta, Ore-Ida, Capri Sun*, Maxwell House, Kool-Aid, Jell-O International Developed Markets Heinz, Golden Circle, Plasmon (a) , Wattie s Emerging Markets (b) Heinz, Master, ABC, Quero, Kraft, Pudliszki (a) On December 31, 2025, in the first quarter of our fiscal year 2026, we divested our infant and specialty food business in Italy, which included our intellectual property rights to the Plasmon brand. See Note 5, Acquisitions and Divestitures , for additional information. (b) Emerging Markets represents the aggregation of our WEEM and AEM operating segments. *Used under license. We sell certain products under brands we license from third parties. In 2025, brands used under licenses from third parties included Capri Sun packaged drink pouches for sale in our North America segment. We also grant certain licenses to third parties to use our intellectual property rights in select jurisdictions. In our agreements with an affiliate of Groupe Lactalis ( Lactalis ), we granted the other party various licenses to use certain of our and their respective intellectual property rights in perpetuity, including perpetual licenses for the Kraft and Velveeta brands for certain cheese products. 1 We also own numerous patents worldwide. We consider our portfolio of patents, patent applications, patent licenses under patents owned by third parties, proprietary trade secrets, technology, know-how processes, and related intellectual property rights to be material to our operations. Patents, issued or applied for, cover inventions ranging from packaging techniques to processes relating to specific products and to the products themselves. While our patent portfolio is material to our business, the loss of one patent or a group of related patents would not have a material adverse effect on our business. Our issued patents extend for varying periods according to the date of the patent application filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. The actual protection afforded by a patent, which can vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage as determined by the patent office or courts in the country, and the availability of legal remedies in the country. Raw Materials and Packaging: We manufacture (and contract for the manufacture of) our products from a wide variety of raw materials. We purchase and use large quantities of commodities, including dairy products, meat products, sugar and other sweeteners, coffee, tomato products, soybean and vegetable oils, eggs, other fruits and vegetables, and wheat and processed grains to manufacture our products. In addition, we purchase and use significant quantities of plastics, resin, cardboard, glass, paper and metal to package our products, and we use electricity, diesel fuel, and natural gas in the manufacturing and distribution of our products. For commodities that we use across many of our product categories we coordinate sourcing requirements and centralize procurement to leverage our scale. In addition, some of our product lines and brands separately source raw materials that are specific to their operations. We source these commodities from a variety of providers, ranging from large, international producers to smaller, local, independent sellers. Where appropriate, we seek to establish preferred purchaser status and have developed strategic partnerships with many of our suppliers with the objective of achieving favorable pricing and dependable supply for many of our commodities. The prices of raw materials that we use in our products are affected by external factors, such as global competition for resources, currency fluctuations, severe weather, including the impacts of global climate change, pandemics, geopolitical conflicts, consumer, industrial, or investment demand, and changes in governmental regulation and trade, tariffs, alternative energy, and agricultural programs. In 2025, we experienced increased inflationary pressures in our supply chain costs compared to the prior year period, due in part to the tariff and trade policy actions taken by the United States and foreign governments during the year. We expect these inflationary trends to moderate through 2026, although there continues to be significant uncertainty. Our procurement teams monitor worldwide supply and cost trends so we can obtain ingredients and packaging needed for production at competitive prices. Although the prices of our principal raw materials can be expected to fluctuate, we believe there will be an adequate supply of the raw materials we use and that they are generally available from numerous sources. We use a range of hedging techniques in an effort to limit the impact of price fluctuations on many of our principal raw materials. However, we do not fully hedge against changes in commodity prices, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in specific raw material costs. We actively monitor changes to commodity costs so that we can seek to mitigate the effect through pricing and other operational measures. Research and Development Our research and development efforts focus on achieving the following four objectives: product innovations, renovations, and new technologies to meet changing consumer needs, drive growth, and support our environmental and sustainability goals; world-class and uncompromising food safety, quality, and consistency; superior, consumer-preferred product and package performance; and continuous process, product, and supply chain optimization and productivity initiatives. Competition Our products are sold in highly competitive marketplaces, including e-commerce retailers, large-format retailers, and discounters. Our competitors include large national and international food and beverage companies and numerous local and regional companies. We compete with both branded and private label products sold by retailers, wholesalers, and cooperatives. We compete on the basis of product innovation, price, product quality, nutritional value, service, taste, convenience, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing and distribution, promotional activity, and the ability to identify and satisfy changing consumer preferences. Improving our market position or introducing new products requires substantial advertising, promotional, and research and development expenditures. 2 Sales Sales and Customers: Our products are sold through our own sales organizations and through independent brokers, agents, and distributors to chain, wholesale, cooperative, and independent grocery accounts; convenience, value, and club stores; pharmacies and drug stores; mass merchants; foodservice distributors; and institutions, including hotels, restaurants, bakeries, hospitals, health care facilities, and government agencies. Our products are also sold online through various e-commerce platforms and retailers. We have key customers in different regions around the world. In 2025, the five largest customers in our North America segment accounted for approximately 46% of North America segment net sales, the five largest customers in our International Developed Markets segment accounted for approximately 27% of International Developed Markets net sales, and the five largest customers in Emerging Markets accounted for approximately 15% of Emerging Markets net sales. Our largest customer, Walmart Inc., represented approximately 21% of our net sales in 2025, 2024, and 2023. Both of our reportable segments have sales to Walmart Inc. As of December 27, 2025, we manage our sales portfolio through eight consumer-driven product platforms. A platform is a lens created for the portfolio based on a grouping of consumer needs and includes the following for Kraft Heinz: Taste Elevation, Easy Ready Meals, Substantial Snacking, Desserts, Hydration, Cheese, Coffee and Meats. Taste Elevation includes condiments, sauces, dressings, and spreads. Easy Ready Meals includes Kraft Mac Cheese varieties, frozen potato products, and other frozen meals. Substantial Snacking includes Lunchables meal kits, frozen snacks, and pickles. Desserts includes dry packaged desserts, refrigerated ready to eat desserts, and other dessert toppings. Hydration includes ready to drink beverages, powdered beverages, and liquid concentrates. Cheese includes American sliced and recipe cheeses. Coffee includes mainstream coffee, coffee pods, and premium coffee. Meats include cold cuts, bacon, and hot dogs. The platforms are modular and configurable by reportable segment and market and help us to manage and organize our business effectively by providing insight into our various product categories and brands. Further, each platform is assigned a role within our business to help inform our resource allocation and investment decisions, which are made at the operating segment level. These roles include Accelerate, Protect, and Balance. The role of a platform may also vary by reportable segment and market. 3 Net Sales by Platform: Net sales by platform as a percentage of consolidated net sales for the periods presented were: December 27, 2025 December 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 ACCELERATE Taste Elevation 45 % 44 % 44 % Easy Ready Meals 17 % 17 % 17 % Substantial Snacking 6 % 6 % 6 % PROTECT Desserts 5 % 4 % 4 % Hydration 8 % 9 % 9 % BALANCE Cheese 7 % 7 % 7 % Coffee 3 % 3 % 3 % Meats 8 % 8 % 8 % Other 1 % 2 % 2 % The net sales by platform for the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 presented in the table above has been corrected to conform to our previously disclosed platform definitions. The update had no impact on net sales or on the consolidated financial statements and we do not believe they are material to the consolidated financial statements. Seasonality Although crops constituting certain of our raw food ingredients are harvested on a seasonal basis, the majority of our products are produced throughout the year. Seasonal factors inherent in our business change the demand for products, including holidays, changes in seasons, or other annual events. While these factors influence our quarterly net sales, operating income/(loss), and cash flows at the product level, unless the timing of such events shift period-over-period (e.g., a shift in Easter timing), this seasonality does not typically have a significant effect on our consolidated results of operations or segment results. Government Regulation The manufacture and sale of consumer food and beverage products is highly regulated. Our business operations, including the production, transportation, storage, distribution, sale, display, advertising, marketing, labeling, quality, nutritional value, and safety of our products and their ingredients, and our occupational safety, health, and privacy practices, are subject to various laws, regulations and executive orders. In the United States, our activities are subject to regulation by various federal government agencies, including the Food and Drug Administration, Department of Agriculture, Federal Trade Commission, Department of Labor, Department of Commerce, and Environmental Protection Agency, as well as various state and local agencies. We are also subject to numerous laws and regulations outside of the United States in markets where our products are manufactured, distributed, or sold, including laws and regulations governing food safety, health and safety, anti-corruption, and data privacy. In our business dealings, we are also required to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ( FCPA ), the U.K. Bribery Act, the U.S. Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act, and various other anti-corruption regulations in the regions in which we operate. We rely on legal and operational compliance programs, as well as in-house and outside counsel, to guide our businesses in complying with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, regulatory regime changes may add cost and complexity to our compliance efforts. Environmental Regulation: Our activities throughout the world are highly regulated and subject to government oversight regarding environmental matters. Various laws concerning the handling, storage, and disposal of hazardous materials and the operation of facilities in environmentally sensitive locations may impact aspects of our operations. In the United States, where a significant portion of our business operates, these laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ( CERCLA ). CERCLA imposes joint and several liability on each potentially responsible party. We are involved in a number of active proceedings in the United States under CERCLA (and other state actions under similar legislation) related to certain closed, inactive, or divested operations for which we retain liability. As of December 27, 2025, we had accrued an amount we deemed appropriate for environmental remediation. Based on information currently available, we believe that the ultimate resolution of existing environmental remediation actions and our 4 general compliance with environmental laws and regulations will not have a material effect on our earnings or financial condition. However, it is difficult to predict with certainty the potential impact of future compliance efforts and environmental remedial actions and, thus, future costs associated with such matters may exceed current reserves. Human Capital Management We are driven by our Values We are consumer obsessed, We dare to do better every day, We champion great people, We demand diversity, We do the right thing, and We own it, and they are the foundation upon which our culture is built. They represent the expectations we have for ourselves and the environment we aspire to create for our Company. Our people are at the heart of who we are at Kraft Heinz. We drive growth through high accountability, development and career opportunities, empowerment, and autonomy. We recognize and reward outstanding and differentiated performance at every level, creating a true spirit of ownership, ambition, and meritocracy. We strive to channel our employees passion, curiosity, and attitude to make an impact on our future and our legacy by leading as learners, acting as owners, and being change agents. Our Board of Directors ( Board ), through the Human Capital and Compensation Committee, oversees our human resources strategy and key policies. Engagement and Culture: We are committed to attracting, developing, and retaining world-class talent and creating an engaging and inclusive culture that embodies our Values. As of December 27, 2025, Kraft Heinz had approximately 35,000 employees globally based in 40 countries, of whom approximately 16,000 were employed in the United States. Approximately sixty-two percent of our employees globally are dedicated to the production of our products. We are party to numerous collective bargaining agreements and believe that relations with our employees are generally good. Driven by our Value We champion great people , we support our employees health, safety, and professional development and reward outstanding and differentiated performance at every level. Our rewards strategies (compensation, benefits, recognition, and wellbeing) aim to empower our employees to help themselves to LiveWell. LiveWell represents our total rewards offerings that are designed to attract and engage highly skilled and performance-oriented talent, meet individual and family needs, and inspire, celebrate, and engage our people and teams through enhanced interactions in moments that matter in an environment where employees feel productive, trusted, and empowered. Guided by our Values, we conduct a global engagement survey annually to provide employees with an opportunity to share anonymous feedback with management across a variety of topic areas. The results and comments are reviewed by the Board, senior leadership, managers, and human resources to help determine where actions are needed to support our people and teams. Our November 2025 survey showed that employee engagement remains high and above market relative to our benchmarks. The engagement score for our manufacturing survey achieved our highest score to date. Trailing 12-month retention remains healthy and in line with our targeted range. We grow our people to grow our business. Our Employee Value Proposition is built on four core pillars: We develop people for greatness, unlocking their full potential through continuous learning and growth opportunities. We nurture an ownership-centric culture, encouraging people to act with autonomy and treat our business as their own. We drive impact by challenging the status quo, celebrating differences, and sparking innovation in pursuit of leading the future of food. We foster accountability through a streamlined corporate structure, disciplined cost management, the use of agile pods, and strategic AI adoption. Over the past decade, we have been on a journey to create a workplace that resembles the consumers that we serve and provide delicious innovations that better serve our people, business, and communities. We believe our culture sets us apart and underpins our efforts to strengthen the employee value proposition, which we view as important to future success. It fosters a Community of Owners, promotes a sense of belonging, and inspires us to lead the future of food. Wellbeing and Safety: Our employees health, safety, and wellbeing are a top priority. We establish and administer company-wide policies and processes to protect the health, safety, and security of our employees, subcontractors, and all those who visit our facilities, and to comply with applicable regulations. We review and monitor our performance closely to drive improvement. To help us evaluate how effective our safety efforts are in lowering incidents rates, we use a Total Recordable Incident Rate ( TRIR ). TRIR is a medical incident rate based on the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) record-keeping criteria (injuries per 200,000 hours). Our TRIR globally was 0.40 in 2025 and 0.39 in 2024. Our global LiveWell program focuses on four wellbeing elements physical, emotional, financial, and social health and provides specific programs and resources to support our employees and their families within each of these areas. 5 Learning and Development: Through Ownerversity, our Kraft Heinz learning ecosystem, we provide learning opportunities for each of our employees, designed to inspire and grow talent within Kraft Heinz while developing employees skills and competencies to help them navigate their career journey. Our learning and development offerings are created to enable employees to live our Value We dare to do better every day and own their personal learning and development. We believe this empowers employees to execute with excellence in their current role, accelerate their learning curves, and grow a great career. Through Ownerversity, employees have access to custom Kraft Heinz training, learning and development materials, and external content libraries and articles. In 2025 we launched KHAI, our first internal AI assistant at Kraft Heinz, to streamline everyday tasks, answer questions about employee programs, and support skill development, and Nadia, an AI-powered leadership coach designed to support growth and development. Rewards and Compensation: Our Total Rewards philosophy is to provide a meaningful and flexible spectrum of programs that support our workforce and their families, and complement Kraft Heinz strategy and values. Total Rewards includes compensation elements of base pay and variable pay, healthcare, savings and insurance plans, wellbeing plans, employee recognition programs, and other voluntary elected benefits. We believe in recognizing and rewarding our people on their achievements and impact as they grow their careers with us. The plans are designed to be market competitive and data-driven to promote our high-performance and results-oriented growth culture and realize our Purpose to Make Life Delicious for employees and their families. Ethics and Transparency: The Kraft Heinz Ethics Helpline is available to our partners, suppliers, customers, and consumers to ask questions or report potential violations of various policies and ethical guidelines, including our Code of Conduct, Supplier Guiding Principles, and Global Human Rights Policy. 6 Information about our Executive Officers The following are our executive officers as of February 7, 2026: Name and Title Age Business Experience in the Past Five Years Steve Cahillane, Chief Executive Officer and Director 60 Chief Executive Officer (since January 2026). President and Chief Executive Officer (October 2023 to December 2025) at Kellanova, a global snacking, international cereal and noodles, and North American frozen foods company. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (October 2017 to October 2023) at Kellogg Company, a multinational food manufacturing company. Andre Maciel, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer 51 Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer (since March 2022); Senior Vice President, U.S. Chief Financial Officer, and Head of Digital Transformation (September 2019 to March 2022); Managing Director, Continental Europe (January to August 2019); Chief Financial Officer, U.S. (2017 to January 2019); and Head of U.S. Commercial Finance (2015 to 2017). Janelle Aydin Global Chief Procurement and Sustainability Officer 45 Global Chief Procurement and Sustainability Officer (since August 2025); Chief Procurement and Sustainability Officer, North America Zone (January 2024 to July 2025); and Chief Procurement Officer, North America Zone (January to December 2023). Global Chief Procurement Officer (May 2019 to January 2023) at Diageo plc, a multinational alcoholic beverage company. Rodolfo Camacho Global Chief People Officer 37 Global Chief People Officer (since August 2025); Global Chief Talent and Rewards Officer (January 2024 to July 2025); and Chief People Officer, International Zone (January 2020 to December 2023). Diana Frost, Global Chief Growth Officer 43 Global Chief Growth Officer (since December 2023); Chief Growth Officer, North America (August to December 2023); Head of North America Disruption and Canada Chief Marketing Officer (January to August 2022); and Chief Growth Officer, Canada (September 2020 to December 2021). Head of Portfolio Transformation, Mars Wrigley (January 2019 to September 2020) at Mars, Incorporated, a multinational confections company. Pedro Navio, Executive Vice President and President, North America 45 Executive Vice President and President, North America (since December 2023); President Taste, Meals, and Away From Home (March 2022 to December 2023); President, Latin America (November 2019 to February 2022); and President, Brazil (2017 to November 2019). Cory Onell, Executive Vice President and Chief Omnichannel Sales and Asian Emerging Markets Officer 52 Executive Vice President and Chief Omnichannel Sales and Asian Emerging Markets Officer (since December 2023) and Chief Sales Officer, U.S. (August 2020 to December 2023). Senior Vice President and Head of U.S. Retail Sales (April to July 2020) at The J. M. Smucker Company, a food and beverage company. Senior Vice President, Sales (2017 to April 2020) at Campbell. Fl vio Barros Torres, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Supply Chain Officer 56 Executive Vice President and Global Chief Supply Chain Officer (since December 2021); and Head of Global Operations (January 2020 to December 2021). Global Operations Vice President (2017 to 2019) at Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV, a multinational drink and brewing holdings company. Angel Willis Executive Vice President, Global General Counsel and Corporate Affairs Officer 55 Executive Vice President, Global General Counsel and Corporate Affairs Officer (since November 2024); and Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (January 2019 to November 2024) at Sealed Air Corporation, a global provider of packaging solutions. Available Information Our website address is www.kraftheinzcompany.com . We use our investor relations website, ir.kraftheinzcompany.com, as a routine channel for distribution of important, and often material, information about Kraft Heinz, including quarterly and annual earnings results and presentations, press releases and other announcements, webcasts, analyst presentations, investor days, sustainability initiatives, financial information, and corporate governance practices, as well as archives of past presentations and events. We encourage you to follow our investor relations website in addition to our filings with the SEC to receive timely information about the Company. The information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this report or any other filings we make with the SEC. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ), are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including Kraft Heinz, that are electronically filed with the SEC. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties. In addition to the risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report on 7 Form 10-K, any of the risks and uncertainties described below could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and should be considered when evaluating Kraft Heinz. Although the risks are organized and described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. Some of the factors, events, and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, and the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past, but are provided because future occurrences of such factors, events, or contingencies could have a material adverse effect. While we believe we have identified and discussed the material risks affecting our business below, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be material that may adversely affect our business, performance, or financial condition in the future. Industry Risks We operate in a highly competitive industry. The food and beverage industry is highly competitive across all of our product offerings. Our principal competitors in these categories are manufacturers and retailers with their own branded and private label products. We compete based on product innovation, price, product quality, nutritional value, service, taste, convenience, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing and distribution, promotional activity, and the ability to identify and satisfy changing consumer preferences. We may need to reduce our prices, or be restricted or delayed in our ability to increase prices, in response to competitive, customer, consumer, regulatory, or macroeconomic pressures, including pressures related to private label products that are generally sold at lower prices. These pressures have restricted, and may in the future continue to restrict, our ability to increase prices and maintain those price increases in response to commodity and other cost increases, including those related to inflationary pressures. Furthermore, our competitors may attempt to gain market share by offering products at prices at or below those typically offered by our company, which may require us to increase spending on advertising and promotions and/or reduce prices. Failure to effectively assess, timely change, and properly set pricing, promotions, or trade incentives may negatively impact our ability to achieve our objectives. In addition, in order to remain competitive, we rely on our ability to secure new retailers and maintain or add shelf space for our products. If we are unable to secure sufficient and attractive shelf space, adequate product visibility, and attractive pricing for our products with retailers, our products may be disadvantaged against our competitors. Even if we obtain preferred product visibility and shelf space, our new and existing products may fail to achieve the sales expectations set by retailers, which may cause these retailers to remove our products from their shelves. Our products are sold in highly competitive marketplaces, including e-commerce retailers, large-format retailers, and discounters. Competition amongst retailers may create consumer price deflation, affecting our retail customer relationships and presenting additional challenges to increasing prices in response to commodity or other cost increases. We may also need to increase or reallocate spending on marketing, retail trade incentives, advertising, and new product, platform, or channel innovation to maintain or increase market share. These expenditures are subject to risks, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance of our efforts. If we are unable to compete effectively, our profitability, financial condition, and operating results may decline. Our success depends on our ability to correctly predict, identify, and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand, to offer new products to meet those changes, and to respond to competitive innovation. Consumer preferences for food and beverage products change continually and rapidly. Our success depends on our ability to predict, identify, and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of consumers. We must continue to offer products that appeal to consumers, including with respect to their health and wellness preferences and changing consumption patterns, such as those potentially associated with weight-loss drugs. If we do not offer products that appeal to consumers, our sales and market share will decrease, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, and operating results. Further, changing consumer preferences relating to the healthiness or desirability of ingredients, components, or substances present or allegedly present in our products or packaging could negatively impact our product sales, financial condition, and operating results if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to satisfy consumer preferences. Moreover, weak economic conditions, recessions, inflation, severe or unusual weather events, pandemics, geopolitical conflicts, public boycotts, as well as other factors, could affect consumer preferences and demand, at times, causing a strain on our supply chain due, in part, to retailers, distributors, or carriers modifying their restocking, fulfillment, or shipping practices. Failure to adequately respond to these changes could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. We must distinguish between short-term trends and long-term changes in consumer preferences. If we do not accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences will be long-term, or if we fail to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences, our sales could decline. In addition, because of our varied consumer base, we must offer an array of products that satisfies a broad spectrum of consumer preferences. If we fail to expand our product offerings successfully across product 8 categories or platforms, or if we do not rapidly develop products in faster-growing or more profitable categories, demand for our products could decrease, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health, environmental, or social implications of certain food and beverage products, ingredients, additives, preservatives or packaging materials could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of our products and marketing programs. Our ability to refine the ingredient and nutrition profiles of and packaging for our products as well as to maintain focus on ethical sourcing and supply chain management opportunities to address evolving consumer preferences are important to our growth. We strive to respond to consumer preferences and social expectations, but we may not be successful in our efforts. Continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer preferences could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, our growth depends on our successful development, introduction, and marketing of innovative new products and line extensions. There are inherent risks associated with new product or packaging introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance or potential impacts on our existing product offerings. We may be required to increase expenditures for new product development. Successful innovation depends on our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance, to obtain, protect, and maintain necessary intellectual property rights, and to avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. We must also be able to respond successfully to technological advances by our competitors (including artificial intelligence, machine learning, and augmented reality, which may become critical in interpreting consumer preferences in the future), and failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and impact our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Changes in the retail landscape or the loss of key retail customers could adversely affect our financial performance. The retail landscape has experienced, and may continue to experience, the consolidation of ownership of retailers and the presence of buying groups resulting in increased purchasing power. Retail customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs, and food distributors in our major markets, may continue to consolidate, resulting in fewer but larger customers for our business across various channels. These larger customers may seek to leverage their positions to improve their profitability by demanding improved efficiency, lower pricing, more favorable terms, increased promotional programs, or specifically tailored product offerings. In addition, larger retailers have scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market their own private label products. Retail consolidation and increasing retailer power could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, technology-based systems, which give consumers the ability to shop through e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, are also significantly altering the retail landscape in many of our markets. If we are unable to adjust to developments in these changing landscapes, we may be disadvantaged in key channels and with certain consumers, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Changes in our relationships with significant customers or suppliers, or in other business relationships, could adversely impact us. We derive significant portions of our sales from certain significant customers (see Sales and Customers within Item 1, Business ). Some or all of our significant customers may not continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as in the past, particularly as increasingly powerful retailers may demand lower pricing and focus on developing their own brands. The loss of a significant customer or a material reduction in sales or a change in the mix of products we sell to a significant customer could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Disputes with significant suppliers, including disputes related to pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply products to our customers and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, terminations of relationships with other significant contractual counterparties, including licensors, could adversely affect our portfolio, product sales, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, the financial condition of such customers, suppliers, and other significant contractual counterparties are affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our control. Significant deterioration in the financial conditions of significant customers or suppliers, or in other business relationships, could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Maintaining, extending, and expanding our reputation and brand image are essential to our business success. We have many iconic brands with long-standing consumer recognition across the globe. Our success depends on our ability to maintain brand image for our existing products, extend our brands to new platforms, and expand our brand image with new 9 product offerings. We seek to maintain, extend, and expand our brand image through marketing investments, including advertising and consumer promotions, and product innovation. Negative perceptions of food and beverage marketing could adversely affect our brand image or lead to stricter regulations and scrutiny of our marketing practices. In 2025, we announced our commitment to remove Food, Drug Cosmetic ( FD C ) colors from our U.S. portfolio by the end of 2027. If we fail to achieve, or are perceived to have failed or been delayed in achieving, or improperly report on our progress toward achieving this goal, it could negatively affect our reputation or brand image. Moreover, adverse publicity about legal or regulatory action against us, our quality and safety, our environmental or social impacts, human capital and governance practices or positions, our products becoming unavailable to consumers, or our suppliers (including as a result of human rights issues) and, in some cases, our competitors, could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers or consumers confidence, and reduce demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our operations. Furthermore, existing or increased legal or regulatory restrictions on our advertising, consumer promotions, and marketing, or our response to those restrictions, could limit our efforts to maintain, extend, and expand our brands. In addition, our success in maintaining, extending, and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment. We increasingly rely on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. The growing use of social and digital media increases the speed and extent that information, including misinformation, and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us, our brands or our products, or our suppliers and, in some cases, our competitors, on social or digital media, whether or not valid, could seriously damage our brands and reputation. In addition, we might fail to appropriately target our marketing efforts, anticipate consumer preferences, or invest sufficiently in maintaining and expanding our brand image. Placement of our advertisements in social and digital media may also result in damage to our brands if the media itself experiences negative publicity. If we do not maintain and expand our reputation or brand image, then our product sales, financial condition, and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. We must leverage our brand value to compete against private label products. In nearly all of our product categories, we compete with branded products as well as private label products, which are typically sold at lower prices. Our products must provide higher value or quality to consumers than alternatives, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. Consumers may not buy our products if relative differences in value or quality between our products and private label products change in favor of competitors products or if consumers perceive such a change. If consumers prefer private label products, then we could lose market share or sales volume, or our product mix could shift to lower margin offerings. A change in consumer preferences could also cause us to increase capital, marketing, and other expenditures, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. We may be unable to drive revenue growth in our key product categories or platforms, increase our market share, or add products that are in faster-growing and more profitable categories. Our future results will depend on our ability to drive revenue growth in our key product categories or platforms as well as growth in the food and beverage industry in the geographies in which we operate. Our future results will also depend on our ability to enhance our portfolio by adding innovative new products in faster-growing and more profitable categories or platforms and our ability to increase market share in our existing product categories or platforms. Our failure to drive revenue growth, limit market share decreases in our key product categories or platforms, or develop innovative products for new and existing categories or platforms could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Product recalls or other product liability claims could materially and adversely affect us. Selling products for human consumption involves inherent legal and other risks, including product contamination, spoilage, product tampering, allergens, or other adulteration. We have decided and could in the future decide to, and have been or could in the future be required to, recall products due to suspected or confirmed product contamination, adulteration, product mislabeling or misbranding, tampering, undeclared allergens, or other deficiencies. Product recalls or market withdrawals could result in significant losses due to their costs, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of the product for a period of time. We could also be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of our food products or ingredients, or the food safety system generally. Adverse attention about these types of concerns, whether or not valid, may damage our reputation, discourage consumers from buying our products, or cause production and delivery disruptions that could negatively impact our net sales and financial condition. We may also suffer losses if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations or if our products cause injury, illness, or death. In addition, our marketing could face claims of false or deceptive advertising or other criticism. A significant 10 product liability or other legal judgment or a related regulatory enforcement action against us, or a significant product recall, may materially and adversely affect our reputation and profitability. Moreover, even if a product liability or fraud claim is unsuccessful, has no merit, or is not pursued to conclusion, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against our products or processes could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Changes in environmental conditions and responsive legislation or regulation may have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations. The gradual increase in global average temperatures is projected to contribute to significant changes in weather patterns in the regions where we and our suppliers operate, including an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters, and changes in agricultural productivity. Increased natural disasters and decreased agricultural productivity in such regions may limit the availability or increase the cost of the natural resources and commodities used in the production of our products. Changing or severe weather and environmental conditions could also affect our ability, and our suppliers ability, to procure necessary commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience and may require us to increase costs or make additional unplanned capital expenditures. Further, an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters could result in disruptions for us, our customers, suppliers, vendors, co-manufacturers, and distributors and impact our employees abilities to commute or work from home effectively. These disruptions could make it more difficult and costly for us to deliver our products, obtain raw materials or other supplies through our supply chain, maintain or resume operations, or perform other critical corporate functions, could reduce customer demand for our products, and could increase the cost of insurance. Additionally, there is a heightened focus by foreign, federal, state, and local regulatory and legislative bodies regarding environmental policies relating to a changing environment, including as a result of climate change, such as regulating greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon pricing or a carbon tax), energy policies, and disclosure obligations. Increased energy or compliance costs and expenses due to, and additional legal or regulatory requirements regarding, changing environmental conditions and climate change could be costly and may cause disruptions in, or an increase in the costs associated with, the running of our manufacturing and processing facilities and our business, as well as increase distribution and supply chain costs. Moreover, compliance with any such legal or regulatory requirements may require us to make significant changes to our business operations and long-term operating plans, which will likely incur substantial time, attention, and costs. Even if we make changes to align ourselves with such legal or regulatory requirements, we may still be subject to significant penalties if such laws and regulations are interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices. The effects of a changing environment and responsive legal or regulatory initiatives could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Finally, we might face increasing scrutiny from the media, stockholders, activists, customers, enforcement authorities and other stakeholders who have conflicting views on climate change and other sustainability-related matters. Our published activities, progress, objectives, and priorities on these topics may not satisfy all of our stakeholders and could result in adverse publicity or legal liability and negatively affect consumer preferences for our products, investor confidence in our stock, and our business and reputation. Additionally, we may become the target of litigation, investigations, or other proceedings initiated by government authorities or private actors alleging that our activities or positions related to sustainability-related matters are anti-competitive, discriminatory or otherwise unlawful. From time to time we establish and publicly announce sustainability-related goals, commitments, and aspirations, including to reduce our impact on the environment. Our ability to achieve any stated goal or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such factors include evolving regulatory requirements affecting sustainability standards or disclosures or imposing different requirements, the pace of changes in technology, the availability of requisite financing, and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards. Furthermore, standards for tracking and reporting, as well as our processes and controls for reporting sustainability and other matters across our organization continue to evolve. Sustainability-related disclosures that may be required by the European Union and other foreign, federal, state, and local regulatory and legislative bodies (including, but not limited to, the European Union s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive and Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive and the state of California s climate disclosure requirements), may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. Business Risks The Separation is subject to various risks and uncertainties, involves significant time, expense, and resources and may be further delayed or we may decide to cease work related to the Separation entirely. On September 2, 2025, we announced our intention to separate our company into two independent publicly traded companies through a tax-free spin-off. On February 11, 2026, we announced that the Board has decided to pause work related to the Separation. If work related to the Separation is resumed, the Separation would be subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including final approval by the Board, receipt of favorable tax opinions of our U.S. tax advisors with respect to the tax-free nature of the Separation, and the effectiveness of appropriate filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 11 Commission. The failure to satisfy any of the required conditions could further delay the completion of the Separation or prevent it from occurring at all. The Separation is complex in nature, and unanticipated developments or changes, including changes in the law, macroeconomic environment, regulatory and political conditions and competitive conditions of our markets, the need both to receive regulatory approvals or clearances and to satisfy the requirements to effectuate a generally tax-free transaction, the uncertainty of the financial markets and challenges in executing the Separation, could further delay or prevent the completion of the Separation or cause the Separation to occur on terms or conditions that are different or less favorable than expected. Any changes to the Separation or further delay in completing the Separation could cause us not to realize some or all of the expected benefits, or realize them on a different timeline than currently expected. Further, our Board could decide, either because of a failure of conditions or because of market or other factors, to further delay or abandon the Separation. No assurance can be given as to whether and when the Separation will occur. Whether or not we complete the Separation, our ongoing business may be adversely affected and we may be subject to certain risks and consequences if we pursue the Separation, including the following: The process of completing the Separation will be time-consuming and involve significant additional costs and expenses, which may not yield a discernible benefit if the Separation is not completed, and pausing efforts on the Separation could lead to higher execution costs and expenses, if we resume efforts to pursue the Separation, than we would have otherwise incurred without such pause. Executing the Separation will require significant time and attention from our senior management and employees, which may divert management s attention from operating and growing our business and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We may also experience increased difficulties in attracting, retaining, and motivating employees during the pendency of the Separation and following completion of the Separation, which could harm our businesses. The assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process, including with respect to the Separation may prove to be faulty and/or inaccurate. Some of our customers or suppliers may delay or defer decisions or may end their relationships with us. We may experience negative reactions from the financial markets if we fail to complete the Separation or fail to complete it on a timely basis. The announcement of the Separation, and any changes regarding the timing of the Separation, may create greater volatility in the trading price of our shares and potentially cause market prices to decline. Any of the above factors could cause the Separation (or the failure to execute the Separation) to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The Separation if completed, may not achieve the anticipated benefits and will expose us to new risks. We may not realize the anticipated strategic, financial, operational, or other benefits from the Separation if completed. We cannot predict with certainty when the benefits expected from the Separation will occur or the extent to which they will be achieved. If the Separation is completed, our operational and financial profile will change and we will face new risks. As independent, publicly traded companies, the newly created companies will each be smaller, less-diversified companies and may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions. There is no assurance that following the Separation each separated company will be successful. The announcement and/or completion of the Separation, as well as any delays relating to the completion of the Separation, may cause uncertainty for or disruptions with our customers, partners, suppliers, and employees, which may negatively impact these relationships or our operations. In addition, we will incur one-time costs and ongoing costs in connection with, or as a result of, the Separation, including costs of operating as independent, publicly-traded companies that the two businesses will no longer be able to share. Those costs may exceed our estimates or could negate some of the benefits we expect to realize. Further, our future effective tax rate, which is impacted by a number of factors including changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in geographic mix of income, changes in expenses not deductible for tax, and changes in available tax credits, may be negatively impacted for each separated company due to deviations in these factors from our current estimates, such as changes to our current assessments of the realization of existing deferred tax assets. If we do not realize the intended benefits or if our costs exceed our estimates, the separated businesses could suffer a material adverse effect on their respective business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The Separation if completed, may adversely impact our ability to access the capital markets and our cost of capital. The Separation may have the effect of, among other things: Requiring us to dedicate significant cash flow to our debt, including, without limitation, the payment of principal and interest, payment of costs associated with the refinancing, repayment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, discharge or exchange of the Company s outstanding debt, and payment of costs associated with the Separation, which will 12 reduce funds we have available for other purposes. Exposing us to interest rate risk at the time of refinancing outstanding debt or on the portion of our debt obligations that are issued at variable rates. Increasing the borrowing costs associated with the re-allocation or taking on of new debt. Although we expect to maintain investment grade ratings, resulting in downgrades of our credit ratings leading to increased borrowing costs to the Company. Our primary sources of liquidity to finance operations, including stock repurchases and dividends on our common stock, is cash generated by our businesses and access to the debt capital markets. Further, in connection with the Separation, we may repay, redeem, repurchase, defease, discharge or exchange some or all of our senior notes, of which there are approximately $20.9 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding, with maturities in years starting in 2026 through 2050. If our ability to continue to raise money in the debt capital markets is impaired, or if there is a significant increase in the cost of debt, there could be an adverse effect on our liquidity. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or maintain access to adequate external financing, it could impact our current operations, activities under our current and future stock buyback programs, and our growth opportunities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. If the Separation and/or certain related transactions do not qualify as transactions that are generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we and our stockholders could be subject to significant tax liabilities. Notwithstanding that we intend to structure the Separation to generally be a tax-free transaction, there is no assurance that the spin-off and/or certain related transactions will qualify for this treatment. If the spin-off and/or certain related transactions are completed and are ultimately determined to be taxable, we and our stockholders could be subject to significant U.S. federal income taxes. Following the Separation, the price of shares of the Company s common stock may fluctuate significantly. The Company cannot predict the effect of the Separation on the trading price of shares of its common stock, and the market value of shares of its common stock may be less than, equal to or greater than the market value of shares of its common stock prior to the Separation. In addition, the price of the Company s common stock may be more volatile around the time of the Separation. We may not successfully identify, complete, or realize the benefits from strategic acquisitions, divestitures, alliances, joint ventures, or investments. From time to time, we have evaluated and may continue to evaluate acquisition candidates, divestiture opportunities, alliances, joint ventures, or investments that may strategically fit our business objectives. These activities may present financial managerial, and operational risks including, but not limited to, diversion of management s attention from existing core businesses; adverse effects on existing or acquired customer and supplier business relationships; and potential disputes with buyers, sellers, or partners. Further, such activities in certain areas are regulated by numerous antitrust and competition laws in the United States, Canada, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and elsewhere. We have in the past and may in the future be required to obtain approval of these transactions by competition authorities or to satisfy other legal requirements, and we may be unable to obtain such approvals or satisfy such requirements, each of which may result in additional costs, time delays, or our inability to complete such transactions, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. To the extent we undertake acquisitions, alliances, joint ventures, or investments we may face difficulties integrating, or be unable to integrate, the new business operations within our current sourcing, distribution, information technology systems, and control environment. Additionally, we may face risks related to the integration of personnel. Further, for these activities which occur in foreign jurisdiction, we may be subject to additional risks as discussed below under the risk factor titled Our international operations subject us to additional risks and costs and may cause our profitability to decline. To the extent we pursue divestiture opportunities, we may face additional risks related to such activities. For example, risks related to our ability to find appropriate buyers, obtain applicable regulatory and governmental approvals, execute transactions on favorable terms, separate divested business operations with minimal impact to our remaining operations, and effectively manage any transitional service arrangements. Further, our divestiture activities have in the past required, and may in the future require, us to recognize impairment charges. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. We may not successfully complete any planned strategic initiatives, including achieving any previously announced productivity efficiencies and financial targets, any new business may not be profitable or meet our expectations, or any divestiture may not be completed without disruption. Any of these challenges could hinder our success in new markets or new distribution 13 channels, and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our international operations subject us to additional risks and costs and may cause our profitability to decline. We are a global company with sales and operations in numerous countries within developed and emerging markets. Approximately 33% of our 2025 net sales were generated outside of the United States. As a result, we are subject to risks inherent in global operations. These risks, which can vary substantially by market, are described in many of the risk factors discussed in this section, and also include: compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the United States, including anti-bribery and corruption laws such as the FCPA; changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, tax laws or their interpretations, or tax audit implications; the imposition of increased or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, or similar restrictions on our sales or imports (including those that may affect our sourcing operations and the availability of raw materials and commodities), trade agreements, regulations, taxes, or policies that might negatively affect our sales or costs; foreign currency devaluations or fluctuations in foreign currency values, including risks arising from the significant and rapid fluctuations in foreign currency exchange markets and the decisions made and positions taken to hedge such volatility; compliance with antitrust and competition laws, data privacy laws, human rights laws, and a variety of other local, national, and multi-national regulations and laws in multiple jurisdictions; discriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies in or across foreign jurisdictions; changes in capital controls, including foreign currency exchange controls, governmental foreign currency policies, or other limits on our ability to import raw materials or finished product into various countries or repatriate cash from outside the United States; challenges associated with cross-border product distribution, including economic sanctions, export controls, and labor restrictions; changes in local regulations and laws, the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions, and foreign ownership restrictions and the potential for nationalization or expropriation of property or other resources; risks and costs associated with political and economic instability, military conflict, corruption, anti-American sentiment, and social and ethnic unrest in the countries in which we operate; the risks of operating in developing or emerging markets in which there are significant uncertainties regarding the interpretation, application, and enforceability of laws and regulations and the enforceability of contract rights and intellectual property rights; changing labor conditions and difficulties in staffing our operations; greater risk of uncollectible accounts or trade receivables and longer collection cycles; and design, implementation, and use of effective control environment processes across our various operations and employee base. Slow economic growth, inflation, or high unemployment in the markets in which we operate could constrain consumer spending, and declining consumer purchasing power could adversely impact our profitability. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands. We consider our intellectual property rights, particularly and most notably our trademarks, but also our patents, trade secrets, trade dress, copyrights, and licensing agreements, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, and trade dress laws, as well as licensing agreements, third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements, policing of third-party misuses of our intellectual property, and securing our information technology systems. Our failure to develop or adequately protect our trademarks, products, new features of our products, or our technology, or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property, may diminish our competitiveness and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, business, and financial condition. We also license certain intellectual property, most notably trademarks, from third parties. To the extent that we are not able to contract with these third parties on favorable terms or maintain our relationships with these third parties, our rights to use certain intellectual property could be impacted, which may adversely impact our results from operations. We may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technology, brands, or products. Any 14 litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly license agreements. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products. We may be unable to realize the anticipated benefits from prior or future initiatives to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, or improve our competitiveness. We have evaluated and implemented a number of strategic initiatives with the intention of enabling us to reduce costs, improve productivity, and improve our competitiveness. Our future success may depend upon our ability to realize the benefits of these or other cost-saving initiatives. In addition, certain of our initiatives may lead to increased costs in other aspects of our business such as increased conversion, outsourcing, or distribution costs. We must accurately predict anticipated costs and be efficient in executing any plans to achieve these initiatives. To capitalize on our efforts, we must carefully evaluate investments in our business and execute in those areas with the most potential return on investment, and operate efficiently in the highly competitive food and beverage industry, particularly in an environment of increased competition. If we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits from these efforts, we could be cost disadvantaged in the marketplace, and our competitiveness, production, profitability, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely affected. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. has the ability to exert influence over us and significant influence over matters requiring stockholder approval. As of January 16, 2026, Berkshire Hathaway Inc. ( Berkshire Hathaway ) owns approximately 27.5% of our common stock. As a result, Berkshire Hathaway has influence over any action requiring the approval of the holders of our common stock, including adopting any amendments to our charter, electing directors, and approving mergers or sales of substantially all of our capital stock or assets. In addition, Berkshire Hathaway is in the business of making investments in companies and may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. Berkshire Hathaway may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those opportunities may not be available to us. Financial Risks Our level of indebtedness, as well as our ability to comply with covenants under our debt instruments, could adversely affect our business and financial condition. We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and are permitted to incur a substantial amount of additional indebtedness, including secured debt. Our existing debt, together with any incurrence of additional indebtedness, could have important consequences, including, but not limited to: increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, research and development, debt service requirements, acquisitions, and general corporate or other purposes; resulting in a downgrade to our credit rating, which could adversely affect our cost of funds, including our commercial paper programs, liquidity, and access to capital markets; restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures; limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are not as highly leveraged; making it more difficult for us to make payments on our existing indebtedness; requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, payments of dividends, capital expenditures, stock repurchases, and future business opportunities; exposing us to risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency, as we earn profits in a variety of foreign currencies and the majority of our debt is denominated in U.S. dollars; and in the case of any additional indebtedness, exacerbating the risks associated with our substantial financial leverage. In addition, we may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or future debt or equity financings may not be available to us to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund other needs. As a result, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. We may not be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all. Any inability to generate sufficient cash flow or to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Our debt instruments contain customary representations, warranties, and covenants, including a financial covenant in our senior 15 unsecured revolving credit facility (the Senior Credit Facility ) to maintain a minimum shareholders equity balance (excluding accumulated other comprehensive income/(losses)). The creditors who hold our debt could accelerate amounts due in the event that we default, which could potentially trigger a default or acceleration of the maturity of our other debt. If our operating performance declines, or if we are unable to comply with any covenant, such as our ability to timely prepare and file our periodic reports with the SEC, we have in the past needed and may in the future need to obtain waivers from the required creditors under our debt instruments to avoid being in default. If we breach any covenants under our debt instruments and seek a waiver, we may not be able to obtain a waiver from the required creditors, or we may not be able to remedy compliance within the terms of any waivers approved by the required creditors. If this occurs, we would be in default under our debt instruments and unable to access our Senior Credit Facility. In addition, certain creditors could exercise their rights, as described above, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. Additional impairments of the carrying amounts of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. As of December 27, 2025, we maintain 10 reporting units globally, six of which comprise our goodwill balance. Our indefinite-lived intangible asset balance primarily consists of a number of individual brands . As of December 27, 2025 , we had goodwill and intangible assets with a total carrying amount of $59.7 billion . In 2025 , we recorded non-cash goodwill impairment losses of $9.3 billion related to these assets. We test our reporting units and brands for impairment annually as of the first day of our third quarter, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or brand is less than its carrying amount. Such events and circumstances could include a sustained decrease in our market capitalization, increased competition or unexpected loss of market share, increased input costs beyond projections, disposals of significant brands or components of our business, unexpected business disruptions (for example due to a natural disaster, pandemic, or loss of a customer, supplier, or other significant business relationship), unexpected significant declines in operating results, significant adverse changes in the markets in which we operate, changes in income tax rates, changes in interest rates, or changes in management strategy. We test reporting units for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount. We test brands for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of each brand with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit or brand exceeds its estimated fair value, we record an impairment loss based on the difference between fair value and carrying amount, in the case of reporting units, not to exceed the associated carrying amount of goodwill. Reporting units and brands that have 20% or less excess fair value over carrying amount as of the 2025 annual impairment test performed as of June 29, 2025 had an aggregate carrying value of $37.2 billion as of the date of 2025 annual impairment test. These reporting units and brands have a heightened risk of future impairments if any assumptions, estimates, or market factors change in the future. Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions, estimates, and market factors. Estimating the fair value of individual reporting units and brands requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans, as well as industry, economic, and regulatory conditions, and to consider the market multiples of certain peer and guideline companies. These assumptions and estimates include estimated future annual cash flows (including net sales, cost of products sold, SG A, depreciation and amortization, working capital, and capital expenditures), income tax rates, discount rates, long-term growth rates, royalty rates, contributory asset charges, and other market factors. If current expectations of future growth rates and margins are not met, if market factors outside of our control change; such as discount rates, market capitalization, income tax rates, foreign currency exchange rates, or inflation, or if management s expectations or plans otherwise change, including updates to our long-term operating plans, then one or more of our reporting units or brands might become impaired in the future, which could negatively affect our operating results or net worth. Furthermore, changes in reporting units, including as a result of integrating a new acquisition into an existing reporting unit that has a fair value below carrying amount of goodwill, have led, and could in the future lead, to an impairment of goodwill. Additionally, any decisions to divest certain non-strategic assets could lead to future goodwill or intangible asset impairments. See Note 9, Goodwill and Intangible Assets in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and Critical Accounting Estimates in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , for additional information on our goodwill and intangible assets. Our net sales and net income may be exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. We derive a substantial portion of our net sales from international markets. We hold assets, incur liabilities, earn revenue, and pay expenses in a variety of currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Canadian dollar, euro, British pound sterling, Australian dollar, Brazilian real, Chinese renminbi, Russian ruble, Indonesian rupiah, and New Zealand dollar. Since our consolidated financial statements are reported in U.S. dollars, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates from period to period, which have been more volatile recently, will have an impact on our reported results. We have implemented foreign currency hedges intended to reduce our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. However, these hedging strategies may not be successful, and any of our unhedged foreign exchange exposures will continue to be subject to market fluctuations. In addition, in certain circumstances, we may incur costs in one currency related to services or products for which 16 we are paid in a different currency. As a result, factors associated with our international operations, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, could significantly affect our results of operations and financial condition. Commodity, energy, and other input prices are volatile and could negatively affect our consolidated operating results. We purchase and use large quantities of commodities, including dairy products, meat products, sugar and other sweeteners, coffee, tomato products, soybean and vegetable oils, eggs, other fruits and vegetables, and wheat and processed grains to manufacture our products. In addition, we purchase and use significant quantities of plastics, resin, cardboard, glass, paper and metal to package our products, and we use other inputs, such as electricity, natural gas, and water, to operate our facilities. We are also exposed to changes in oil prices, including diesel fuel, which influence both our packaging and transportation costs. Prices for commodities, energy, and other supplies are volatile and can fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict, particularly due to inflationary pressures, due in part to changes in governmental regulation, including the recent tariff and trade policy actions taken by the United States and foreign governments. Further, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, input cost volatility due global competition for resources, foreign currency fluctuations, geopolitical conditions or conflicts, cybersecurity incidents, severe weather, natural disasters, global climate change, water risk, pandemics, crop failures, crop shortages due to plant disease or insect and other pest infestation, changes in consumer demand, alternative energy initiatives, including increased demand for biofuels, and agricultural programs. Additionally, we may be unable to maintain favorable arrangements with respect to the costs of procuring raw materials, packaging, services, and transporting products, which could result in increased expenses and negatively affect our operations. Furthermore, the cost of raw materials and finished products may fluctuate due to changes in cross-currency transaction rates. Rising commodity, energy, and other input costs could materially and adversely affect our cost of operations, including the manufacture, transportation, and distribution of our products, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. Although we monitor our exposure to commodity and other input prices as an integral part of our overall risk management program, and seek to hedge against input price increases to the extent we deem appropriate, we do not fully hedge against changes in commodity prices, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in specific raw materials costs. For example, hedging our costs for one of our key commodities, dairy products, is difficult because dairy futures markets are not as liquid as many other commodities futures markets. Continued volatility or sustained increases in the prices of commodities and other supplies we purchase could increase the costs of our products, and our profitability could suffer. Moreover, increases in the prices of our products to cover these increased costs may result in lower sales volumes, or we may be constrained from increasing the prices of our products by competitive and consumer pressures. If we are not successful in our hedging activities, or if we are unable to price our products to cover increased costs, then commodity and other input price volatility or increases could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. In 2025, we experienced increased inflationary pressures in our supply chain costs compared to the prior year period, due in part to the tariff and trade policy actions taken by the United States and foreign governments during the year. We expect these inflationary trends to moderate through 2026, although there continues to be significant uncertainty. Although we take measures to mitigate the impact of this inflation through pricing actions and efficiency initiatives, if these measures are not effective our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Even if such measures are effective, we expect that there could be a difference between the timing of when these beneficial actions impact our results of operations and when the cost inflation is incurred. Additionally, the pricing actions we take have, in some instances, negatively impacted and could continue to negatively impact our market share. Volatility in the market value of all or a portion of the derivatives we use to manage exposures to fluctuations in commodity prices may cause volatility in our gross profit and net income. We use commodity futures, options, and swaps to economically hedge the price of certain input costs, including dairy products, vegetable oils, coffee beans, corn, wheat products, sugar cane and meat products. We recognize gains and losses based on changes in the values of these commodity derivatives. We recognize these gains and losses in cost of products sold in our consolidated statements of income. We recognize the unrealized gains and losses on these commodity derivatives in general corporate expenses until realized; once realized, the gains and losses are recorded in the applicable segment s operating results. Accordingly, changes in the values of our commodity derivatives may cause volatility in our gross profit and net income. Regulatory Risks Our compliance with laws and regulations, and related legal claims or regulatory enforcement actions, could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation. As a large, global food and beverage company, we operate in a highly regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. Various laws and regulations govern our practices including, but not limited to, those related to advertising and marketing, product claims and labeling, food production and nutritional requirements, environmental matters (including climate change), packaging and waste management (including packaging containing PFAS), intellectual property, 17 consumer protection and product liability, commercial disputes, trade and export controls, anti-trust, data privacy, labor and employment, workplace health and safety, forced labor, and tax. As a consequence, we face a heightened risk of legal claims and regulatory enforcement actions in the ordinary course of business. In addition, the imposition of new laws, changes in laws or regulatory requirements or changing interpretations thereof, and differing or competing regulations and standards across the markets where our products are made, manufactured, distributed, and sold have in the past and could continue to result in higher compliance costs, capital expenditures, and higher production costs, adversely impacting our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, claims about the health impacts of consumption of our products, or ingredients, additives, preservatives, components, or substances present or allegedly present in those products or packaging, including in connection with the development, manufacture, and marketing of our products, have resulted in, and could in the future result in, us being subject to regulations, fines, lawsuits (including but not limited to pending litigation alleging that certain of our products are ultra-processed and consuming them causes adverse health impacts, allegations with which we strongly disagree), or taxes, or may cause us to change the way in which we operate which could adversely impact our profitability, financial condition, or operating results. As a result of any such legal claims or regulatory enforcement actions, we could be subject to monetary judgments, settlements, and civil and criminal actions, including fines, injunctions, product recalls, penalties, disgorgement of profits, or activity restrictions, which could materially and adversely affect our reputation, product sales, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We evaluate these legal claims and regulatory enforcement actions to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, we establish reserves and disclose relevant material litigation claims, legal proceedings, or regulatory enforcement actions as appropriate and in accordance with SEC rules and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). Our assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our current assessments and estimates. In addition, even if a claim is unsuccessful, without merit, or not pursued to completion, the cost of defending against or responding to such a claim, including expenses and management time, could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately and timely report our financial results, which could negatively impact our business, investor confidence, and the price of our common stock. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process, and report financial information accurately and to prepare financial statements within required time periods could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation, investigations, or penalties; negatively affect our liquidity, our access to capital markets, perceptions of our creditworthiness, our ability to complete acquisitions, our ability to maintain compliance with covenants under our debt instruments or derivative arrangements regarding the timely filing of periodic reports, or investor confidence in our financial reporting; or cause defaults, accelerations, or cross-accelerations under our debt instruments or derivative arrangements to the extent we are unable to obtain waivers from the required creditors or counterparties or to cure any breaches, any of which may require management resources or cause our stock price to decline. A downgrade in our credit rating could adversely impact interest costs or access to future borrowings. Our borrowing costs can be affected by short and long-term credit ratings assigned by rating organizations. A decrease in these credit ratings could limit our access to capital markets and increase our borrowing costs, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. As of the date of this filing, our long-term debt is rated BBB with a stable outlook from S P Global Ratings, BBB with a rating watch negative outlook from Fitch Ratings, and Baa2 with ratings under review for downgrade from Moody s Investor Services, Inc. Registered Securities Risks Sales of our common stock in the public market could cause volatility in the price of our common stock or cause the share price to fall. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, including sales of our common stock by Berkshire Hathaway, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock, and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. A sustained depression in the market price of our common stock has happened and could in the future happen, which could also reduce our market capitalization below the book value of net assets, which could increase the likelihood of recognizing goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment losses that could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. Kraft Heinz and Berkshire Hathaway are party to a registration rights agreement requiring us to register for resale under the Securities Act all registrable shares held by Berkshire Hathaway, which represents all shares of our common stock held by Berkshire Hathaway as of the date of the closing of the 2015 Merger. As of January 16, 2026, registrable shares represented approximately 27.5% of all outstanding shares of our common stock. Although the registrable shares are subject to certain 18 holdback and suspension periods, the registrable shares are not subject to a lock-up or similar restriction under the registration rights agreement. Accordingly, offers and sales of a large number of registrable shares may be made pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the registration rights agreement. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement, on January 20, 2026, we filed a prospectus supplement with the SEC to register for resale up to 325,442,152 shares of our common stock held by Berkshire Hathaway. The filing of the prospectus supplement was made solely to register these shares for resale, does not itself constitute a sale of any shares, and does not necessarily mean that Berkshire Hathaway will sell any or all of the registered shares. If any of these registered shares are sold, we will not receive any proceeds from those sales. Because the registered shares represent a significant por