=== MKC_2026-02-18.htm.gz ===
mkc-20260217 0000063754 DEF 14A false 789.4 6,840.3 788.5 6,723.7 680.6 6,662.2 682.0 6,350.5 755.3 6,317.9 iso4217:USD 0000063754 2024-12-01 2025-11-30 0000063754 mkc:BrendanM.FoleyMember 2024-12-01 2025-11-30 0000063754 mkc:BrendanM.FoleyMember 2023-12-01 2024-11-30 0000063754 2023-12-01 2024-11-30 0000063754 mkc:LawrenceE.KurziusMember 2022-12-01 2023-11-30 0000063754 mkc:BrendanM.FoleyMember 2022-12-01 2023-11-30 0000063754 2022-12-01 2023-11-30 0000063754 mkc:LawrenceE.KurziusMember 2021-12-01 2022-11-30 0000063754 2021-12-01 2022-11-30 0000063754 mkc:LawrenceE.KurziusMember 2020-12-01 2021-11-30 0000063754 2020-12-01 2021-11-30 0000063754 mkc:BrendanM.FoleyMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-12-01 2025-11-30 0000063754 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-12-01 2025-11-30 0000063754 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-12-01 2025-11-30 0000063754 mkc:BrendanM.FoleyMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-12-01 2025-11-30 0000063754 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-12-01 2025-11-30 0000063754 mkc:BrendanM.FoleyMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-12-01 2025-11-30 0000063754 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-12-01 2025-11-30 0000063754 mkc:BrendanM.FoleyMember ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-12-01 2025-11-30 0000063754 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-12-01 2025-11-30 0000063754 6 2024-12-01 2025-11-30 0000063754 1 2024-12-01 2025-11-30 0000063754 2 2024-12-01 2025-11-30 0000063754 3 2024-12-01 2025-11-30 0000063754 4 2024-12-01 2025-11-30 0000063754 5 2024-12-01 2025-11-30 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED 24 Schilling Road, Suite 1, Hunt Valley, Maryland 21031 Brendan M. Foley Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 18, 2026 As we move into 2026, we are operating from a position of strength, with a solid foundation, and a clear focus on sustainable, profitable growth. I am pleased to invite you to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on Wednesday, April 1, 2026 at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time, which will be held in a virtual meeting format only . You will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting physically. Prior to the meeting, I encourage you to review the Company s Annual Report to Stockholders for the 2025 fiscal year. At McCormick, flavor is more than what we make it s who we are. Our purpose is to make life more flavorful and as we strive to be the world s most trusted source of flavor, we remain committed to driving top tier financial results while focusing on impact that matters for our business. With our overarching focus on growth, performance, and people, we are confident we will continue to build long-term stockholder value. Growth McCormick is a global leader in flavor. Flavor makes food exciting, satisfying, and personal and the global demand for it remains strong. With our strong brands, effective strategies, and continued investment, we remain well positioned to deliver sustainable growth and profitability. Performance McCormick s performance in 2025 demonstrated the strength and resilience of our business. We delivered differentiated volume-led sales growth and navigated a challenging cost environment to achieve operating profit growth for the full year, all while continuing to invest to drive future growth. At the end of 2025, our Board of Directors authorized a 6.7% increase in the quarterly dividend continuing our long history of returning cash to stockholders. People For 136 years, McCormick s success has been powered by our people a testament to our enduring Power of People principle. Our global team s passion, commitment, and creativity continue to bring the best in flavor to millions of consumers around the world. The strength of our culture, built on collaboration, respect, and purpose, remains a key driver of our performance and long-term success. McCormick s Board of Directors and leadership team continue to direct our strategy and set our course for growth. We are pleased that Richard Dierker and Gavin Hattersley recently joined our Board of Directors. Maritza Montiel and Tony Vernon will be retiring from our Board as of the Annual Meeting. Maritza has served as a director since 2015, and Tony has served as a director since 2017, and we sincerely appreciate their contributions and service to the Company. Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual Annual Meeting, please vote your shares via the internet, by telephone, or, for stockholders who have requested to receive paper copies of the proxy materials, by signing and returning the proxy card so that your shares are represented at the meeting. Thank you for your continued confidence in our Company. We look forward to your participation at the meeting. Best regards, April 1, 2026 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time Virtual Annual Meeting: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MKC2026 NOTICE of Annual Meeting of Stockholders The Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) of McCormick Company, Incorporated ( McCormick ) will be held in a virtual meeting format only at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time on April 1, 2026, for the purpose of considering and acting upon: 1. the election of directors from the nominees named in the proxy statement to serve until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified; 2. the ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of McCormick to serve for the 2026 fiscal year; 3. the approval, on a non-binding advisory basis, of McCormick s Named Executive Officer compensation for fiscal 2025 (a say-on-pay vote); and 4. any other matters that may properly come before such meeting or any adjournments thereof. The proxy statement accompanying this Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders describes each of these items in detail and contains other important information that you should read and consider before you vote. February 18, 2026 Jeffery D. Schwartz Vice President, General Counsel Secretary The Board of Directors has fixed the close of business on January 5, 2026 , as the record date (the Record Date ) for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any adjournments thereof. Only holders of Common Stock (NYSE: MKC.V) are entitled to vote. Holders of Common Stock Non-Voting (NYSE: MKC) may not vote but are welcome to virtually attend the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MKC2026 . You may view the Annual Meeting by registering as a guest with your name and email address, but if you want to ask questions and/or vote at the Annual Meeting then you will also need to enter the control number found on your Notice of Internet Availability, proxy card, or voting instruction form. McCormick is furnishing proxy materials to its stockholders through the internet as permitted under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, unless otherwise requested, each of McCormick s stockholders will receive a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials instead of a paper copy of the Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement, our proxy card, and our Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe this process gives us the opportunity to serve you more efficiently by making the proxy materials available quickly online and reducing costs associated with printing and postage. Please vote your proxy promptly by internet, telephone or by mail as directed on the proxy card in order that your stock may be voted at the Annual Meeting. You may revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted by submitting a later dated proxy card or by subsequently voting via internet or telephone or by attending the Annual Meeting virtually and voting using the instructions provided at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MKC2026 . IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON APRIL 1, 2026: The proxy statement and McCormick s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 2025 fiscal year are available at www.proxyvote.com . These materials are also available on McCormick s Investor Relations website at ir.mccormick.com under Investor Resources. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we strongly encourage you to vote your shares by proxy prior to the meeting over the internet or by as described in those materials. By Internet Prior to the Annual Meeting, vote your shares online at www.proxyvote.com . During the Annual Meeting, vote your shares online at www.virtualshareholder meeting.com/MKC2026 . By Telephone Prior to the Annual Meeting, vote your shares by calling 1-800-690-6903. By Mailing Your Proxy Card If you have requested to receive paper copies of the proxy materials, vote by mail by marking, dating and signing your proxy card or voting instruction form and returning it in the postage-paid envelope. Table of Contents Proxy Summary i Select Business Highlights for 2025 i Executive Compensation and Performance Alignment Summary i Director Highlights i Selected Definitions iii Proxy Statement 1 General Information 1 Virtual Stockholder Meeting 2 Stock Ownership 3 Principal Stockholders 5 Corporate Governance 6 Corporate Governance Guidelines 6 Independence of Directors 6 Business Ethics 7 Purpose- L ed P erformance 8 Cybersecurity, Data Privacy, and AI 10 Insider Trading Policies and Procedures 10 Available Information 10 Directors 11 Executive Sessions of the Board of Directors 11 Communications with the Board of Directors 11 Process for Nominating Potential Director Candidates 11 Board Membership and Effectiveness 11 Board Leadership 19 Board Committees 19 Committee Membership and Meetings 21 Director Attendance at Meetings 21 Risk Oversight 22 Stock Ownership and Service on Other Boards 24 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 24 Compensation of Directors * 24 Proposal 1 - Election of Directors 27 Director Nominees 27 Required Vote of Stockholders 27 Compensation of Executive Officers 28 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 28 Introduction 28 Executive Summary 28 Our Executive Compensation Philosophy and Practices 29 Overview of Our Executive Compensation Program for Fiscal 2025 31 How We Determined Executive Compensation for Fiscal 2025 32 Elements of Executive Compensation 35 Performance-Based Compensation and Risk 40 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report 42 Executive Compensation Tables 43 Summary Compensation Table 43 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 44 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 45 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Last Fiscal Year 46 Retirement Benefits 46 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 47 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 49 CEO Pay Ratio Disclosure 51 Pay Versus Performance 52 Policies and Practices Related to the Grant of Certain Equity Awards Close in Time to the Release of Material Nonpublic Information 55 Equity Compensation Plan Information 56 Report of Audit Committee 57 Fees of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 58 Audit Fees 58 Audit Related Fees 58 Tax Fees 58 All Other Fees 58 Proposal 2 - Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 59 Required Vote of Stockholders 59 Proposal 3 - Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 60 Required Vote of Stockholders 60 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 61 Other Matters 61 Additional Information 61 Voting Procedures 61 Householding of Annual Disclosure Documents 62 Stockholder Proposals for 2027 Annual Meeting 62 Proxy Summary This summary highlights selected information contained in this proxy statement. It does not contain all the information you should consider and as such we urge you to carefully read the proxy statement in its entirety prior to voting. For additional information, please review the Company s Annual Report to Stockholders for the 2025 fiscal year. Select Business Highlights for 2025 Financial performance In 2025, net sales increased 2%, with minimal impact from currency. Operating income increased 1% and adjusted operating income increased 2%. Earnings per share increased 0.3% while adjusted earnings per share increased 2%. We generated strong cash flow from operations of $962 million. (1) Increased stockholder return We returned approximately $483.0 million of cash to our stockholders through dividends in 2025 and, through the execution of our proven strategies, we have driven a total annual stockholder return of 7% over the past 10-year period. 40 years of uninterrupted dividend increases We have paid dividends every year since 1925 and are proud to be among the S P 500 s Dividend Aristocrats. Our dividend increased in each of the past 40 years, representing a compound annual growth rate of 11%, which is at the high end of our long-term objective for earnings per share growth. In 2025, our dividend paid reached $1.80 per share. At the end of 2025, our Board of Directors (the "Board" or the "Board of Directors") authorized a 6.7% increase in the quarterly dividend, continuing our long history of returning cash to stockholders. (1) Adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share are non-GAAP measures. Refer to pages 28 to 33 of our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 23, 2026 for more information, including a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial results. Executive Compensation and Performance Alignment Summary Our pay-for-performance philosophy requires that a substantial portion of each executive s total compensation should be performance-based and dependent on the achievement of rigorous financial performance goals over both the short- and long-term. We pay for performance and the retention of key talent with the guiding principle that our financial performance goals should be drivers of stockholder value over both the short- and long-term. Our executive compensation programs are aligned with our strategy and performance and include an annual performance-based incentive program and a Long-Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP ). Our annual incentive is based on a formula that includes adjusted earnings per share ("EPS") growth, net sales growth, volume sales growth, and adjusted operating income growth, adjusted for working capital charges and currency impact. As part of our LTIP, performance-based awards are made under the Long-Term Performance Plan ( LTPP ) in the form of performance stock units ("PSUs"), which account for half of the total LTIP value. Cumulative net sales growth is the primary metric that determines the earned share awards under the LTPP with relative total stockholder return ("TSR") modifying the total payout. Cumulative net sales represents the cumulative growth rate for continuing operations over a three-year period, adjusted for items including foreign currency and the sales impact associated with acquisitions and divestitures. Payouts of awards under the LTPP are paid entirely in shares to provide enhanced stockholder alignment. The design of these programs ensures we stay committed to our executive compensation philosophy to link pay with performance. The PSUs that concluded their performance period at the end of fiscal 2025 were earned at 142.5% of target (or 47.5% of the maximum opportunity), reflecting strong three-year cumulative net sales and no TSR modifier. Annual incentive payouts for 2025 to corporate Named Executive Officers (as defined below) performance were 40.4% of target for Mr. Foley, Mr. Gabriel, Mr. Schwartz and Ms. Piper, and 35.3% of target for Mr. Foust, reflecting below target EPS performance moderated by profit and sales performance below target level. Director Highlights The following charts summarize the strategic skills and core competencies that the Board considers valuable to effective governance and successful oversight of our corporate strategy and illustrates how the director nominees and retiring directors individually and collectively represent these key skills and competencies. The lack of an indicator for a particular item does not mean that the director does not possess that skill or competency; rather, the indicators represent that the item is a core skill or competency of that director. The charts also provide the personal attributes of the director nominees and retiring directors. McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement i Proxy Summary Director Highlights Director Highlights 13 Directors 12 Independent 8 New Directors since 2015 31% Female Directors 63 Average Age 8 Years Average Tenure ANNE L. BRAMMAN INDEPENDENT Age: 58 Director since 2020 Committees: MICHAEL A. CONWAY INDEPENDENT Age: 59 Director since 2015 Committees: n RICHARD A. DIERKER INDEPENDENT Age: 46 Director since 2026 Committees: n BRENDAN M. FOLEY CHAIRMAN Age: 60 Director since 2023 Committees: None GAVIN D. HATTERSLEY INDEPENDENT Age: 63 Director since 2026 Committees: n MICHAEL D. MANGAN INDEPENDENT Age: 69 Director since 2007 Committees: n n MARGARET M.V. PRESTON INDEPENDENT Age: 68 Director since 2003 Committees: GARY M. RODKIN INDEPENDENT Age: 73 Director since 2017 Committees: n VALERIE L. SHEPPARD INDEPENDENT Age: 62 Director since 2024 Committees: n JACQUES TAPIERO INDEPENDENT Age: 67 Director since 2012 Committees: n TERRY S. THOMAS INDEPENDENT Age: 56 Director since 2024 Committees: n Retiring from our Board as of our Annual Meeting of Stockholders on April 1, 2026 MARITZA G. MONTIEL INDEPENDENT Age: 74 Director since 2015 Committees: n W. ANTHONY VERNON INDEPENDENT Age: 70 Director since 2017 Committees: Lead Director Chair n Audit n Compensation and Human Capital n Nominating and Corporate Governance Independence 92% Tenure in Years 0-5 6-10 11+ Age 3 4 6 45-58 59-64 65+ Director Experience Senior executive experience (e.g., CEO, COO, CFO) at a publicly traded multinational company 12 Consumer marketing experience, or a particular knowledge of the food industry 8 General management experience in international operations 13 Strategic leadership at a large, complex organization 13 High level of financial literacy 13 Governmental experience; regulatory expertise 5 Merger, acquisition and/or joint venture expertise 12 Experience in aligning compensation with organizational strategy and performance 12 Experience with enterprise risk management programs, including financial, operational, cybersecurity and/or environmental, social and governance risks 13 ii McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2025 Proxy Statement Selected Definitions The following terms are used in the proxy statement and have the meanings noted: Annual Meeting the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time on April 1, 2026. Earnings Per Share (EPS) calculated as net income divided by the total of the average number of shares of common stock and common stock equivalents (e.g., stock options) outstanding. Exchange Act the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Market Group those consumer products companies detailed in How We Determined Executive Compensation for Fiscal 2025. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee of the Board of Directors reviews the executive compensation programs of these companies to aid in making compensation decisions for each position occupied by McCormick s executive officers, including its Named Executive Officers. Named Executive Officers individuals who served as the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and the Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) during the last fiscal year, the Company s three most highly compensated executive officers, other than the CEO and CFO, who were serving as executive officers at the end of the last completed fiscal year, and up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer at the end of the last completed fiscal year. In this proxy statement, our Named Executive Officers consist of Brendan M. Foley, Marcos M. Gabriel, Andrew D. Foust, Sarah J. Piper, and Jeffery D. Schwartz. Non-Qualified Stock Option an award that allows the holder, after the award vests, to purchase shares of stock at a specified exercise price. Non-qualified stock options do not qualify for special tax treatment under Sections 422 or 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ). Peer Group those manufacturers of food and other consumer products detailed in How We Determined Executive Compensation for Fiscal 2025 with whom we compete for equity investors. Some of the financial performance targets established by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee and used by McCormick for its performance-based incentive plans are partly informed by an analysis of the financial performance of the Peer Group companies. This Peer Group is also used to determine the relative TSR performance and resulting modifier under the LTPP. Performance Stock Unit (PSU) - an award equal in value to, and payable in, a share of Company stock subject to vesting or payment based on the achievement of pre-established performance goals. Company stock is not issued at the time the award is granted, but as soon as practicable after it has been determined that the applicable goals and terms of the award have been satisfied. Dividends and voting rights begin only upon issuance of the underlying stock. PSUs are awarded under the LTPP. Record Date the date established by the Board of Directors for determining the stockholders eligible for notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. The Record Date for the Annual Meeting is January 5, 2026. Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) an award equal in value to, and payable in, a share of company stock. Company stock is not issued at the time of the grant, but generally is issued shortly after the recipient of the RSU satisfies the vesting requirements. Dividends and voting rights begin only upon issuance of the underlying stock. Total Stockholder Return (TSR ) calculated as stock price appreciation over a given period of time plus dividends paid on the stock over the same time period. McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement iii Proxy Statement General Information This proxy statement is being furnished on or about February 18, 2026 to holders of Common Stock in connection with the solicitation by the Board of Directors of McCormick of proxies to be voted at the Annual Meeting or any adjournments thereof. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 1, 2026 The Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement, our proxy card, our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other Annual Meeting materials are available free of charge on the internet at www.proxyvote.com . We intend to begin mailing our Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials to stockholders on or about February 18, 2026. At that time, we also will begin mailing paper copies of our proxy materials to stockholders who requested them. There are three ways for registered stockholders to vote your shares before the Annual Meeting. To vote by internet or by telephone, have your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or proxy card available and follow the instructions on the website or provided by the recorded message to vote your shares. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON APRIL 1, 2026: The proxy statement and McCormick s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 2025 fiscal year are available at www.proxyvote.com . These materials are also available on McCormick s Investor Relations website at ir.mccormick.com under Investor Resources. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we strongly encourage you to vote your shares by proxy prior to the meeting over the internet or by as described in those materials. By Internet Prior to the Annual Meeting, vote your shares online at www.proxyvote.com . During the Annual Meeting, vote your shares online at www.virtualshareholder meeting.com/MKC2026 . By Telephone Prior to the Annual Meeting, vote your shares by calling 1-800-690-6903. By Mailing Your Proxy Card If you have requested to receive paper copies of the proxy materials, vote by mail by marking, dating and signing your proxy card or voting instruction form and returning it in the postage-paid envelope. The shares represented by all proxies received will be voted in accordance with the instructions contained in the proxies. Any proxy given may be revoked at any time before it is voted by submitting a later dated proxy card, or by subsequently voting via internet or telephone or during the virtual Annual Meeting by following the instructions available on the meeting website at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MKC2026 (the "Annual Meeting Website"). Such right of revocation is not limited or subject to compliance with any formal procedure. Attending the Annual Meeting virtually will not automatically revoke a stockholder s prior internet or telephone vote or the stockholder s proxy. The cost of the solicitation of proxies will be borne by McCormick. In addition to the solicitation of proxies by mail, officers and employees of McCormick may solicit proxies by telephone, electronic mail, personal interview, and/or through the internet. We also may request that brokers and other custodians, nominees, and fiduciaries forward proxy soliciting material to the beneficial owners of shares held of record by such persons, and McCormick may reimburse them for their expenses in so doing. Record Date At the close of business on the Record Date, there were 14,847,702 shares of Common Stock outstanding, which constitute all of the outstanding voting shares of McCormick. Except for certain voting limitations imposed by our Charter on beneficial owners of 10% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, each share of Common Stock is entitled to one vote. Only holders of record of shares of Common Stock at the close of business on the Record Date will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any adjournments thereof. References in this proxy statement to Common Stock do not refer to shares of Common Stock Non-Voting, which are not entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting or any adjournments thereof. McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Proxy Statement Virtual Stockholder Meeting Virtual Stockholder Meeting Our Annual Meeting will be conducted exclusively online as a live webcast with Brendan M. Foley, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Marcos M. Gabriel - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Jeffery D. Schwartz - Vice President, General Counsel Secretary. The virtual format allows stockholders the ability to view and/or participate in the Annual Meeting, including the live, online Q A session, and vote, from any location convenient to them, providing stockholders access to our management, enhancing participation, and broadening stockholder engagement globally. How do I participate in the Annual Meeting? Stockholders of Common Stock and Common Stock Non-Voting will need to enter their control number found on their Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy card or voting instruction form, if they also want to be able to ask questions and/or vote at the virtual Annual Meeting. The general public may also view the Annual Meeting by registering at the Annual Meeting Website as a guest with their name and email address. All registered guests will be allowed to view the Annual Meeting, but only registered stockholders who enter their control number will also be allowed to ask questions in our online Q A forum throughout the duration of the Annual Meeting. We are committed to answering questions from as many stockholders as possible during the live Q A session, as time permits. Who is entitled to vote? As described in this proxy statement, you are entitled to notice of the Annual Meeting and adjournments or postponements thereof if you were a stockholder as of the close of business on the Record Date. Only holders of Common Stock are entitled to vote. Holders of Common Stock Non-Voting may not vote but are welcome to attend the Annual Meeting and ask questions. For holders of Common Stock, whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we urge you to vote and submit your proxy in advance of the Annual Meeting by one of the methods described in this proxy statement. Stockholders who have requested to receive paper copies of the proxy materials will receive a proxy card that may be used to vote your shares of Common Stock in connection with the Annual Meeting. While recommended, it is not necessary to submit your proxy in advance, as you may vote during the Annual Meeting by following the instructions available on the Annual Meeting Website during the Meeting. To vote at the Annual Meeting Website, you must enter the control number found on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy card, and/or voting instruction form. If you need assistance finding your control number, please contact your broker, bank, financial institution or other nominee or intermediary who may serve as stockholder of record for the shares you hold. How can I ask questions during the Annual Meeting? As part of the Annual Meeting, we will hold a live, online Q A session, during which we intend to answer questions submitted before or during the Annual Meeting which are pertinent to the Company and the matters to be voted on, as time permits. Consistent with our prior annual meetings, we kindly ask stockholders not to ask more than one question in order to allow us to answer questions from as many stockholders as possible. Questions regarding personal matters or general economic, political, or product questions, that are not directly related to the business of the Company are not pertinent to matters to be voted on and therefore will not be answered. If there are matters of individual concern to a stockholder and not of general concern to all stockholders, or if a question posed was not otherwise answered, stockholders may contact us separately after the Annual Meeting through our Investor Relations website at ir.mccormick.com. Questions may be submitted prior to the Annual Meeting at www.proxyvote.com or you may submit questions in real time during the Annual Meeting using the Annual Meeting Website. We expect that all members of the Board and executive officers will join the Annual Meeting virtually. We want to be sure that all stockholders are afforded the same rights and opportunities to participate as they would at an in-person meeting. If you want to participate in our Annual Meeting but cannot submit your question using www.proxyvote.com or the Annual Meeting Website, please contact our Investor Services Department via email at investor_services@mccormick.com for accommodations. Please include "Annual Meeting Question" in the subject line and provide your name and proof of stock ownership or the control number found on your Notice of Internet Availability, proxy card, or voting instruction form. What can I do if I need technical assistance during the Annual Meeting? If you encounter any difficulties accessing or participating in the virtual Annual Meeting, please call the technical support number that will be posted on the Annual Meeting Website log-in page. If I can t participate in the live Annual Meeting webcast, can I vote or listen to it later? You may vote your shares electronically before the Annual Meeting by visiting www.proxyvote.com and following the instructions on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy card, and/or voting instruction form. You do not need to access the virtual Annual Meeting to vote if you submitted your vote via proxy in advance of the Annual Meeting. You cannot vote after the Annual Meeting concludes. A replay of the 2026 Annual Meeting will be available at the Annual Meeting Website until our 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "2027 Annual Meeting"). 2 McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement Stock Ownership The following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership of Common Stock and Common Stock Non-Voting by each director, each Named Executive Officer in the Summary Compensation Table, and our directors and executive officers, as a group, all as of the Record Date. As of the Record Date, a total of 14,847,702 shares of Common Stock were outstanding and a total of 253,590,537 shares of Common Stock Non-Voting were outstanding. Except as shown in the table, no executive officer or director owns more than 1% of Common Stock, and no executive officer or director owns more than 1% of Common Stock Non-Voting. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table is care of McCormick Company, Incorporated, 24 Schilling Road, Suite 1, Hunt Valley Maryland 21031. Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) Name Common Stock Common Stock Non-Voting Percent of Outstanding Common Stock Anne L. Bramman 24,022 20,147 (2) (2) Michael A. Conway 44,242 27,612 (2) (2) Richard A. Dierker (5) (2) (2) Brendan M. Foley 663,938 1,726 542,769 (2) (2) 4.3 % Andrew D. Foust 41,012 332 32,227 (2) (2) Marcos M. Gabriel 24,670 15,236 (2) (2) Gavin D. Hattersley (5) 906 (2) (2) Michael D. Mangan 86,208 4,234 44,428 (2) (2) Maritza G. Montiel (3) 28,638 5,000 27,594 (2) (2) Sarah J. Piper 48,745 41,450 (2) (2) Margaret M.V. Preston 141,779 6,235 35,954 (2) 1,490 (2) 1.0 % Gary M. Rodkin 46,538 34,428 (2) (2) Jeffery D. Schwartz 353,099 246 277,378 (2) (2) 2.3 % Valarie L. Sheppard 346 (2) (2) Jacques Tapiero 77,419 2,620 44,428 (2) (2) McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Stock Ownership Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) Name Common Stock Common Stock Non-Voting Percent of Outstanding Common Stock Terry S. Thomas 5,473 3,732 (2) (2) W. Anthony Vernon (4) 45,958 34,132 (2) (2) Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (17 persons) 1,711,408 (5) 21,300 1,255,503 (2) 1,490 (2) 10.6 % (1) Includes (i) shares of Common Stock and Common Stock Non-Voting beneficially owned by directors and executive officers alone or jointly with spouses, minor children, and relatives (if any) who have the same home as the director or executive officer; (ii) shares of Common Stock that are beneficially owned by virtue of participation in the McCormick 401(k) Retirement Plan: and (iii) shares of Common Stock which are beneficially owned by virtue of participation in the Non-Qualified Retirement Savings Plan: Mr. Foley -12,395; Ms. Piper -3,992; Ms. Preston 36,389; and Mr. Tapiero 2,190. (2) Number of shares included in the above number which can be acquired within 60 days of the Record Date pursuant to the exercise of stock options and/or the vesting of RSUs and/or shares earned under the LTPP. (3) Ms. Montiel will not be seeking re-election to the Board of Directors at the Annual Meeting. (4) Mr. Vernon will not be seeking re-election to the Board of Directors at the Annual Meeting. (5) Number of total shares held by Mr. Dierker and Mr. Hattersley reflects shares held prior to the Record Date, but does not include those awarded to Mr. Dierker and Mr. Hattersley on February 1, 2026 as the awards occurred after the Record Date. 4 McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement Principal Stockholders Set forth below is certain information on certain persons known to us to beneficially own more than five percent of the Common Stock of the Company as of the Record Date. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS (1) Title of Class Name Address of Beneficial Owner Amount Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class Common Stock McCormick 401(k) Retirement Plan 24 Schilling Road, Suite 1 Hunt Valley, Maryland 21031 1,809,713 (2)(3) 12.2 % Common Stock Lawrence E. Kurzius (4) 2,040,881 (2)(3) 12.4 % (1) All shares beneficially owned as of the Record Date. (2) Amount of shares of Common Stock shown in the table were held in the trust for the McCormick 401(k) Retirement Plan as of the Record Date. Neither the trustees of the trust nor the plan itself are the beneficial owners of these shares of Common Stock for purposes of the voting limitations described in our Charter. Instead, each plan participant is considered the beneficial owner of the shares allocated to such participant s account in the plan, and no individual participant holds more than five percent of the Common Stock of the Company in their plan account. Each plan participant has the right to vote all shares of Common Stock allocated to such participant s plan account. The plan s trustees possess voting discretion over the shares of Common Stock with respect to which plan participants do not direct the trustees how to vote, except that, in the event of a tender offer, no vote shall be made for any shares of Common Stock with respect to which plan participants do not direct the trustees how to tender. (3) Ownership percentage is based on 14,847,702 shares of Common Stock outstanding on the Record Date. (4) Based on Mr. Kurzius' most recent Schedule 13D/A, filed on January 13, 2026, he beneficially owned 1,944,120 shares of Common Stock, based upon 14,851,729 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2025, which represents 11.8% of the Company's outstanding Common Stock. McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Guidelines McCormick has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are available on its Investor Relations website at ir.mccormick.com under Governance, then Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Corporate Governance Guidelines contain general principles regarding the function of McCormick s Board of Directors and Board Committees. The Corporate Governance Guidelines are reviewed on an annual basis by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board, which submits any changes deemed desirable or necessary to the Board for approval. Among other things, the Corporate Governance Guidelines make clear that directors and officers of the Company appointed by the Board (including all executive officers) may not pledge Company stock as collateral for a loan or otherwise use Company stock to secure a debt, and may not engage in any hedging transactions with respect to Company stock. Our remaining employees are not prohibited from pledging and hedging Company stock. Independence of Directors McCormick s Corporate Governance Guidelines require that a majority of the Board of Directors be comprised of independent directors. For a director to be considered independent under the Listing Standards of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ), the Board must affirmatively determine that the director has no direct or indirect material relationship with McCormick. The NYSE s director independence guidelines are incorporated in McCormick s Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are used by the Board in making independence determinations. The Board has determined that the following directors are independent: Anne L. Bramman, Michael A. Conway, Richard A. Dierker, Gavin D. Hattersley, Michael D. Mangan, Maritza G. Montiel, Margaret M.V. Preston, Gary M. Rodkin, Valarie L. Sheppard, Jacques Tapiero, Terry S. Thomas, and W. Anthony Vernon. In addition, during the period in which she was a director during fiscal 2025, Patricia Little was deemed independent. In connection with these independence determinations, the Board considered the following: Valarie L. Sheppard is a member of the Board of Directors of Ibotta, Inc. and was the Interim Chief Financial Officer in 2025. A commercial relationship exists between Ibotta, Inc. and McCormick. However, the Board has determined that the commercial relationship is not material for the following reasons: (1) the payments made between McCormick and Ibotta, Inc. are substantially less than 2% of the consolidated gross revenues of Ibotta, Inc.; (2) Ms. Sheppard did not participate in the negotiation of commercial transactions on behalf of Ibotta, Inc. and has not been involved in the execution of any commercial transactions between McCormick and Ibotta, Inc; and (3) the products purchased from Ibotta, Inc. by McCormick are readily available from other sources of supply. All commercial transactions were conducted at arm s length and consisted of products McCormick purchased from Ibotta, Inc. Terry S. Thomas is the Chief Growth Officer of Flowers Foods, Inc. and, while no transactions occurred during fiscal year 2025 between McCormick and Flowers Foods, a commercial relationship has existed in the past between them. However, the Board has determined that the commercial relationship was not material for the following reasons: (1) the payments made between McCormick and Flowers Foods, Inc. are substantially less than 2% of the consolidated gross revenues of Flowers Foods, Inc.; (2) Mr. Thomas did not participate in the negotiation of commercial transactions on behalf of Flowers Foods, Inc. and has not been involved in the execution of any commercial transactions between McCormick and Flowers Foods, Inc.; and (3) the products supplied by McCormick to Flowers Foods, Inc. are readily available from other sources of supply. All commercial transactions were conducted at arm s length and consisted of products Flowers Foods, Inc. purchased from McCormick. For these reasons, the Board has concluded that Ms. Sheppard and Mr. Thomas have no direct or indirect material relationship with McCormick that would preclude a determination of independence. 6 McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Business Ethics Procedure Regarding Transactions with a Related Person McCormick maintains a written related person transactions procedure that is administered by members of McCormick s management and the Audit Committee of the Board. The written procedure applies to any transaction with a related person (defined by Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act) in excess of $120,000 in which the Company is a participant and in which a related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than: (a) a transaction involving compensation to an executive officer if it has been approved, or recommended to the Board of Directors for approval, by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee (the "CHCC") of the Board of Directors or a group of independent directors of the Company performing a similar function; (b) a transaction involving compensation to a director or director nominee that is required to be reported pursuant to Item 402(k) of Regulation S-K; (c) a transaction where the related person s interest arises only from (i) such person s position as a director of another entity that is a party to the transaction; or (ii) the direct or indirect ownership by such person and their immediate family, in the aggregate, of less than a 10% equity interest in another entity that is a party to the transaction; or (iii) from both of (c)(i) and (c)(ii) above; and (d) if the interest of the related person arises solely from the ownership of a class of the Company s stock and all holders of that class of stock of the Company receive the same benefit on a pro rata basis. The procedure provides that any actual or potential related person transaction is reviewed and analyzed by McCormick s General Counsel. If the transaction in question is determined to be a related person transaction, the General Counsel will report the transaction, together with a summary of materials facts to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee will review and consider the relevant facts and circumstances according to the related person transaction procedure and determine whether to approve the transaction. As a general rule, any employee or director who has a direct or indirect material interest in an actual or proposed related person transaction will not participate in the review and disposition of the transaction. Except as described below, McCormick does not believe that any director, executive officer or other greater than 5% stockholder has had any direct or indirect material interest in an actual or proposed related person transaction since the beginning of fiscal 2025. On November 11, 2025, following Audit Committee approval, the Company repurchased 39,014 shares of Common Stock from trusts affiliated with Mr. Kurzius at $65.54 per share, which was the market price on the date the Company agreed to purchase the shares from the trusts. Business Ethics McCormick s business is conducted by its employees under the leadership of its CEO and under the oversight and direction of its Board of Directors for the purpose of enhancing the long- term value of McCormick for its stockholders. McCormick s management and the Board of Directors believe that the creation of long-term value requires McCormick to conduct its business honestly and ethically as well as in accordance with applicable laws. McCormick has a Business Ethics Policy, which was first adopted by the Board more than 30 years ago. The Business Ethics Policy is reviewed annually by management and the Audit Committee of the Board and is amended as circumstances warrant. The Business Ethics Policy is administered by McCormick s General Counsel under the oversight of the CEO and the Audit Committee, and McCormick employees complete training on the Business Ethics Policy annually. While McCormick does not have a Chief Compliance Officer, the General Counsel performs similar functions as head of McCormick's enterprise compliance function and reports to the CEO. McCormick s Business Ethics Policy is available on its Investor Relations website at ir.mccormick.com under Governance, then "Policies and Disclosures," then Business Ethics Policy. The Audit Committee has established procedures for (i) employees to submit confidential and anonymous reports of suspected illegal or unethical behavior, concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters, or violations of McCormick s Business Ethics Policy, and (ii) interested persons to submit concerns regarding accounting, internal controls over financial reporting, or auditing matters. Anonymous reports by employees may be made to a confidential hotline service, which may be accessed by telephone or through a dedicated website. Further, concerns regarding such matters may be expressed in emails that may be sent to the Chair of the Audit Committee or to the attention of the General Counsel. McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Corporate Governance Purpose-Led Performance Purpose-Led Performance McCormick has a proud legacy of doing what s right for people, communities where we live, work, and source, and the planet we all share. Our Purpose-led Performance ("PLP") principle is an expression of this legacy, and it s our ongoing commitment to delivering top-tier financial performance while focusing on impact that matters for our business. Through our PLP approach we are committed to securing the future of flavor. In 2017, we first introduced a series of PLP commitments and performance targets, informed by the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. We have continued to evolve our goals to align with the latest science and industry standards as well as track and report our progress. Our commitments to drive sustainable change have included: A continued commitment to the education, development, and wellbeing of our employees, Support to farming communities from which we source to build and adapt to climate change, Employee engagement in charitable giving efforts and volunteerism, and Our continued commitment to lessening environmental impacts by adhering to science-based targets for greenhouse gas reduction and minimizing waste in our facilities. We will continue to evolve our commitments to secure the future of flavor with a focus on impact that matters for our business, including advancing our climate readiness, strengthening farmer resilience, and inspiring healthy sustainable choices. While the Board has general oversight of environmental, social and governance matters, the Charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee requires the committee to lead the oversight of our sustainability programs relating to such matters, except to the extent reserved for the full Board or another committee of the Board, as detailed below. As part of this oversight, the Board and its committees regularly review our material initiatives and policies related to such matters and assess progress with respect to our PLP commitments. The PLP Council is a cross-functional senior leadership steering committee with responsibility for establishing and driving a clear roadmap of initiatives to deliver on our commitments as well as integrating our PLP approach into our strategies to strengthen business fundamentals. The PLP Council is chaired by the Chief Sustainability Officer. It includes representatives from Quality Regulatory, Research Development, Supply Chain Procurement, Commercial (Regional Segment), Global Communications, Packaging, Controllership, Government Affairs and Sustainability. The Chair of the PLP Council reports regularly to the Board and Board Committees on various environmental, social and governance topics covering strategy and risks to major plans of action and key performance indicators. The PLP Council separately reports to McCormick's Management Committee, which is the top-level senior management committee. 8 McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Purpose-led Performance A summary of the allocation of general oversight of PLP matters among management, the Board and its Committees is as follows: BOARD OF DIRECTORS General oversight, with emphasis on directing the Company's strategy and setting its course for growth AUDIT COMMITTEE COMPENSATION AND HUMAN CAPITAL COMMITTEE NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Oversees the risk management process, with an emphasis on risk management processes related to financial reporting, internal controls, financial and cyber risks Oversees strategies and policies related to key human resource considerations, including workplace environment and culture, and talent development and retention Leads oversight of our sustainability programs and PLP matters MANAGEMENT Responsible for the day-to-day management and execution of the Company's strategies relating to PLP matters To read our latest PLP Report, please find it on our website at mccormickcorporation.com under "Responsibility," then "Purpose-led Performance Report." The information on our website is not and shall not be deemed to be a part of this Proxy Statement or incorporated into any other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Corporate Governance Cybersecurity, Data Privacy, and AI Cybersecurity, Data Privacy, and AI McCormick prioritizes the trust and confidence of our consumers, customers and workforce, and the Board of Directors recognizes that security and data privacy are integral to our products, business processes, and infrastructure. Our cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into our overall risk management processes, and includes multilayered processes for assessing, identifying and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. The Company devotes significant resources to protecting and evolving the security of its computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets, and the Company's cybersecurity risk management processes include physical, procedural and technical safeguards. The Board is also responsible for oversight over artificial intelligence, and the Company has policies and procedures related to artificial intelligence development, deployment and monitoring. The foregoing summary of our cybersecurity, artificial intelligence and data privacy policies and procedures does not purport to be complete and is qualified by reference to the description which can be found in the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2025. Insider Trading Policies and Procedures We have adopted insider trading policies and procedures applicable to our directors, officers, and employees, and have implemented processes for the Company that we believe are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations, and the NYSE listing standards. Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits our employees and related persons and entities from trading in McCormick stock while in possession of material, nonpublic information. Our trading black-out period requires that certain officers of the Company and other designated employees only transact in McCormick stock during an open window period, subject to limited exceptions. In addition, certain officers and directors of the Company are required to obtain approval in advance of transactions in McCormick stock. The foregoing summary of our insider trading policies and procedures does not purport to be complete and is qualified by reference to our Insider Trading Policy, a copy of which can be found as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2025. Available Information McCormick makes available free of charge through its website ir.mccormick.com , its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. McCormick s website also includes McCormick s Corporate Governance Guidelines, Business Ethics Policy and the Charters of its Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Capital Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 10 McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement Directors Executive Sessions of the Board of Directors Pursuant to McCormick's Corporate Governance Guidelines, the independent directors meet in regularly scheduled sessions (typically before and after each Board meeting) without the presence of management. Communications with the Board of Directors Stockholders and other interested parties may communicate with one or more members of the Board by writing to the Board, or to a specific director, at: Board of Directors (or specific director) McCormick Company, Incorporated c/o Corporate Secretary 24 Schilling Road, Suite 1, Hunt Valley, Maryland 21031 Process for Nominating Potential Director Candidates The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for selecting potential candidates for Board membership and for recommending qualified candidates to the full Board for nomination; and retains search firms to assist with the selection process. The Committee also considers recommendations of potential candidates from stockholders. The Committee applies the same standards in evaluating candidates submitted by stockholders as it does in evaluating candidates submitted by other sources. Suggestions regarding potential director candidates, together with the supporting information concerning the potential candidate s qualifications, should be submitted in writing to: Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee McCormick Company, Incorporated c/o Corporate Secretary 24 Schilling Road, Suite 1, Hunt Valley, Maryland 21031 Board Membership and Effectiveness Selection Criteria and Qualifications for All Directors The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for developing the selection criteria to be used in seeking nominees for election to the Board, within the general qualification criteria for director nominees established by the Board in McCormick s Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is also responsible for identifying, screening and selecting potential candidates for Board membership and for recommending qualified candidates to the full Board. The Board will consider qualified candidates recommended by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for election to the Board and will determine which candidates to recommend to the Company s stockholders for election. The Board is responsible for filling vacancies on the Board as they arise. In evaluating potential candidates, the Board considers the qualifications listed in McCormick s Corporate Governance Guidelines, including the requirement that nominees should possess the highest personal and professional ethics, integrity and values, and the commitment to represent the long-term interests of the stockholders. Nominees are selected on the basis of their business and professional experience and qualifications, public service, variety of background and availability, and will be experienced at policy-making levels in business, government, finance or accounting, higher education or other fields relevant to the Company s global activities. Nominees are selected to represent all stockholders rather than special interest groups or any group of stockholders. The Board also has a formal policy with regard to experience of Board nominees. As set forth in McCormick s Corporate Governance Guidelines, it is a policy of the Board to consider a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, business and professional experience and qualifications, public service, variety of background and availability in selecting Board nominees. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assesses the effectiveness of its nominating efforts through the annual nomination process, the annual self-evaluation process of the Board and its Committees and the Committee's periodic evaluation of the Board's composition. The Board believes that a variety of perspectives and experiences contributes to a more enhanced decision-making process. McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Directors Board Membership and Effectiveness Board Evaluation and Assessment The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee conducts the Board s annual self-assessment process, which includes surveys of Board members, one-on-one discussions, and opportunities for directors to bring forward ideas to improve the Board s effectiveness. The Committee regularly evaluates and adds to the self-assessment process in an effort to improve it. Additionally, from time to time, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, on behalf of the Board, may also retain an independent consultant experienced in corporate governance matters to conduct an in-depth study of the effectiveness of the Board and its Committees and to assist with the annual performance evaluation process. As part of the Board's self-assessment process, the Board and its Committees discuss the evaluation and determine if any follow-up actions are necessary. The Board and its Committees may then develop and execute plans to take actions based on the results, as appropriate, to ensure the Board and its Committees continue to operate effectively, where examples of such actions could be to change (i) the selection criteria used for membership to the Board; (ii) the allocation of the Board's oversight responsibilities amongst the Board and its Committees; or (iii) the leadership structure of the Board and its Committees. Particular Skills Represented on the Board as a Whole The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the full Board believe a complementary and broad mix of skills, attributes, and experiences will best serve the Company and its stockholders. The director skills summary that appears below, and the related narrative for each director nominee, notes the specific experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills for each director that the Board considers important in determining that each nominee should serve on the Board in light of the Company s business, structure, and strategic direction. The absence of a for a particular skill does not mean the director is unable to contribute to the decision-making process in that area. Summary of Skills of Director Nominees Senior executive experience (e.g., CEO, COO, CFO) at a publicly traded multinational company Consumer marketing experience, or a particular knowledge of the food industry General management experience in international operations Strategic leadership at a large, complex organization High level of financial literacy Governmental experience; regulatory expertise Merger, acquisition and/or joint venture expertise Experience in aligning compensation with organizational strategy and performance Experience with enterprise risk management programs, including financial, operational, cybersecurity and/or environmental, social and governance risks 12 McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement Directors Board Membership and Effectiveness Director Skills Narrative ANNE L. BRAMMAN Age: 58 Director since: 2020 Independent Committees: Audit (Chair) Skills and Qualifications Highlights: Strategic Leadership and Financial Literacy Experience in International Operations Merger, Acquisition and/or Joint Venture Expertise Executive Experience at Publicly Traded Company Other Public Company Directorships Held during the Past 5 Years: Morningstar Inc. (current) Ms. Bramman s qualifications include (i) senior executive experience at a publicly traded multinational company, (ii) strategic leadership at a large, complex organization, (iii) a high level of financial literacy, and (iv) experience in mergers and acquisitions. Ms. Bramman's most recent position was as Chief Financial and Growth Officer of Circana, Inc., a position she held from June 2023 until August 2024. Previously, she served as a senior advisor for Boston Consulting Group from January 2023 to June 2023 and as Chief Financial Officer for Nordstrom, Inc. until her departure from Nordstrom in December 2022. Prior to Nordstrom, she served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Avery Dennison Corporation, from 2015 until she joined Nordstrom in 2017, responsible for financial strategy and operations, including the audit, financial reporting, investor relations, planning and analysis, information technology, tax and treasury functions. Prior to joining Avery Dennison, she worked at Carnival Cruise Line, the largest division of Carnival Corporation, from 2010 to 2015, serving as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer responsible for all financial and accounting functions, as well as shoreside human resources and information technology. Prior to joining Carnival, she spent six years at L Brands, Inc. serving in various senior finance roles, including as Vice President Assistant Treasurer - Mergers, Acquisitions and Capital Markets before assuming the position of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Henri Bendel, a subsidiary of L Brands, Inc., in 2008. The McCormick Board of Directors has determined that Ms. Bramman is an "audit committee financial expert" under the rules of the SEC. Ms. Bramman currently serves on the board of directors of Morningstar Inc. (NASDAQ: MORN). MICHAEL A. CONWAY Age: 59 Director since: 2015 Independent Committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance Skills and Qualifications Highlights: Strategic Leadership and Financial Literacy Consumer Marketing Experience Management Experience in International Operations Executive Experience at Publicly Traded Company Other Public Company Directorships Held during the Past 5 Years: Versant Media Group, Inc. (current) Mr. Conway s qualifications include (i) senior executive experience at a publicly traded multinational company, (ii) consumer marketing experience, (iii) general management experience in international operations, and (iv) senior executive responsibility for a global consumer packaged foods business, a particular knowledge of the business, markets and customers in which McCormick operates. Mr. Conway is the former Chief Executive Officer of Starbucks North America, a position he held from April 2024 until his retirement in November 2024. Previously, he served in a variety of executive roles at Starbucks Corporation, which is a publicly traded multinational company, including Group President, International and Channel Development from 2021 to April 2024, Executive Vice President and President, International Licensed Markets from 2020 to 2021, Executive Vice President and President, Canada from 2018 to 2020, President, Licensed Stores, U.S. and Latin America from 2016 to 2018 and President, Global Channel Development from 2013 to 2016 responsible for all commercial and business strategy functions and expanding into emerging international markets. Prior to joining Starbucks, he worked at Johnson Johnson from 2004 to 2013, serving as worldwide President of McNeil Nutritional, a division of Johnson Johnson from 2010 to 2013; and worked at the Campbell Soup Company from 1994 to 2004, serving as Vice President for the Adult Simple Meals Division of the Campbell Soup Company from 2003 to 2004. Mr. Conway currently serves on the board of directors of Versant Media Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: VSNT). McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Directors Board Membership and Effectiveness RICHARD A. DIERKER Age: 46 Director since: 2026 Independent Committees: Audit Skills and Qualifications Highlights: Strategic Leadership and Financial Literacy Merger, Acquisition and/or Joint Venture Experience Management Experience in International Operations Executive Experience at Publicly Traded Company Other Public Company Directorships Held during the Past 5 Years: Church Dwight Co. Inc. (current) Mr. Dierker's qualifications include (i) senior executive experience at a publicly traded multinational company, (ii) merger, acquisition and/or joint venture experience, (iii) general management experience in international operations, and (iv) senior executive responsibility for a global consumer packaged goods business. Since April 2025, Mr. Dierker has served as the President, Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors at Church Dwight Co., Inc. ("Church Dwight")(NYSE: CHD), which manufactures and markets a broad portfolio of household, personal care and specialty products. Prior to his current position, Mr. Dierker held various roles at Church Dwight, including: Executive Vice President and Head of Business Operations (March to April 2025); Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Head of Business Operations (April 2022 to March 2025); and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (January 2016 to April 2022). Prior to January 2016, Mr. Dierker held various roles in finance, supply chain, financial planning and analysis and investor relations. Before joining Church Dwight, Mr. Dierker held a senior financial management role at Alpharma, Inc., a global specialty pharmaceutical company, and various financial and business development leadership positions at Ingersoll-Rand Ltd., a diversified industrial manufacturer. BRENDAN M. FOLEY Age: 60 Director since: 2023 Committees: None Skills and Qualifications Highlights: Strategic Leadership and Financial Literacy Knowledge of the Food Industry Merger, Acquisition and/or Joint Venture Expertise Management Experience in International Operations Other Public Company Directorships Held during the Past 5 Years: Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. (current) Mr. Foley s qualifications include (i) senior executive experience at a publicly traded multinational company, (ii) consumer marketing experience, (iii) a detailed knowledge of the food industry, (iv) general management experience in international operations, and (v) strategic leadership of a large, complex organization. Mr. Foley currently serves as our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer (since January 2025). His prior roles with McCormick have been: President and Chief Executive Officer (September 2023 to December 2024); Chief Operating Officer and President (2022 to 2023); President, Global Consumer, Americas Asia (2020 to 2022); President, Global Consumer and Americas (2017 to 2020); President, Global Consumer and North America (2016 to 2017); President, North America (2015 to 2016); President, U.S. Consumer Foods Division (2014 to 2015). Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Foley served as President, North American Zone (2013 to 2014); President, U.S. Consumer Products (2012 to 2013); and President, U.S. Food Service (2008 to 2012) with the H.J. Heinz Co. In his present role, Mr. Foley is responsible for the strategic leadership of the Company. He has extensive knowledge of consumer goods marketing in general, with a specific knowledge of the business, markets, and customers within the food industry in particular, and has hands-on experience in directing the day-to-day operations of our large, multi-faceted, consumer and flavor solutions foods business. Mr. Foley currently serves on the board of Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. (NYSE FBIN). 14 McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement Directors Board Membership and Effectiveness GAVIN D. HATTERSLEY Age: 63 Director since: 2026 Independent Committees: Compensation and Human Capital Skills and Qualifications Highlights: Strategic Leadership and Financial Literacy Merger, Acquisition and/or Joint Venture Experience Management Experience in International Operations Executive Experience at Publicly Traded Company Other Public Company Directorships Held during the Past 5 Years: Zoetis Inc. (current) Molson Coors Beverage Company Mr. Hattersley's qualifications include (i) senior executive experience at a publicly traded multinational company, (ii) merger, acquisition and/or joint venture experience, (iii) general management experience in international operations, and (iv) senior executive responsibility for a global consumer beverage business. Mr. Hattersley most recently served as President and Chief Executive Officer at Molson Coors Beverage Company, a position he held from September 2019 until his retirement in October 2025. Prior to his retirement, Mr. Hattersley served in a variety of executive roles, including: President and Chief Executive Officer of MillerCoors, where he lead the joint venture between SABMiller and Molson Coors through its acquisition and integration into Molson Coors (2016 to 2019); Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Miller Coors (2008 to 2015); and Chief Financial Officer of SABMiller (2002 to 2008). Earlier in his career, Mr. Hattersley held financial leadership roles with South African Breweries Ltd., Barloworld Ltd., one of South Africa s largest industrial conglomerates, and as a Senior Auditor at Fisher Hoffman Sithole. Mr. Hattersley currently serves on the board of directors of Zoetis Inc. (NYSE: ZTS). MICHAEL D. MANGAN Age: 69 Director since: 2007 Independent Lead Director Committees: Compensation and Human Capital Nominating and Corporate Governance Skills and Qualifications Highlights: Strategic Leadership and Financial Literacy Consumer Marketing Experience Executive Experience at a Publicly Traded Company Management Experience in International Operations Other Public Company Directorships Held during the Past 5 Years: Nutrisystem, Inc. Mr. Mangan s qualifications include (i) senior executive experience at a publicly traded multinational company, (ii) consumer marketing experience, (iii) a high level of financial literacy, and (iv) general management experience in international operations. Mr. Mangan served as the President of the Worldwide Power Tools and Accessories (WPTA) group of The Black Decker Corporation until its acquisition in 2010 by The Stanley Works. In that role he provided strategic leadership of the WPTA group, and had oversight over the consumer marketing activities of that group in the international consumer marketplace. Service as President of the WPTA group, and past service as the Chief Financial Officer of The Black Decker Corporation, broadened Mr. Mangan s international experience and provided an in-depth understanding of the company s key international markets. Service as the Chief Financial Officer of the Black Decker Corporation, and prior service as the Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer of The Ryland Group, Inc., included responsibilities for overseeing the performance of those companies public accountants in the preparation, auditing and evaluation of financial statements, business planning, corporate finance and investments, internal controls, and information systems. McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Directors Board Membership and Effectiveness MARGARET M.V. PRESTON Age: 68 Director since: 2003 Independent Committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (Chair) Skills and Qualifications Highlights: Strategic Leadership and Financial Literacy Experience in International Operations Merger, Acquisition and/or Joint Venture Expertise Experience Aligning Compensation with Performance Other Public Company Directorships Held during the Past 5 Years: Otis Worldwide Corporation (current) Ms. Preston s qualifications include (i) senior executive experience at a publicly traded multinational company, (ii) strategic leadership at a large, complex organization, (iii) a high level of financial literacy, and (iv) experience in mergers and acquisitions. Ms. Preston currently serves as a Managing Director at Cohen Klingenstein LLC since coming out of retirement to join the company in September 2021. Previously, she served as Managing Director of TD Bank Private Wealth Management, Global Chief Financial Officer of Deutsche Bank, Private Wealth Management, Global Chief Operating Officer of Deutsche Bank Asset Management, and Managing Director and Regional Executive of US Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management, which roles afforded her the opportunity to provide financial oversight, risk management, and strategic leadership and direction to those organizations, until her retirement in 2019. Prior to that, she served as Chief Operating Officer of the Investment Bank of BT Alex. Brown, and earlier as Treasurer and Investment Banking Managing Director at Alex. Brown Sons Incorporated. Ms. Preston currently serves on the board of Otis Worldwide Corporation (NYSE: OTIS). GARY M. RODKIN Age: 73 Director since: 2017 Independent Committees: Compensation and Human Capital Skills and Qualifications Highlights: Strategic Leadership and Financial Literacy Consumer Marketing Experience Merger, Acquisition and/or Joint Venture Expertise Executive Experience at Publicly Traded Company Other Public Company Directorships Held during the Past 5 Years: Simon Property Group, Inc. (current) Mr. Rodkin s qualifications include (i) senior executive experience at a publicly traded multinational company, (ii) consumer marketing experience, (iii) a detailed knowledge of the food industry, (iv) strategic leadership of a large, complex organization, and (v) experience in mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Rodkin is a seasoned and successful former Chief Executive Officer who has led major consumer products goods businesses and companies. Most recently, Mr. Rodkin served as the Chief Executive Officer of ConAgra Foods, Inc. from 2005 to 2015, where he transformed ConAgra from a holding company into one unified business with a balanced portfolio of consumer, commercial and private-brand businesses and strong operating capabilities. Prior to joining ConAgra, Mr. Rodkin served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Beverages and Food division at PepsiCo, Inc., where he was accountable for two lines of business, PepsiCo Beverages North America and Quaker Foods North America. Previously, Mr. Rodkin spent sixteen years with General Mills, Inc. in a variety of management roles. Mr. Rodkin currently serves on the board of Simon Property Group, Inc. (NYSE: SPG), an equity real estate investment trust, as well as on the non-profit boards of Feeding America, a hunger-relief charity, as Chairman, and as the Vice Chairman of the Board of Overseers for Rutgers University. Mr. Rodkin is a Fellow of Executive Education at Harvard Business School, and an Executive in Residence at Rutgers University. 16 McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement Directors Board Membership and Effectiveness VALARIE L. SHEPPARD Age: 62 Director since: 2024 Independent Committees: Audit Skills and Qualifications Highlights: Strategic Leadership and Financial Literacy Management Experience in International Operations Merger, Acquisition and/or Joint Venture Expertise Executive Experience at Publicly Traded Company Other Public Company Directorships Held during the Past 5 Years: Ibotta Inc. (current) Sovos Brands, Inc. Ms. Sheppard s qualifications include (i) senior executive experience at a publicly traded multinational company, (ii) strategic leadership at a large, complex organization, (iii) general management in international operations, (iv) experience in mergers and acquisitions, and (v) a high level of financial literacy. Ms. Sheppard has over 30 years of experience across a broad range of roles in accounting, treasury, and finance functions at both the corporate and operating levels. Ms. Sheppard most recently served as the Interim Chief Financial Officer of Ibotta, Inc., a leading provider of digital promotions for consumer packaged goods brands, from March to September 2025 while the company recruited a new CFO. Earlier Ms. Sheppard served as Executive Vice President, Controller and Treasurer of the Procter Gamble Company from 2019 to 2021. Prior to that Ms. Sheppard served as Senior Vice President, Comptroller and Treasurer (2013 to 2019), as well as various other senior finance roles in corporate and operating units in both the U.S. and foreign units, for the Procter Gamble Company. Ms. Sheppard s experience provides her with a high degree of financial knowledge and literacy and the McCormick Board of Directors has determined that Ms. Sheppard is an "audit committee financial expert" under the rules of the SEC. Ms. Sheppard has served on the board of directors of various companies and currently serves on the board of Ibotta Inc. (NYSE: IBTA). JACQUES TAPIERO Age: 67 Director since: 2012 Independent Committees: Compensation and Human Capital Skills and Qualifications Highlights: Strategic Leadership and Financial Literacy Experience in International Operations Executive Experience at Publicly Traded Company Experience Aligning Compensation with Performance Other Public Company Directorships Held during the Past 5 Years: None Mr. Tapiero s qualifications include (i) senior executive experience at a publicly traded multinational company, (ii) general management experience in international operations, and (iii) strategic leadership at a large, complex organization. Mr. Tapiero served as Senior Vice President and President, Emerging Markets of Eli Lilly and Company, the Indianapolis, Indiana-based global pharmaceutical company, from 2009 until his retirement from that company on January 31, 2014, after 31 years of service. He was also a member of the Executive Committee of Eli Lilly. The Emerging Markets Business Unit focused on many of the organization s fastest growing markets, such as China, Russia, Brazil, Mexico, South Korea and Turkey, and Mr. Tapiero was responsible for Lilly s business in more than 70 countries. Prior to becoming President, Emerging Markets, Mr. Tapiero held the position of President of the Intercontinental Region for Lilly, with operations in Asia, Australia, Africa, the Middle East, Canada, Latin America and Russia (2004 to 2009). He also served as President and General Manager of Lilly France (2000 to 2004); President and General Manager of Eli Lilly do Brasil Ltd (1995 to 1999); and Managing Director of Lilly Sweden (1993 to 1995). Mr. Tapiero joined Lilly in 1983 as a financial analyst, and held several financial management, sales and marketing management positions in the United States, Switzerland and France. Mr. Tapiero is the lead director of Esteve Spain (a pharmaceuticals and contract manufacturing company). McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Directors Board Membership and Effectiveness TERRY S. THOMAS Age: 56 Director since: 2024 Independent Committees: Audit Skills and Qualifications Highlights: Strategic Leadership and Financial Literacy Experience in International Operations Executive Experience at Publicly Traded Company Consumer Marketing Experience Other Public Company Directorships Held during the Past 5 Years: Flowers Foods, Inc. Mr. Thomas' qualifications include (i) senior executive experience at a publicly traded multinational company, (ii) consumer marketing experience, (iii) a detailed knowledge of the consumer packaged goods and food industries, (iv) strategic leadership of a large, complex organization, and (v) experience in mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Thomas has more than 30 years of domestic and global experience in the consumer packaged goods industry, spanning multiple channels and categories. Since August 2023, he has served as the Chief Growth Officer of Flowers Foods, Inc. (NYSE: FLO), one of the largest manufacturers of packaged baked goods in North America. Mr. Thomas oversees a portfolio of brands across North America and leads numerous functions, including marketing, sales, revenue management, food service, research and development, innovation, e-commerce, corporate strategy, and mergers and acquisitions. Before his appointment as an executive officer at Flowers Foods, Inc., Mr. Thomas served on the board of directors from 2020 to 2023, where he was a member of the audit committee. Prior to Flowers Foods, Inc., Mr. Thomas worked at Unilever plc for 10 years (2013 to August 2023), holding various executive roles, including U.S. Chief Customer Officer and Senior Vice President of U.S. Grocery Channel, until his appointment as the Global Chief Customer Officer (Personal Care) in 2022. While working for Unilever plc, Mr. Thomas also served as a member of the Unilever Global Diversity and Inclusion board, where he played a significant role in setting the vision and implementing Unilever s diversity agenda. 18 McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement Directors Board Leadership Board Leadership The Company's Board of Directors is led by our Chairman, Brendan M. Foley, who is also our President and CEO. McCormick has historically combined the roles of Chairman and CEO, although we combine or separate the roles based on the needs of the Company and its stockholders at any particular time. The Board of Directors believes that the Company currently is well served by a combined CEO and Chairman structure, as it provides a bridge between management and the Board, thus helping to ensure that both act with commonality of purpose with efficient communication between them. The Board believes that the CEO is in the best position to bring key business issues and stockholder interests to the Board s attention, given his in-depth understanding of the Company and its operations. This structure also helps ensure accountability for the actions and strategic direction of the Company, and ensures that the Company presents its message and strategy to stockholders, employees and customers with a unified voice. The Board also has the position of Lead Director who provides additional independent oversight of board matters in our current structure where the Chairman is not an independent director. The selection of a Lead Director is meant to facilitate, and not to inhibit, communication among the directors or between any of them and the Chairman and CEO. Accordingly, directors are encouraged to continue to communicate among themselves and directly with the Chairman and CEO. The independent directors, meeting in executive session in November 2009, selected Michael D. Mangan to serve as the Lead Director, and he continues to act in that role. Mr. Mangan's service as the Lead Director has provided leadership for the independent directors and ensured independent oversight of management and the affairs of the Company, including the Board's oversight of the Company's strategic direction and operational risks. Mr. Mangan draws on his business leadership, corporate strategic planning, and governance expertise to (i) provide strong, independent board leadership; (ii) ensure board effectiveness by fostering active discussion and collaboration among the independent directors on the Board; and (iii) serve as an effective liaison with management. The duties of the Lead Director are to (i) preside at executive sessions of the Board, and brief the Chairman and CEO, as needed, following such sessions; (ii) preside at meetings of the Board where the Chairman is not present; (iii) call meetings of the independent directors; (iv) provide input on Board agendas and meeting schedules; (v) provide feedback to the Chairman and CEO on the quality of information received from management; and (vi) participate with the Chairman and CEO, and the other members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in interviewing Board candidates. In addition, the Lead Director may provide input on the design of the Board itself, and shall be available for consultation and direct communication at the request of major stockholders. The Lead Director position has a two-year term, which may be extended as determined by the Board from time to time. In March 2024, the Board determined to extend Mr. Mangan s role as the Lead Director for another two-year term. In April 2026, the Board is expected to appoint a Lead Director. The Board believes the combined Chairman and CEO structure, coupled with an independent Lead Director, the use of regular executive sessions of the non-management Directors, and the substantial majority of independent directors comprising the Board, allows the Board to maintain effective and independent oversight of the Company. Board Committees The Board of Directors has appointed the following Board Committees: Audit Committee The Charter of the Audit Committee provides that the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to: the integrity of McCormick s financial statements, the financial reporting process, and the systems of internal accounting and financial controls; the performance of McCormick s internal audit function; the appointment, engagement and performance of McCormick s independent registered public accounting firm and the evaluation of the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence; compliance with McCormick s business ethics and confidential information policies and legal and regulatory requirements, including McCormick s disclosure controls and procedures; and the evaluation of the enterprise risk management process, including cyber risks. In so doing, it is the responsibility of the Audit Committee to maintain free and open communication between the Committee, the independent registered public accounting firm, the internal auditors, and management of McCormick and to resolve any disagreements between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting. The Committee also performs other duties and responsibilities set forth in a written Charter approved by the Board of Directors. The Charter of the Audit Committee is available on McCormick s Investor Relations website at ir.mccormick.com under Governance, then "Committees and Charters," then Audit Committee Charter. McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Directors Board Committees The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board of Directors have determined that all members of the Audit Committee satisfy the independence requirements of the NYSE s Listing Standards, the rules of the SEC, and McCormick s Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Board of Directors has also determined that three of the four members of the Audit Committee qualify as an audit committee financial expert under SEC rules. Compensation and Human Capital Committee The CHCC has the following principal duties and responsibilities: reviewing McCormick s executive compensation programs to ensure that they (i) effectively motivate the CEO and other executive officers to achieve our financial goals and strategic objectives; (ii) properly align the interests of these employees with the long-term interests of our stockholders; and (iii) are sufficiently competitive to attract and retain the executive resources necessary for the successful management of our businesses; overseeing McCormick's strategies and policies related to key human resources policies and practices; reviewing trends in executive compensation, overseeing the development of new compensation plans (including performance-based, equity-based, and other incentive programs, as well as salary, bonus and deferred compensation arrangements) and, when appropriate, making recommendations to the Board regarding revisions to existing plans and/or approving revisions to such plans; annually reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to McCormick s CEO and other executive officers, evaluating the performance of such individuals against those goals and objectives, and approving the compensation for such individuals; annually evaluating the relationship between the Company s overall compensation policies and practices and risk; annually evaluating the compensation of the members of the Board; and reviewing McCormick s management succession plan for the CEO and other executive officers. The Committee is also responsible for performing other duties and responsibilities set forth in a written Charter approved by the Board of Directors. The Charter of the Committee is available on McCormick s Investor Relations website at ir.mccormick.com under Governance, then "Committees and Charters," then Compensation and Human Capital Committee Charter. Pursuant to its Charter, the Committee has the authority to delegate certain of its responsibilities to a subcommittee; however, to date no such delegation has been made. The Committee has the authority to administer McCormick s equity plans for the CEO and other executive officers. The Committee is responsible for all determinations with respect to participation, the form, amount and timing of any awards to be granted to any such participants, and the payment of any such awards. All members of the Committee qualify as independent directors under McCormick s Corporate Governance Guidelines and the NYSE s Listing Standards, and as non-employee directors and outside directors for the purposes set forth in the Committee s Charter. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has the following principal duties and responsibilities: developing and implementing McCormick's Corporate Governance Guidelines; establishing criteria for the selection of nominees for election to the Board, and identifying and recommending qualified individuals to serve as members of the Board; evaluating and making recommendations regarding the size and composition of the Board and its Committees (including making determinations concerning the composition of the Board and its Committees under the applicable requirements of the SEC and the NYSE); developing and implementing a process to annually assess the effectiveness of the Board and its Committees; reviewing the Company's political contributions, related strategies and the Company's Political Activity Policy; and overseeing McCormick's sustainability programs relating to environmental matters, except to the extent reserved for the full Board or another committee of the Board. The Committee is also responsible for performing other duties and responsibilities set forth in a written Charter approved by the Board of Directors. The Charter of the Committee and McCormick s Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on McCormick s Investor Relations website at ir.mccormick.com under Governance, then "Committees and Charters," then Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter and under "Governance," then "Corporate Governance Guidelines," respectively. All members of the Committee qualify as independent directors under McCormick s Corporate Governance Guidelines and the NYSE Listing Standards. 20 McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement Directors Committee Membership and Meetings Committee Membership and Meetings The table below shows the current members of each Committee and the number of meetings held by each Committee in fiscal 2025. Name Audit Compensation and Human Capital Nominating and Corporate Governance Anne L. Bramman Chair Michael A. Conway Richard A. Dierker (1) Gavin D. Hattersley (2) Michael D. Mangan (3) Maritza G. Montiel Margaret M.V. Preston Chair Gary M. Rodkin (4) Valarie L. Sheppard Jacques Tapiero Terry S. Thomas W. Anthony Vernon Chair Number of Committee Meetings Held in Fiscal 2025 8 9 4 (1) Effective February 1, 2026, Mr. Dierker became a member of the Audit Committee upon his appointment to the Board of Directors. (2) Effective February 1, 2026, Mr. Hattersley became a member of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee upon his appointment to the Board of Directors. (3) Lead Director. (4) Mr. Rodkin ceased serving on the Audit Committee and joined the Compensation and Human Capital Committee following the March 2025 Board meeting. Director Attendance at Meetings During fiscal 2025, there were six regular meetings and one special meeting of the Board. Each incumbent director who served on the Board during fiscal 2025 attended at least 75% of the total number of meetings of the Board and each of the Board Committees on which he or she served during fiscal 2025 since being appointed to the Board. Although there is no policy requiring Board members to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, all Board members are encouraged to attend and typically do so. All members of the Board attended last year's Annual Meeting of Stockholders. McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Directors Risk Oversight Risk Oversight A summary of the allocation of general risk oversight functions among management, the Board and its Committees is as follows: BOARD OF DIRECTORS Continuous oversight of overall risks, with emphasis on strategic risks, as well as reputational and operational risks, along with oversight of the Company s risk management and risk mitigation processes at both the full Board and Board Committee levels AUDIT COMMITTEE COMPENSATION AND HUMAN CAPITAL COMMITTEE NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Oversees the risk management process, with an emphasis on risk management processes related to financial reporting, internal controls, financial and cyber risks Oversees compensation policies, practices and incentive-related risks, organizational talent and culture, and management succession risks; and risks related to key human relations policies and practices Oversees governance structure, Board composition and succession risks; and risks relating to environment, social, and governance matters MANAGEMENT Responsible for the day-to-day management of the risks facing the Company Board of Directors The full Board and each Board Committee assesses the Company s strategic direction and operational risks throughout the year. Each of our directors has, and leverages his/her experience with, enterprise risk management ("ERM") programs (through operations or via board/committee oversight), including strategic, financial, operational and commercial risks, as well as cybersecurity risk oversight. While the Board and each Board Committee oversees key risk areas, management is charged with the day-to-day management of risk. The Company has robust internal processes and an effective internal control environment that facilitate the identification and management of risks and regular communication with the Board. These processes include (i) a robust ERM program that is designed to identify and assess risks that may have a significant impact on the Company, (ii) regular internal risk management meetings, (iii) operating risk owners with accountability for risk management activities, (iv) codes of conduct, (v) a strong legal department and ethics and compliance program and (vi) a comprehensive internal and external audit process. The Board also encourages management to promote a corporate culture that incorporates risk management into the Company s corporate strategy and day-to-day business operations. 22 McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement Directors Risk Oversight In addition, management regularly provides the Board with reviews of, and updates on, the strategic risk assessment and mitigation actions, which highlights key enterprise risks and major trends that may impact business functions and the Company s overall risk profile, with recommendations for responsive action on enterprise risks. These plans and related risks are monitored throughout the year as part of the regular financial, operating and performance reports given to the Board and Board Committees by management. McCormick's Chief Risk Officer, who reports to the Company's CFO, works with Company personnel representing multiple functional and regional areas within the Company to provide broad oversight of the process and our enterprise risks. In addition to helping assess enterprise risk issues and major trends that may impact business functions, operating units, and the Company's overall risk profile, the strategic risk management process also entails (i) reviewing the Company's enterprise risk management framework, including risk identification and assessment, and recommending responsive actions on enterprise risk issues, as needed, which recommendations take into account the immediacy of the risk assessed; and (ii) discussing the quality of business processes and practices at the Company, and reviewing how the Company will achieve its objectives within the enterprise risk framework. Management and the Board and Board Committees also engage outside advisors where appropriate to assist in the identification, oversight, evaluation and management of the risks facing the Company. These outside advisors include the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, external legal counsel and insurance providers, and the independent executive and non-employee director compensation consultant retained by the CHCC. The Board believes that its current level of independence, leadership structure and qualifications and skills and experiences of its members facilitate the effective identification, oversight, evaluation and management of risk. The Lead Director meets regularly with the other independent directors without management to discuss current and potential risks and the means of mitigating those risks, and has the authority to direct and evaluate the Company's risk management efforts. Management and the Board and Board Committees view their respective risk management roles, and the collaboration amongst them in the identification, oversight, evaluation and management of risk, as paramount to the Company's short-term viability and long-term sustainability. Audit Committee The Board has designated the Audit Committee to take the lead in overseeing the risk management process, with an emphasis on risk management processes related to financial reporting, internal controls, financial and cyber risks. The Audit Committee provides regular reports to the Board regarding briefings by management and advisors regarding the adequacy of the Company s risk management process. Compensation and Human Capital Committee The CHCC considers the relationship between the Company s compensation policies and practices for all employees and risk, including whether such policies and practices encourage imprudent risk taking, and/or would be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. In performing its responsibilities, the Committee receives regular reports on compensation matters from management and from the Committee s independent compensation consultant. In 2025, the CHCC evaluated the current risk profile of our executive and broad-based compensation programs, as discussed below in Performance-Based Compensation and Risk. Additionally, the CHCC reviewed the Company s incentive plans (executive and broad-based) to determine if any practices might encourage excessive risk taking on the part of senior executives. The Committee noted features of the Company s incentive plans (executive and broad-based) that mitigate risk, including the use of multiple measures in our annual and long-term incentive plans, CHCC discretion in payment of incentives in the executive plans, compensation mix and balance, payment caps, significant stock ownership guidelines, and our clawback policies. In light of these analyses, the CHCC believes that the Company s compensation programs (executive and broad-based) provide multiple effective safeguards designed to protect against undue risk. The Committee is also responsible for overseeing human capital management practices, including review of related human capital disclosure in the Company's Form 10-K for each fiscal year. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees risks related to corporate governance and Board composition and succession. The Committee establishes criteria (for approval of the Board) for the selection of nominees for election to the Board, and reviews, evaluates and makes recommendations to the Board about its Committee structure, Board composition, succession risks and operations to ensure a commitment to effective governance. The Committee also has oversight of risks related to environmental, social and governance matters. McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Directors Stock Ownership and Service on Other Boards Stock Ownership and Service on Other Boards Similar to the policy in place for our executive officers, non-management directors are subject to stock ownership guidelines adopted by the CHCC in 2004. Pursuant to the stock ownership guidelines, each non-management director is expected to acquire, within five years after his or her election to the Board, a number of shares having a value at least equal to five times the annual retainer paid to such member for service on the Board. The annual retainer was $100,000 during 2025. The annual retainer is paid in quarterly installments with the first quarterly installment upon election to the Board being paid in Common Stock to assist in meeting the Company s stock ownership expectations (subsequent quarterly payments are paid in cash). Such ownership must thereafter be maintained while serving on the Board. Shares considered in assessing compliance include any shares which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the director. This includes any cash or RSUs deferred under the arrangements described above but does not include shares available under vested but unexercised options. Stock ownership is reviewed annually by the CHCC. Based on the closing price of the Common Stock on the Record Date, all nominees are currently in compliance with the stock ownership guidelines or on track to meet them within the required timeframe, other than Mr. Dierker and Mr. Hattersley, who joined the Board in February 2026 and who have until January 2031 to meet the requirements. Ms. Bramman has not disposed of any Company stock since joining the Board, however, her holdings did not meet the guidelines by the five year deadline of January 2025 and, as a result, the CHCC instituted a requirement that Ms. Bramman hold all Company stock until such time as her holdings meet the guidelines. As of the date of this proxy statement, Ms. Bramman has satisfied the stock ownership requirements. No director of the Company may serve on the boards of more than four other publicly traded companies while also serving on McCormick s Board; however, if such director also serves as the Company s CEO then he/she is further limited to serving on only one other board of a publicly traded company while also serving on McCormick s Board. All nominees are currently in compliance with this Board membership requirement. Compensation and Human Capital Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation No member of the CHCC is, or during fiscal 2025 was, an officer or an employee of McCormick or any of its subsidiaries, and no Committee member has any interlocking relationship with McCormick which is required to be reported under applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. For a discussion of insider participation in certain transactions, see Procedure Regarding Transactions with a Related Person above. Compensation of Directors* The following table sets forth the compensation earned by the non-management directors for services rendered during the fiscal year ended November 30, 2025: Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2)(3) Option Awards ($) Total ($) Anne L. Bramman 125,000 170,027 295,027 Michael A. Conway 100,000 170,027 270,027 Richard A. Dierker (4) Gavin D. Hattersley (5) Lawrence E. Kurzius (6) 25,000 396,000 421,000 Patricia Little (7) 25,000 25,000 Michael D. Mangan 130,000 170,027 300,027 Maritza G. Montiel 100,000 170,027 270,027 Margaret M.V. Preston 120,000 170,027 290,027 Gary M. Rodkin 100,000 170,027 270,027 Valarie Sheppard 100,000 170,027 270,027 Jacques Tapiero 100,000 170,027 270,027 Terry S. Thomas 100,000 170,027 270,027 W. Anthony Vernon 120,000 170,027 290,027 * Brendan M. Foley, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, is a member of the Board of Directors and was also an executive officer of the Company during fiscal 2025. Mr. Foley's compensation for fiscal 2025 is set forth below under "Compensation of Executive Officers". 24 McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement Directors Compensation of Directors (1) Amounts shown include fees deferred at the election of the director, pursuant to the Company's Non-Qualified Retirement Savings Plan, as follows: Ms. Bramman $125,000; Ms. Preston - $120,000; and Mr. Tapiero $100,000. (2) Amounts shown represent the aggregate grant date fair values computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 for each director. Awards include grants of RSUs (Stock Awards) under the 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended (the "2022 Plan"). For a discussion of the assumptions used in determining these values, see Note 11 to our 2025 financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2025. (3) Amounts shown include RSUs granted in 2025 and deferred at the election of the following directors: Ms. Bramman - $170,027, Ms. Montiel - $170,027 and Ms. Preston - $170,027. (4) Mr. Dierker did not earn any compensation as a non-management director in fiscal 2025 as he did not become a member of the Board of Directors until February 1, 2026. (5) Mr. Hattersley did not earn any compensation as a non-management director in fiscal 2025 as he did not become a member of the Board of Directors until February 1, 2026. (6) Mr. Kurzius retired from the Board as of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on March 26, 2025. Mr. Kurzius's compensation includes the customary retainer fee for directors in the first quarter of 2025 as well as an RSU grant made on December 2, 2024, scaled at one-quarter of the value of his fiscal 2024 equity award received as Executive Chairman. (7) Ms. Little retired from the Board as of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on March 26, 2025. Options and RSUs The following chart sets forth the number of exercisable and unexercisable options (exercisable for Common Stock and Common Stock Non-Voting, as indicated) and unvested RSUs held by each non-management director that served during fiscal 2025, as of November 30, 2025: Exercisable Options Unexercisable Options Unvested RSUs Name Common Stock Common Stock Non-Voting Common Stock Common Stock Non-Voting Common Stock Common Stock Non-Voting Anne L. Bramman 17,336 2,222 Michael A. Conway 27,612 2,222 Richard A. Dierker (1) Gavin D. Hattersley (2) Lawrence E. Kurzius (3) 1,437,221 178,587 3,469 Patricia Little (4) 21,700 Michael D. Mangan 44,428 2,222 Maritza G. Montiel 21,700 2,222 Margaret M.V. Preston 23,248 2,222 Gary M. Rodkin 34,428 2,222 Valarie Sheppard 2,222 Jacques Tapiero 44,428 2,222 Terry S. Thomas 3,732 2,222 W. Anthony Vernon 34,132 2,222 (1) Mr. Dierker does not have any exercisable or unexercisable options or unvested RSUs for services rendered during fiscal 2025 as he did not become a member of the Board of Directors until February 1, 2026. (2) Mr. Hattersley does not have any exercisable or unexercisable options or unvested RSUs for services rendered during fiscal 2025 as he did not become a member of the Board of Directors until February 1, 2026. (3) Mr. Kurzius retired from the Board as of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on March 26, 2025. (4) Ms. Little retired from the Board as of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on March 26, 2025. McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Directors Compensation of Directors Narrative to the Director Compensation Tables Directors who are employees of McCormick do not receive any fees for their service as a director. The cash components of non-management director compensation for fiscal 2025 were paid in equal quarterly installments and were comprised of: (i) an annual retainer of $100,000, with the first quarterly installment upon election to the Board paid in Common Stock and subsequent quarterly payments paid in cash; (ii) for a director who serves as the Lead Director an additional annual retainer of $30,000, (iii) for a director who serves as Chair of the Audit Committee an additional retainer of $25,000, (iv) for a director who serves as Chair of the CHCC, an additional annual retainer of $20,000; and (v) for a director who serves as Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee an additional retainer of $20,000. In addition, in fiscal 2025, non-management directors also received an annual RSU grant in whole shares approximating the value of $170,000. The RSUs vest in full on February 15 of the year following the year in which the grant date occurs, provided that the director continues to serve on the Board until such date. All outstanding RSUs vest and any previously awarded outstanding stock options become fully exercisable in the event of disability or death of the participant, or a change in control of McCormick, while the director is serving on the Board. Directors are eligible to participate in the McCormick Non-Qualified Retirement Savings Plan. Pursuant to this plan, directors may elect to defer anywhere from 10% to 100% of their cash Board fees. McCormick makes no contributions to the Directors Non-Qualified Retirement Savings Plan accounts. For all plan participants, including directors, the deferred amounts are recorded in a notional deferred compensation account and change in value based upon the gains and losses of benchmark fund alternatives (one of which tracks the performance of McCormick stock) selected by the participant. Plan participants may generally elect to change their fund choices at any time (there are certain restrictions applicable to participants subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act). Director participants may elect the deferred amounts plus earnings to be distributed either six months following retirement from the Board or on an interim distribution date. Distributions upon retirement are paid in either a lump-sum or in 5-, 10-, 15- or 20-year installments, based on the director s distribution election. Interim distributions are paid on a lump-sum basis and must occur at least four years from the date of the deferral election. If a director leaves the Board prior to the interim distribution date, then his or her plan balance will be paid as indicated in the retirement distribution election. Participants may make a change to their distribution election subject to the requirements of the plan and Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. Amounts deferred under the Non-Qualified Retirement Savings Plan are held in a rabbi trust and remain subject to the claims of McCormick s creditors until they are paid. Prior to the grant of RSUs, directors may elect to defer receipt of the underlying Common Stock upon vesting. If the director so elects, the director will not receive voting rights or dividends on the Common Stock until the deferral period expires, which is a date specified by the director or six months after the director s departure from the Board; provided however, beginning with RSU grants made in fiscal 2023, directors who elect to defer receipt of the underlying Common Stock will receive dividends upon vesting, but will still not receive voting rights until the deferral period expires. At the expiration of the deferral period, the director becomes the owner of the underlying Common Stock. 26 McCORMICK COMPANY, INCORPORATED = 2026 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors Director Nominees The persons listed in the following tab