=== MKC_2026-01-22.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The following are certain risk factors that could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These risk factors should be considered in connection with evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K because these factors could cause the actual results and conditions to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. Before you buy our Common Stock or Common Stock Non-Voting, you should know that making such an investment involves risks, including the risks described below. It is not possible for management to predict all such risks, nor can management assess the impact of all such risks on our business or the extent to which any risk, or combination of risks, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or are currently deemed to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations in the future. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be negatively affected. In that case, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you may lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Company, Business and Operations Deterioration of global economic conditions, an economic recession or slow growth, periods of inflation, or economic uncertainty in our key markets may adversely affect customer and consumer spending as well as demand for our products. Global economic conditions can be uncertain and volatile. Our business and results of operations have in the past been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by changes in global economic conditions including inflation, changes in prevailing interest rates, the impact of any U.S. federal government shutdown, changes in governmental rules and approaches to taxation, challenges in global supply chains including new or increased tariffs or trade restrictions, fluctuations in foreign currency interest rates, availability of capital markets, consumer spending rates, energy availability and costs, the negative impacts caused by pandemics and other local and global public health issues and the effect of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. As global economic conditions 6 continue to be volatile or economic uncertainty remains, trends in consumer spending also remain unpredictable and subject to reductions due to credit constraints and uncertainties about the future. We are a manufacturer and distributor of flavor products. As such, many of our products are purchased by our customers based on end-user demand from consumers. Some of the factors that may influence consumer spending include general economic conditions, high levels of unemployment, pandemics and public health crises, higher consumer debt levels, reductions in net worth based on market declines and uncertainty, home foreclosures and reductions in home values, fluctuating interest and foreign currency exchange rates and credit availability, fluctuating fuel and other energy costs, fluctuating commodity prices, inflationary pressure, tax rates and general uncertainty regarding the overall future economic environment. Unfavorable economic conditions may lead customers and consumers to delay or reduce purchases of our products. Consumer demand for our products may not reach our targets, or may decline, when there is an economic downturn or economic uncertainty in our key markets. Our sensitivity to economic cycles and any related fluctuation in customer and consumer demand may have a material negative impact on our business, financial conditions or results of operations. Damage to our reputation or brand name, loss of brand relevance, increase in use of private label or other competitive brands by customers or consumers, competitive pressures in marketing and technology, or product quality or safety concerns could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. We have many iconic brands with long-standing consumer recognition. Our success depends on our ability to maintain our brand image for our existing products, extend our brands to new platforms, and expand our brand image with new product offerings. We continually make efforts to maintain and improve relationships with our customers and consumers and to increase awareness and relevance of our brands through effective marketing and other measures. From time to time, our customers reevaluate their mix of product offerings, and consumers have the option to purchase private label or other competitive products instead of our branded products. In the event that we are unable to supply our products to customers in the time frame and quantities that they desire, whether due to increased demand or other factors, our customers may discontinue all or a portion of their purchases from us and source competitive brands. Certain competitors may also be more successful at utilizing data analytics, artificial intelligence, and other new and emerging technologies and digital experiences as part of their advertising practices. We must also be able to respond successfully to technological advances (including artificial intelligence and machine learning, which may become critical in interpreting consumer preferences in the future), and failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and negatively impact our product sales. If a significant portion of our branded business was switched to private label or competitive products, it could have a material negative impact on our Consumer segment. Our reputation for manufacturing high-quality products is widely recognized. In order to safeguard that reputation, we have adopted rigorous quality assurance and quality control procedures which are designed to ensure the safety of our products. A serious breach of our quality assurance or quality control procedures, deterioration of our quality image, impairment of our customer or consumer relationships or failure to adequately protect the relevance of our brands may lead to litigation, customers purchasing from our competitors or consumers purchasing other brands or private label items that may or may not be manufactured by us, any of which could have a material negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The food industry generally is subject to risks posed by food spoilage and contamination, product tampering, product recall, import alerts and consumer product liability claims. For instance, we may be required to recall certain of our products should they be mislabeled, contaminated or damaged. Additionally, certain of our raw materials could be blocked from entering the country if they were subject to government-imposed actions. We have and may continue to become involved in lawsuits and legal proceedings if it is alleged that the consumption of any of our products could cause injury or illness, or that any of our products are mislabeled or fail to meet applicable legal requirements (even if the allegation is untrue). A product recall, import alert or an adverse result in any such litigation, or negative perceptions regarding food products and ingredients, could result in our having to pay fines or damages, incur additional costs or cause customers and consumers in our principal markets to lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain products or ingredients, any of which could have a negative effect on our business or financial results and, depending upon the significance of the affected product, that negative effect could be material to our business or financial results. Negative publicity about these concerns, whether or not valid, may discourage customers and consumers from buying our products or cause disruptions in production or distribution of our products and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 7 The rising popularity of social networking and other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination (whether or not accurate), and, as a result, negative, inaccurate, or misleading posts or comments on websites may generate adverse publicity that could damage our reputation or brands. Customer consolidation, consumer behaviors, and competitive, economic and other pressures facing our customers, may impact our financial condition or results of operations. A number of our customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs and food distributors, have consolidated in recent years and consolidation could continue. Such consolidation could present a challenge to margin growth and profitability in that it has produced large, sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced inventories; resisting price increases; demanding lower pricing, increased promotional programs and specifically tailored products; and shifting shelf space currently used for our products to private label and other competitive products. The economic and competitive landscape for our customers is constantly changing, such as the emergence of new sales channels like e-commerce, and our customers' responses to those changes could impact our business. The continued growth of e-commerce, which has encouraged the entry of new competitors and business models, and its impact of consumer habits and preferences has accelerated in many of the markets we serve and our financial results may be impacted if we are unable to adapt to changing consumer preferences and market dynamics. In addition, our Flavor Solutions segment may be impacted if the reputation or perception of the customers of our Flavor Solutions segment declines. These factors could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The inability to maintain mutually beneficial relationships with large customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have a number of major customers, including two large customers that, in the aggregate, constituted approximately 24% of consolidated sales in 2025. The loss of either of these large customers due to events beyond our control, or a material negative change in our relationship with these large customers or other major customers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Issues regarding procurement of raw materials may negatively impact us. Our purchases of raw materials are subject to fluctuations in market price and availability caused by inflationary pressures, weather, growing and harvesting conditions, climate change, market conditions, governmental actions including global trade policies and other factors beyond our control, including outbreaks of illnesses, pandemics or other local or global health issues. The most significant raw materials used by us in our business are dairy products, pepper, garlic, onion, capsicums (red peppers and paprika), salt, tomato products, sugar, and soybean oil. While future price movements of raw material costs are uncertain, we seek to mitigate the market price risk in a number of ways, including strategic raw material purchases, purchases of raw material for future delivery, customer price adjustments and cost savings from our CCI program and other streamlining initiatives. In addition, we enter into financial hedging derivative transactions based on forecasted soybean oil purchases. Other than the soybean oil hedging transactions, we generally have not used derivatives to manage the volatility related to this risk. Any actions we take in response to market price fluctuations may not effectively limit or eliminate our exposure to changes in raw material prices. Therefore, we cannot provide assurance that future raw material price fluctuations will not have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. In addition, we may have very little opportunity to mitigate the risk of availability of certain raw materials due to the effect of weather on crop yield, fire, natural disasters, growing and harvesting conditions, government actions, political unrest in producing countries, action or inaction by suppliers in response to laws and regulations, changes in agricultural programs and other factors beyond our control. Therefore, we cannot provide assurance that future raw material availability will not have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. Political, socio-economic, cultural, and geopolitical conditions, as well as disruptions caused by terrorist activities or otherwise, could also create additional risks for regulatory compliance. Although we have adopted rigorous quality assurance and quality control procedures which are designed to ensure the safety of our imported products, we cannot provide assurance that such events will not have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. 8 Changes in global trade policies have impacted and may continue to impact our financial condition or results of operations. Changes in global trade policies, including tariffs, have caused inflationary pressures and higher costs on certain raw materials and imports. These actions have impacted our business through increased costs and uncertainty. If maintained, the tariffs, as well as related measures that have been taken and which could be taken by other countries in the future could pose a risk to our business and results of operations. The extent and duration of the tariffs and the resulting impact on general economic conditions and on our business are uncertain and depend on various factors, such as legal challenges to the applicability of these tariffs, negotiations between affected countries, the responses of other countries or regions, exemptions, exclusions or other relief that may be granted, availability and cost of alternative sources of supply, and demand for our products in affected markets. Our attempts to offset these pressures through supply chain management initiatives and increases in the selling prices of some of our products may not be successful or may result in reductions in sales volume. To the extent these actions are not sufficient to offset increase costs or result in significant decreases in sales volume, our business, financial condition, or operating results may be adversely affected. Disruption of our supply chain could adversely affect our business. Our ability to make, move, and sell products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to or reduction or termination of raw material supplies or our manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather, climate change, natural disaster, fire, international disputes, geopolitical tensions or conflict, terrorism, cyber-attack, health epidemics, pandemics or other contagious outbreaks, governmental restrictions or mandates, strikes, import/export restrictions, global trade policies, or other factors could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. Production of certain of our products is highly concentrated, and some are manufactured at a single location. The failure of third parties on which we rely, including those third parties who supply our ingredients, packaging, capital equipment and other necessary operating materials, contract manufacturers, commercial transport, distributors, contractors, and external business partners, to meet their obligations to us, or significant disruptions in their ability to do so, may negatively impact our operations. Our suppliers’ policies and practices can damage our reputation and the quality and safety of our products. Disputes with significant suppliers, including disputes regarding pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply products to our customers and could materially and adversely affect our sales, financial condition, and results of operations. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, particularly when a product is manufactured from a single location, could adversely affect our business and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to restore our supply chain. Moreover, short term or sustained increases in consumer demand at our customers may exceed our production capacity or otherwise strain our supply chain. Our failure to meet the demand for our products could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our results of operations can be adversely affected by labor shortages, turnover and labor cost increases or any failure to effectively manage changes in our workforce. Labor is a primary component of operating our business. A number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us or increase labor costs such as hybrid or remote work arrangements, higher unemployment subsidies, other government regulations and general macroeconomic factors. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates and employee benefits costs to attract and retain employees and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our manufacturing and distribution facilities and overall business. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability, such as overtime and third-party outsourcing, have negative effects, our business could be adversely affected. In addition, we distribute our products and receive raw materials primarily by truck. Reduced availability of trucking capacity due to shortages of drivers has caused an increase in the cost of transportation for us and our suppliers. An overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. 9 We may not be able to increase prices to fully offset inflationary and other pressures on costs, such as raw and packaging materials, labor and distribution costs, which may impact our financial condition or results of operations. As a manufacturer and distributor of flavor products, we rely on raw materials, packaging materials, plant labor, distribution resources, and transportation providers. We have experienced inflation of commodity and supply chain costs, including the costs of raw materials, packaging materials, labor, energy, fuel, transportation and other inputs necessary for the production and distribution of our products, and we expect inflation to continue in 2026 at a similar level to that experienced in 2025 . I n addition, many of these materials and costs are subject to price fluctuations from a number of factors, including, but not limited to, market conditions, demand for raw materials, weather, growing and harvesting conditions, climate change, energy costs, currency fluctuations, supplier capacities, governmental actions, import and export requirements, global trade policies (including tariffs and retaliatory measures), armed hostilities (including the ongoing geopolitical conflicts) and other factors beyond our control. Our attempts to offset these cost pressures, such as through increases in the selling prices of some of our products, may not be successful. Higher product prices may result in reductions in sales volume. Consumers may be less willing to pay a price differential for our branded products and may increasingly purchase lower-priced offerings, or may forego some purchases altogether, during an economic downturn or times of increased inflationary pressure. To the extent that price increases are not sufficient to offset these increased costs adequately or in a timely manner, and/or if they result in significant decreases in sales volume, our business, financial condition or operating results may be adversely affected. Furthermore, we may not be able to fully offset any cost increases through our productivity or efficiency initiatives. Our profitability may suffer as a result of competition in our markets. The food industry is intensely competitive. Competition in our product categories is based on price, product innovation, product quality, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing and promotional activity, and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences. Weak economic conditions, recessions, significant inflation and other factors, such as pandemics, could affect consumer preferences and demand. From time to time, we may need to reduce the prices for some of our products to respond to competitive and customer pressures, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty or significant inflation, which may adversely affect our profitability. Such pressures could reduce our ability to take appropriate remedial action to address commodity and other cost increases. Changing political and geopolitical conditions, including conflicts and the related implications may negatively impact our operations. Changes in the political conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products, as well as changing geopolitical conditions, including conflicts, may be difficult to predict and may adversely affect our business and financial results. Results of elections, referendums, sanctions or other political processes and pressures in certain markets in which our products are manufactured, sold or distributed have created and could continue to create uncertainty regarding how existing governmental policies, laws and regulations may change, including with respect to sanctions, taxes, tariffs, import and export controls and the general movement of goods, materials, services, capital, data and people between countries. The global economy has been negatively impacted by changing political and geopolitical conditions, including conflicts. Our business, financial condition and results of operations have been impacted in the past and may be impacted in the future by disruptions in the global economy associated with these changes in political and geopolitical conditions. Geopolitical instability has, and could result in, a negative impact on our ability to sell to, ship products to, collect payments from, and support customers in certain regions based on trade restrictions, embargoes and export control law restrictions, and logistics restrictions, and could increase the costs, risks and adverse impacts from supply chain and logistical challenges. The scope and duration of such conflicts are uncertain, rapidly changing, and hard to predict. While we expect the impacts of these conflicts to continue to have an effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, we are unable to predict the extent or nature of these impacts at this time. Further changes in political and geopolitical conditions, including increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, could result in, among other things, cyberattacks, supply disruptions, lower consumer demand, and changes to foreign exchange rates and financial markets, any of which may adversely affect our business and supply chain operations. In addition, the effects of these political and geopolitical conditions could also heighten many of the other risk factors described herein. 10 Our operations may be impaired as a result of disasters, business interruptions or similar events. We could have an interruption in our business, loss of inventory or data, or be rendered unable to accept and fulfill customer orders as a result of a natural disaster, catastrophic event, epidemic, computer system failure, or cyber-attack. Natural disasters could include an earthquake, fire, floods, drought, tornado, hurricane or severe storm. A catastrophic event could include a terrorist attack. A health epidemic, pandemic, or other contagious outbreak could affect our operations, major facilities or employees’ and consumers’ health. In addition, some of our inventory and production facilities are located in areas that are susceptible to harsh weather; a severe storm, flood, wildfires, heavy snowfall or other similar event could prevent us from delivering products in a timely manner and negatively impact consumer spending and demand in affected areas. Production of certain of our products is highly concentrated, and some are manufactured at a single location. We cannot provide assurance that our disaster recovery plan will address all of the issues we may encounter in the event of a disaster or other unanticipated issue, and our business interruption insurance may not adequately compensate us for losses that may occur from any of the foregoing. In the event that a natural disaster, terrorist attack or other catastrophic event were to destroy any part of our facilities or interrupt our operations for any extended period of time, or prevent us from delivering products in a timely manner, our business, financial condition or operating results could be adversely affected. We may not be able to successfully consummate and manage ongoing acquisition, joint venture and divestiture activities which could have an impact on our results. From time to time, we may, based on an evaluation of our business portfolio, acquire other businesses and/or divest existing businesses. These acquisitions, such as the additional 25% incremental ownership acquired in McCormick de Mexico on January 2, 2026, joint ventures and divestitures may present financial, managerial and operational challenges, including diversion of management attention from existing businesses, difficulty with integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, increased expenses and raw material costs, assumption of unknown liabilities and indemnities, and potential disputes with the buyers or sellers. In addition, we may be required to incur asset impairment charges (including charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets) in connection with acquired businesses, which may reduce our profitability. If we are unable to consummate such transactions, or successfully integrate and grow acquisitions and achieve contemplated revenue synergies and cost savings, our financial results could be adversely affected. Additionally, joint ventures inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, thereby potentially increasing the financial, legal, operational, and/or compliance risks. An impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets could adversely affect our results. As of November 30, 2025, we had approximately $5.3 billion of goodwill and approximately $3.0 billion of other indefinite-lived intangible assets. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized but are tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. We test goodwill at the reporting unit level by comparing the carrying value of the net assets of the reporting unit, including goodwill, to the unit's fair value. Similarly, we test indefinite-lived intangible assets by comparing the fair value of those assets to their carrying values. If the carrying values of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible assets exceed their fair value, the goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets are considered impaired and reduced to their estimated fair value. Factors that could result in an impairment include a change in revenue growth rates, operating margins, weighted average cost of capital, future economic and market conditions, higher income tax rates, or assumed royalty rates. The impairment of our goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets would have a negative impact on our consolidated results of operations. Streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and improve our competitiveness may have a negative effect on employee relations. We regularly evaluate whether to implement changes to our organization structure to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and improve our competitiveness, and we expect to continue to evaluate such actions in the future. From time to time, those changes are of such significance that we may transfer production from one manufacturing facility to another; transfer certain selling and administrative functions from one location to another; eliminate certain manufacturing, selling and administrative positions; and exit certain businesses or lines of business. These actions may result in a deterioration of employee relations at the impacted locations or elsewhere in our business. 11 If we are unable to fully realize the benefits from our CCI program or streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve our competitiveness, our financial results could be negatively affected. Our future success depends in part on our ability to be an efficient producer in a highly competitive industry, including our plan to eliminate costs under our CCI program. Any failure by us to achieve our planned cost savings and efficiencies under our CCI program, an ongoing initiative to improve productivity and reduce costs throughout the organization, or other similar programs, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position. Fluctuations in foreign currency markets may negatively impact us. We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency in the following main areas: cash flows related to raw material purchases; the translation of foreign currency earnings to U.S. dollars; the effects of foreign curr

=== MKC_2026-06-25.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A (Risk Factors) to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2025. In addition, the level and quality of our earnings, operations, business and management, among other things, will impact the determination of our credit ratings by credit rating agencies. A decrease in the ratings assigned to us may negatively impact our access to the debt capital markets and increase our cost of borrowing. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any future required financing on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain the current credit worthiness or prospective credit rating of the combined company. Any actual or anticipated changes, or adverse conditions in the debt capital markets, could: • adversely affect the trading price of, or market for, our debt securities; • increase interest expense under our existing debt; • increase the cost of, and adversely affect our ability to refinance, our existing debt; and • adversely affect our ability to raise additional debt. The issuance of our common stock in connection with the proposed transaction will dilute the ownership interests of our existing shareholders. Investors holding our shares prior to the completion of proposed transaction will, in the aggregate, have a significantly reduced ownership and voting interest in the combined company after the proposed transaction and will exercise less influence over management. As a result of the proposed transaction, and subject to Unilever not electing to dispose of its interest in the combined company under the Merger Agreement, our existing shareholders are expected to own approximately 35.0% of the combined company, with current Unilever shareholders expected to own approximately 55.1% and Unilever retaining up to approximately 9.9%, subject to a one-year lock-up period. This significant dilution in ownership will reduce the ability of holders of our voting securities to influence our management and policies after closing of the proposed transaction, and could have an adverse effect on the trading price of our securities. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS During the three months ended May 31, 2026, we did not purchase any of our Common Stock (CS) and Common Stock Non-Voting (CSNV). As of May 31, 2026, approximately $403 million remained of the $600 million share repurchase authorization approved by the Board of Directors in November 2019. The timing and amount of any shares repurchased is determined by our management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. In certain circumstances, we issue shares of CS in exchange for shares of CSNV, or issue shares of CSNV in exchange for shares of CS, in either case pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Typically, these exchanges are made in connection with the administration of our employee benefit plans, executive compensation programs and dividend reinvestment/direct purchase plans or at the request of holders of common stock. The number of shares issued in an exchange is generally equal to the number of shares received in the exchange, although th e number may differ slightly to the extent necessary to comply with the requirements of the Employee Retirement 50 Table of Contents Income Security Act of 1974. During the second quarter of 2026, we issued 118,280 shares of CSNV in exchange for shares of CS and issued 6,341 shares of CS in exchange for shares of CSNV. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION None of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the quarterly period covered by this report. Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers On June 22, 2026, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors determined that, subject to the consummation of the transactions under the Merger Agreement, in the event that one of the Company’s named executive officers is terminated by the Company other than for cause or the named executive officer resigns for good reason (each as defined in the Company’s Severance Plan for Executives (the “Severance Plan”)) during the period beginning six months before the Closing Date and ending two years after the Closing Date, the named executive officer will, subject to the terms and conditions in Section 4.1 of the Severance Plan, be entitled to the benefits under Sections 4.2(a)(2), 4.5(b), 4.6, 4.7(b) and 4.8 of the Severance Plan in lieu of the benefits under Sections 4.2(a)(1), 4.5(a) and 4.7(a) of the Severance Plan. In addition, on June 24, 2026, each of the Company’s named executive officers (other than Mr. Foley) entered into a retention award agreement providing for a special one-time cash retention award of $1,000,000, 50% of which will vest on the Closing Date and 50% of which will vest on the six-month anniversary of the Closing Date, subject to the named executive officer’s continued employment through each such vesting date. If the named executive officer’s employment is terminated due to his or her death or disability, or following the Closing Date by the Company other than for cause, subject to an effective release of claims, the unvested portion of the retention award will fully vest and become payable. The foregoing description of the Severance Plan determination is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the Severance Plan, which is filed as Exhibit 10(xix) to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2015, and the description of the retention awards is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the form of retention award agreement, which will be filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ending August 31, 2026. This disclosure is intended to satisfy the requirements of Item 5.02(e) of Form 8-K. 51 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS The following exhibits are attached or incorporated herein by reference: Exhibit Number Description (2) (i) Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 31, 2026, by and among Unilever PLC, Unilever Alpha HoldCo B.V., Sandman Corporation, McCormick & Company, Incorporated, Morpheus Merger Sub I Corp. and Morpheus Merger Sub II, LLC, incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 of McCormick's Form 8-K/A, as amended, dated March 31, 2026, File No. 1-14920, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 6, 2026. (ii) Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2026, by and among Unilever PLC, Unilever Alpha HoldCo B.V., Sandman Corporation and McCormick & Company, Incorporated, incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.2 of McCormick's Form 8-K/A, as amended, dated March 31, 2026, File No. 1-14920, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 6, 2026. (iii) Term Loan Agreement, dated April 28, 2026, by and among McCormick, as borrower, the lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders, incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 of McCormick’s Form 8-K, dated April 28, 2026, File No. 1-14920, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 1, 2026. (3) (i) Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws Restatement of Charter of McCormick & Company, Incorporated dated April 16, 1990 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4 of Registration Form S-8, Registration No. 33-39582 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25, 1991. Articles of Amendment to Charter of McCormick & Company, Incorporated dated April 1, 1992 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4 of Registration Form S-8, Registration Statement No. 33-59842