=== BX_2026-02-27.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Difficult market, economic and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. Our business is materially affected by financial market and economic conditions and events throughout the world that are outside our control. We may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to these conditions and/or events. Such conditions and/or events can adversely affect our business in many ways, including reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, reducing the value or performance of our funds’ investments and making it more difficult for our funds to exit and realize value from existing investments. This could in turn materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. In addition, in the face of a difficult market or economic environment, we may need to reduce our fixed costs and other expenses in order to maintain profitability. This may include cutting back or eliminating the use of certain services or service providers, or terminating the employment of a significant number of our personnel that, in each case, could be important to our business and without which our operating results could be adversely affected. A failure to manage or reduce our costs and other expenses within a time frame sufficient to match any decrease in profitability would adversely affect our operating performance. Turmoil in the global financial markets can provoke significant volatility of equity and debt securities prices. This can have a material and rapid impact on our mark-to-market valuations, particularly with respect to our public holdings and credit investments. As publicly traded equity securities have in recent years represented a meaningful proportion of the assets of many of our funds, stock market volatility, including a sharp decline in the stock market, may adversely affect our results, including our revenues and net income. Moreover, our public equity holdings have at times been concentrated in a few large positions, thereby making our unrealized mark-to-market valuations particularly sensitive to sharp changes in the price of any of these positions. Further, although the equity markets are not the only means by which we exit investments, periods of challenging equity markets make it more difficult for our funds to realize value from investments. Geopolitical concerns and other global events outside of our control have contributed and may continue to contribute to volatile global equity and debt markets. These concerns and events include, without limitation, trade conflict, civil unrest, threats to national security, and national and international security events (including war, terrorist acts or other hostilities). Geopolitical instability has been prevalent in recent years, and 2025 was a year of significant geopolitical events, including, among others, trade tensions resulting from U.S. tariff implementation and retaliatory tariffs by other countries and ongoing armed conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine. Additionally, the economic outlook for 2026 remains uncertain. Gradual decreases in interest rates during 2025, coupled with resilience in the U.S. economy, contributed to improved investor sentiment, stronger capital markets and increased transaction activity toward the end of 2025. Nevertheless, inflation has remained above the U.S. Federal Reserve’s target level, and interest rates remain elevated. Uncertainty regarding the further trajectory of inflation and interest rates creates the potential for volatility in debt and equity markets. Such volatility can contribute to economic deceleration or contraction in the rate of growth in certain industries, sectors or geographies, and in turn, poor financial results for our funds’ portfolio companies or assets and lower investment returns for our funds. The valuations of our funds’ real estate assets, and fundraising in certain of our real estate strategies targeting high-net-worth investors, have been adversely impacted in recent years by elevated interest rates and a high, albeit declining, cost of capital. A slower-than-expected decrease in interest rates would continue to present a challenge to real estate valuations. Such factors are even more challenging in the life science office and traditional office market, as well as other properties with long-term leases that do not provide for short-term rent increases. This has adversely impacted, and may further adversely impact, the performance of certain of our real estate funds. 23 Table of Contents A period of economic slowdown, which may occur across one or more industries, sectors or geographies, creates operating performance challenges for certain of our funds’ investments, which could adversely affect our operating results and cash flows. Despite overall resilience in some geographies, many global economies have in recent years experienced periods of deceleration. Further economic deceleration or contraction in the rate of growth in certain industries, sectors or geographies may contribute to poor financial results for our funds’ portfolio companies or assets, which may result in lower investment returns for our funds. For example, periods of economic weakness have contributed and may in the future contribute to a decline in commodity prices and decreased consumer demand for certain goods and services, and/or volatility in the oil and natural gas markets, each of which would have an adverse effect on our energy and consumer investments. In addition, slowing growth in certain markets and real estate sectors with excess near-term supply, such as life science office and U.S. multifamily, has negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact the valuations of assets in such sectors in the near term. In addition, the governing agreements of our funds contain only limited requirements, if any, regarding diversification of fund investments (by, for example, sector or geographic region). Accordingly, to the extent our funds’ investments are concentrated in sectors or geographies that experience more challenging fundamentals, the impact on our funds may be exacerbated. Further, to the extent our funds’ investments are concentrated in sectors or geographies that have historically experienced strong fundamentals, an adverse shift in such fundamentals may make it more difficult for such funds to replicate their historic performance. For example, our real estate and infrastructure funds have in recent years substantially increased their exposure to digital infrastructure investments, which has supported strong performance for such funds. Such performance would be difficult to replicate if demand for digital infrastructure were substantially reduced, including as a result of economic slowdown or regulatory impediments. This could impact our ability to raise new funds, and adversely impact our operating results and cash flows. Sustained periods of high interest rates and challenging debt market conditions negatively impact the values of certain assets or investments and the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to access capital markets, which could adversely affect investment and realization opportunities, lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income. Following three consecutive rate cuts, the U.S. Federal Reserve held interest rates steady in January 2026 and noted, among other matters, that it would continue to assess and monitor incoming information in considering additional adjustments. Accordingly, uncertainty remains regarding the timing and extent of future interest rate decreases. Elevated interest rates have in recent years created downward pressure on the value of certain assets owned by our funds, including, among others, real estate and fixed-rate debt. A slower-than-expected decrease in interest rates would continue to present a challenge for the valuations of such assets, as well as for fundraising in certain of our strategies targeting high-net-worth investors. Relatedly, slower-than-expected interest rate decreases have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, the ability to realize value from certain investments, such as in certain real estate sectors, given the potential adverse impact on equity prices and caution on the part of potential acquirers. Conversely, in recent periods the performance of certain of our credit funds has benefited from elevated interest rates as a substantial majority of the portfolio is floating rate. Accordingly, a decline in interest rates and/or widening of credit spreads would make it more difficult for such funds to replicate such strong performance. In addition, elevated interest rates increase the cost of debt financing for the transactions our funds pursue. A significant contraction or weakening in the market for debt financing or other adverse change relating to the terms of debt financing (such as, for example, higher equity requirements and/or more restrictive covenants), particularly in the area of acquisition financings for private equity and real estate transactions, could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, a portion of the indebtedness used to finance certain fund investments often includes high-yield debt securities issued in the capital markets. Availability of capital from the high-yield debt markets is subject to significant volatility, and there may be times when we might not be able to access those markets at attractive rates, or at all, when completing an investment. 24 Table of Contents A decline in the pace or size of investments made by our funds may adversely affect our revenues. The revenues that we earn are driven in part by the pace at which our funds make investments and the size of those investments, and a decline in the pace or the size of such investments may reduce our revenues. In particular, in recent years we have meaningfully increased the number of perpetual capital vehicles we offer and the assets under management in such vehicles. This has also resulted in a substantial amount of capital available for deployment, including in such vehicles, and for which we must identify attractive deployment opportunities. The fees we earn from our perpetual capital vehicles represent a significant and growing portion of our overall revenues. If our funds, including our perpetual capital vehicles, are unable to deploy capital at a sufficient pace, our revenues would be adversely impacted. Many factors could cause a decline in the pace of investment, including a market environment characterized by high prices, the inability of our investment professionals to identify attractive investment opportunities, competition for such opportunities among other potential acquirers, decreased availability of financing on attractive terms or at all or decreased availability of investor capital, including as a result of a challenging fundraising environment or heightened investor requests for repurchases in certain vehicles. A number of our funds have invested and intend to continue to invest in large transactions or transactions that otherwise have substantial business, regulatory or legal complexity and may be more difficult to execute successfully than smaller or less complex investments. We may also fail to consummate identified investment opportunities because of regulatory or legal complexities or uncertainty and adverse developments in the U.S. or global economy, financial markets or geopolitical conditions. Additionally, our ability to deploy capital in certain countries may be adversely impacted by U.S. and foreign government policy changes and regulations. Any potential time delay associated with approval may make it more difficult for our funds to deploy capital, as well as to exit and realize value from investments. Further, U.S. and state legislative and regulatory bodies may impose restrictions on private funds’ investments in certain types of assets or industries, which could affect our funds’ ability to find attractive and diversified investments and to complete such investments in a timely manner. For example, certain states have, and others may in the future, increased state regulatory review measures of investments by private equity into the patient-facing healthcare industry. The U.S. Presidential administration issued an executive order in January 2026 seeking to restrict institutional investor ownership of single-family homes, and certain states have considered, and others may seek to enact, legislation aimed at doing so. Such policies and laws may impact the ability of our funds to invest in certain assets or sectors. In addition, the ability to deploy capital in China has been adversely impacted by policies and regulations in the U.S., which may be exacerbated prospectively. See “—Laws and regulations on foreign direct investment applicable to us and our funds’ portfolio companies, both within and outside the U.S., may make it more difficult for us to deploy capital in certain jurisdictions or to sell assets to certain buyers.” Our revenue, earnings, net income and cash flow can all vary materially due to our reliance on Performance Revenues, which may make it difficult for us to achieve steady earnings growth on a quarterly basis and may cause the price of our common stock to decline. Our revenue, earnings, net income and cash flow can all vary materially due to our reliance on Performance Revenues. We may experience fluctuations in our results, including our revenue and net income, from quarter to quarter due to a number of other factors. These include the timing of realizations, changes in the valuations of our funds’ investments, changes in the amount of distributions, dividends or interest paid in respect of investments, changes in our operating expenses and the degree to which we encounter competition. Each of these factors may be impacted by economic and market conditions. Achieving steady growth in net income and cash flow on a quarterly basis may be difficult, which could in turn lead to large adverse movements or general increased volatility in the price of our common stock. 25 Table of Contents For a number of our perpetual capital vehicles that have in recent years become increasingly large contributors to our earnings, incentive income is paid to us in varying frequencies, ranging from quarterly to every five years. This contributes to the volatility of our cash flow. Furthermore, we earn this incentive income only if the net asset value of a vehicle has increased or, in the case of certain vehicles, increased beyond a particular return threshold, or if the vehicle has earned a net profit. Certain of these vehicles also have “high water marks” whereby we do not earn incentive income during a particular period even though the vehicle had positive returns in such period as a result of losses in prior periods. If one of these vehicles experiences losses, we will not earn incentive income from it until it surpasses the previous high-water mark. The incentive income we earn is therefore dependent on the net asset value or the net profit of the vehicle, which could lead to significant volatility in our results. For our carry funds, we receive Performance Allocations only when investments are realized and achieve a certain preferred return. This also contributes to the volatility of our cash flow. Performance Allocations depend on our carry funds’ performance and opportunities for realizing gains, which may be limited. It takes a substantial period of time to realize the cash value (or other proceeds) of an investment. Even if an investment proves to be profitable, it may be a number of years before any profits can be realized, particularly if market conditions are unaccommodating. We cannot predict when, or if, any realization of investments will occur. In addition, the valuations of, and realization opportunities for, investments made by our funds, could also be subject to high volatility as a result of uncertainty or potential changes to governmental policy with respect to, among other things, tax, trade, immigration, healthcare, labor, infrastructure and energy. Prior to our receiving any Performance Allocations in respect of realization of a profitable investment, 100% of the proceeds of that investment must generally be paid to the investors in that carry fund until they have recovered certain fees and expenses and achieved a certain return on all realized investments by that carry fund as well as a recovery of any unrealized losses. A particular realization event may have a significant impact on our results for that particular quarter that may not be replicated in subsequent quarters. We recognize revenue on investments in our investment funds based on our allocable share of realized and unrealized gains (or losses) reported by such investment funds. A decline in realized or unrealized gains, or an increase in realized or unrealized losses, would adversely affect our revenue and possibly cash flow. This could further increase the volatility of our quarterly results. Because our carry funds have preferred return thresholds to investors that need to be met prior to our receiving any Performance Allocations, substantial declines in the carrying value of the investment portfolios of a carry fund can significantly delay or eliminate any Performance Allocations paid to us in respect of that fund because the value of the assets in the fund would need to recover to their aggregate cost basis plus the preferred return over time before we would be entitled to receive any Performance Allocations from that fund. The timing and receipt of Performance Allocations also varies with the life cycle of our carry funds. During periods in which a relatively large portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds and investments in their “harvesting” period, our carry funds would make larger distributions than in the fundraising or investment periods that precede harvesting. During periods in which a significant portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds that are not in their harvesting periods, we may receive substantially lower Performance Allocations. 26 Table of Contents Adverse economic and market conditions may adversely affect the amount of cash generated by our businesses, the value of our principal investments, and in turn, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. We primarily use cash to, without limitation (a) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing businesses, including funding our general partner and co-investment commitments to our funds and warehousing investments for our funds, (b) provide capital for business expansion, (c) pay operating expenses, including cash compensation to our employees, and other obligations as they arise, including servicing our debt and (d) pay dividends to our stockholders, make distributions to the holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and make repurchases under our share repurchase program. Our principal sources of cash are: (a) cash we received in connection with our prior bond offerings and other borrowings, (b) management fees, (c) realized incentive fees, (d) realized performance allocations and (e) $4.325 billion revolving credit facility with a final maturity date of October 16, 2030 (the “Revolving Credit Facility”). Our long-term debt totaled $12.4 billion in borrowings from our prior bond issuances. As of December 31, 2025, we had no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. In February 2026, we drew $900.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2025, we had $2.6 billion in Cash and Cash Equivalents, $359.7 million invested in Corporate Treasury Investments and $7.1 billion in Other Investments. If growth of the global economy decelerates, or conditions in the financing markets were challenged, the investment performance of our funds could suffer, resulting in, for example, the payment of decreased or no Performance Allocations to us. This could materially and adversely affect the amount of cash we have on hand, which could in turn require us to rely on other sources of cash. A decrease in the amount of cash we have on hand, or the unavailability of other sources of liquidity, such as debt capital markets or the Revolving Credit Facility, could also materially and adversely affect our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders and make repurchases under our share repurchase program. As a result, our uses of cash may exceed our sources of cash, thereby affecting our liquidity position. In addition, we have made and expect to continue to make significant principal investments in our current and future investment funds. We may lose some or the entire principal amount of these investments, including, without limitation, as a result of poor investment performance in a challenging economic and market environment. Our business depends in large part on our ability to raise capital from third-party investors. A failure to raise capital from third-party investors on attractive fee terms or at all, would impact our ability to collect management fees or deploy such capital into investments and potentially collect Performance Revenues, which would materially reduce our revenue and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition. Our ability to raise capital from third-party investors depends on a number of factors, such as economic, market (including the level of interest rates and stock market performance) and geopolitical conditions, and the asset allocation rules or investment policies to which such third-party investors are subject. These factors could inhibit or restrict the ability of third-party investors to make investments in our funds or make investment in certain asset classes or geographies less attractive to such investors. Market or currency volatility or perceived economic or geopolitical uncertainty or instability may contribute to decreased interest on the part of investors in allocating capital to certain asset classes or geographies in which our funds operate. Lawmakers across a number of states have put forth proposals or expressed intent to take steps to reduce or minimize the ability of their state pension funds to invest in alternative asset classes, including by proposing to increase the reporting or other obligations applicable to their state pension funds that invest in such asset classes. Such proposals or actions would potentially discourage investment by such state pension funds in alternative asset classes by imposing meaningful compliance burdens and costs on them, which could adversely affect our ability to raise capital from such state pension funds. Other states could potentially take similar actions, which may further impair our access to capital from an investor base that has historically represented a significant portion of our fundraising. In addition, volatility in the valuations of investments, has in the past and may in the future affect our ability to raise capital from third-party investors. To the extent periods of volatility are coupled with a lack of realizations from investors’ existing portfolios, such investors may be left with disproportionately outsized remaining commitments to a number of investment funds. This significantly limits such investors’ ability to make new commitments to third-party managed investment funds such as those managed by us. Further, during periods of market volatility, investor subscription requests may be reduced and investor redemption or repurchase requests may be elevated in products that permit redemption or repurchase of investor interests. See “—Investors in a number of our vehicles may withdraw their investments, and investors in certain of our vehicles may have a right to terminate our management of, or cause the dissolution of, such vehicles, which would lead to a decrease in our 27 Table of Contents revenues.” Conversely, in periods of positive market environments and low volatility, investors may favor passive investment strategies such as index funds over our actively managed investment vehicles. Similarly, during periods of high interest rates, investors may favor investments that are generally viewed as producing a risk-free return, such as treasury bonds, over investments in our products, particularly if the spread between the products declines. In addition, certain of our investment vehicles that are available to individual investors are subject to state registration requirements that impose limits on the proportion of such investors’ net worth that can be invested in our products. These restrictions may limit such investors’ ability or willingness to allocate capital to such products and adversely affect our fundraising in the retail channel. In addition, our ability to raise capital from third parties outside of the United States could be limited to the extent that other countries impose restrictions or limitations on outbound foreign investment. A failure to successfully raise capital could materially reduce our revenue and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition. In connection with raising new funds or making further investments in existing funds, we negotiate terms for such funds and investments with investors. The outcome of such negotiations could result in our agreement to terms that are materially less favorable to us than for prior funds we have managed or funds managed by our competitors, including with respect to management fees, incentive fees and/or carried interest, which could have an adverse impact on our revenues. Such terms could also add additional expenses and obligations for us in managing the fund or increase our potential liabilities, which could ultimately decrease our revenues. In addition, such terms could restrict our ability to raise investment funds with investment objectives or strategies that compete with existing funds, which could adversely impact our ability to expand our assets under management. The continued expansion of the number and types of investment products we offer in the individual investor channel may make it more difficult to fundraise from the institutional investor channel to the extent institutional investors have concerns regarding such expansion, including with respect to potential or perceived conflicts of interest. In addition, certain institutional investors may seek to condition a drawdown fund commitment on the imposition of limits on the ability of our individual investor channel-targeted funds to invest alongside such drawdown funds. Certain institutional investors, including sovereign wealth funds and public pension funds, have demonstrated an increased preference for alternatives to the traditional investment fund structure, such as managed accounts, smaller funds and co-investment vehicles. There can be no assurance that such alternatives will be as profitable for us as the traditional investment fund structure, or as to the impact such a trend could have on the cost of our operations or profitability if we were to implement these alternative investment structures. Although we have no obligation to modify any of our fees with respect to our existing funds, we may experience pressure to do so, including in response to regulatory focus by the SEC on the quantum and types of fees and expenses charged by private funds. We have confronted and expect to continue to confront requests from a variety of investors and groups representing investors to decrease fees, which could result in a reduction in the fees and Performance Revenues we earn. The asset management business is intensely competitive. Our asset management business competes with a number of private funds, specialized investment funds, funds structured for individual investors, hedge funds, funds of hedge funds and other sponsors managing pools of capital, as well as corporate buyers, traditional asset managers, commercial banks, investment banks and other financial institutions (including sovereign wealth funds). We expect that competition will continue to increase. For example, certain traditional asset managers have developed their own private equity and private wealth platforms and are marketing other asset allocation strategies as alternatives to hedge fund investments. A number of factors serve to increase our competitive risks: • a number of our competitors have greater financial, technical, research, marketing and other resources and more personnel than we do, • some of our funds may not perform as well as competitors’ funds or other available investment products, 28 Table of Contents • several of our competitors have significant amounts of capital, and many of them have similar investment objectives to ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities and may reduce the size and duration of pricing inefficiencies that many alternative investment strategies seek to exploit, • some of our competitors, particularly strategic competitors, may have a lower cost of capital, which may be exacerbated by limits on the deductibility of interest expense, • some of our competitors may have access to funding sources that are not available to us, which may create competitive disadvantages for us with respect to investment opportunities, • some of our competitors may be subject to less regulation and accordingly may have more flexibility to undertake and execute certain businesses or investments than we can and/or bear less compliance cost than we do, • some of our competitors may have more flexibility than us in raising certain types of investment funds under the investme

=== BX_2026-05-08.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors For a discussion of our potential risks and uncertainties, see the information under the heading “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 , as such factors may be updated from time to time in our subsequently filed reports, all of which are accessible on the United States Securities and Exchange Commission’s website at www.sec.gov. See “Part I. Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Business Environment” in this report for a discussion of the conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions affecting our businesses. This discussion updates, and should be read together with, the risk factor entitled “Difficult market and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition.” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our subsequently filed periodic reports are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds The following table sets forth information regarding repurchases of shares of our common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2026: $ $ $ $ Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (a) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (Dollars in Thousands) (a) Jan. 1 - Jan. 31, 2026 — $ — — $ 1,689,675 Feb. 1 - Feb. 28, 2026 142,107 $ 126.81 142,107 $ 1,671,654 Mar. 1 - Mar. 31, 2026 57,893 $ 110.14 57,893 $ 1,665,277 200,000 200,000 (a) On July 16, 2024, Blackstone’s board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $2.0 billion of common stock and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Under the repurchase program, repurchases may be made from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, 126 price and economic and market conditions. The repurchase program may be changed, suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date. See “Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements — Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 13. Earnings Per Share and Stockholders’ Equity — Share Repurchase Program” and “Part I. Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Share Repurchase Program” for further information regarding this repurchase program. As permitted by our policies and procedures governing transactions in our securities by our directors, executive officers and other employees, from time to time some of these persons may establish plans or arrangements complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, and similar plans and arrangements relating to our common stock and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not applicable. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information Not applicable. Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 31.1* Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 31.2* Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 32.1** Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2** Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS* Inline XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema with Embedded Linkbases. 104* Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). * Filed herewith. ** Furnished herewith. 127 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 128 Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Date: May 8, 2026 Blackstone Inc. /s/ Michael S. Chae Name: Michael S. Chae Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Authorized Signatory) 129 