=== BX_2026-02-27.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Risks Related to Our Business Our business could be adversely affected by difficult market, economic and geopolitical conditions, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our operating results and financial prospects and condition. A slower than expected decrease in interest rates and other challenges in the financial markets could negatively impact the values of certain assets or investments and the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to access the capital markets, which could adversely affect investment and realization opportunities. A decline in the pace or size of investments made by, or poor performance of, our funds may adversely affect our revenues and obligate us to repay Performance Allocations previously paid to us, and could adversely affect our ability to raise capital. Our revenue, earnings, net income and cash flow can all vary materially, which may make it difficult for us to achieve steady earnings growth on a quarterly basis. The asset management business depends in large part on our ability to raise capital from third-party investors and is intensely competitive. Our business could be adversely affected by the loss of services from our co-founder and other key senior managing directors and personnel or future difficulty in recruiting and retaining professionals. Changes in U.S. and foreign taxation of businesses and other tax laws, regulations or treaties could adversely affect us, including by adversely impacting our effective tax rate and tax liability. Cybersecurity or other operational risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business and damage to our reputation, and subject us to regulatory actions, increased costs and financial losses. 2 Table of Contents Technological developments in artificial intelligence could disrupt the markets in which we and our portfolio companies operate and subject us to increased competition, legal and regulatory risks and compliance costs. Extensive regulation of our businesses affects our activities, creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties, may make it more difficult for us to deploy capital in certain jurisdictions or sell assets to certain buyers, and could result in additional burdens on our business. We are subject to increasing scrutiny from regulators and certain investors with respect to sustainability matters, including climate change, and the impacts of investments made by our funds. Climate change, climate change-related regulation and sustainability concerns could adversely affect our businesses and the operations of our portfolio companies, and any actions we take or fail to take in response to such matters could damage our reputation. Employee misconduct could impair our ability to attract and retain clients and subject us to legal liability and reputational harm. Fraud, deceptive practices or other misconduct at portfolio companies or service providers could similarly subject us to liability and reputational damage and harm performance. We are subject to substantial litigation risks and may face significant liabilities and damage to our reputation as a result of allegations of improper conduct and negative publicity. Certain policies and procedures implemented to mitigate potential conflicts of interest and other risk management activities may reduce the synergies across our various businesses, and failure to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest could damage our reputation and adversely affect our businesses. Valuation methodologies can be subject to a significant degree of subjectivity and judgment, and the expected fair value of assets may never be realized. We may be unable to consummate or successfully integrate development opportunities or increase the number and type of investment products, including those offered to retail investors and insurance companies. Our underwriting activities, borrowings for our operations and dependence on significant leverage in investments by our funds exposes us to risks. Investors may have certain redemption, termination or dissolution rights or may not satisfy their contractual obligation to fund capital calls when requested by us. Certain of our investment funds may invest in securities of companies that rank junior to others investments or are experiencing significant financial or business difficulties, exposing us to greater risk of loss. Investments in certain assets and industries, such as digital and other infrastructure, energy and real estate, may expose us to risks inherent to those assets and industries, including environmental liabilities and increased operational, construction, regulatory and market risks. Our funds and our performance may be adversely affected by inaccurate financial projections of our funds portfolio companies, contingent liabilities, counterparty defaults or forced disposal of investments at a disadvantageous time. Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure The significant voting power of holders of our Series I preferred stock and Series II preferred stock may limit the ability of holders of our common stock to influence our business. We are not required to comply with certain provisions of U.S. securities laws relating to proxy statements and, as a controlled company, certain requirements of the New York Stock Exchange. 3 Table of Contents Our certificate of incorporation provides the Series II Preferred Stockholder with certain rights that may affect or conflict with the interests of the other stockholders and could materially alter our operations. We are required to pay our senior managing directors for most of the benefits relating to certain additional tax depreciation or amortization deductions we may claim. If Blackstone Inc. were deemed an investment company under the 1940 Act, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated. Risks Related to Our Common Stock The price of our common stock may decline due to the large number of shares of common stock eligible for future sale and exchange. Our certificate of incorporation provides us with a right to acquire all of the then outstanding shares of common stock under specified circumstances. Our bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or U.S. federal district courts, as applicable, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings. In this report, references to Blackstone, the Company, we, us or our refer to Blackstone Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Series I Preferred Stockholder refers to Blackstone Partners L.L.C., the holder of the sole outstanding share of our Series I preferred stock. Series II Preferred Stockholder refers to Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., the holder of the sole outstanding share of our Series II preferred stock. Blackstone Holdings, Blackstone Holdings Partnerships or Holdings Partnerships refer to Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., collectively. Blackstone Funds, our funds and our investment funds refer to the funds and other vehicles that are managed by Blackstone. Our carry funds refers to funds managed by Blackstone that have commitment-based multi-year drawdown structures that pay carry on the realization of an investment. Our hedge funds refers to our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, certain of our real estate debt investment funds and certain other credit-focused funds which are managed by Blackstone. We refer to our separately managed accounts as SMAs. Total Assets Under Management refers to the invested and available capital in Blackstone-managed or advised vehicles (including, without limitation, investment funds and SMAs). The Total Assets Under Management attributable to an individual vehicle is dependent on the structure and investment strategy of such vehicle and accordingly, will vary from vehicle to vehicle. Total Assets Under Management generally equals the sum of the following across Blackstone-managed or advised vehicles, as applicable: (a) a vehicle s invested capital at fair value which, as applicable, is measured as (1) total investments measured at fair value, or gross asset values, each of which may include the fair value of investments purchased with leverage under certain credit facilities, (2) net asset value, or (3) amount of debt and equity outstanding or aggregate par amount of assets, including principal cash for collateralized loan obligation vehicles ( CLOs ), and 4 Table of Contents (b) a vehicle s available capital, if any, which represents (1) uncalled commitments made by investors and (2) available borrowing capacity under certain credit facilities. Uncalled commitments represent the capital we are entitled to call from investors pursuant to the terms of their respective capital commitments, including capital commitments to funds that have yet to commence their investment periods. Drawdown funds, perpetual capital vehicles, co-investment vehicles, and SMAs can each be structured with a commitment from an investor that is called over time as opposed to fully funded upon subscription. Assets may be raised in one vehicle or business unit and subsequently invested in or managed or advised by another vehicle or business unit. Total Assets Under Management are reported in the segment where the assets are managed. Our measurement of Total Assets Under Management includes commitments to, and the fair value of, invested capital in our funds from Blackstone and our personnel. Our calculation of Total Assets Under Management may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. Our definition of Total Assets Under Management differs from the manner in which affiliated investment advisors report regulatory assets under management and may differ from the definition set forth in the agreements governing the vehicles we manage or advise. Fee-Earning Assets Under Management refers to the portion of Total Assets Under Management on which we are entitled to earn management fees and/or performance revenues. The Fee-Earning Assets Under Management attributable to an individual vehicle is driven by the basis on which fees are earned and accordingly, will vary from vehicle to vehicle. Fee-Earning Assets Under Management generally equals the sum of the following across Blackstone-managed or advised vehicles, as applicable: (a) net asset value, (b) committed capital and remaining invested capital during the investment period and post-investment period, respectively, (c) invested capital (including leverage to the extent management fee-eligible), (d) gross asset value, (e) fair value of investments, or (f) the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, of CLOs. Assets may be raised in one vehicle or business unit and subsequently invested in or managed or advised by another vehicle or business unit. Fee-Earning Assets Under Management are reported in the segment where the Total Assets Under Management are reported to the extent fee-paying to Blackstone. While Fee-Earning Assets Under Management generally reflects Total Assets Under Management on which we are entitled to earn management fees, Fee-Earning Assets Under Management may also include Total Assets Under Management on which we are entitled to earn only performance revenues. Our calculation of Fee-Earning Assets Under Management may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. Our definition of Fee-Earning Assets Under Management may differ from the definition set forth in the agreements governing the vehicles that we manage or advise. Perpetual Capital refers to the component of assets under management with an indefinite term, that is not in liquidation, and for which there is no requirement to return capital to investors through redemption requests in the ordinary course of business, except where funded by new capital inflows or where required redemptions are limited in quantum. Perpetual Capital includes co-investment capital with an investor right to convert into Perpetual Capital. Commitment-based drawdown structured funds generally do not permit investors to redeem their interests at their election. Certain of our open-ended vehicles generally afford an investor the right to withdraw or redeem their interests on a periodic basis (for example, annually, quarterly or monthly), typically with 2 to 95 days notice, depending on the fund and the liquidity profile of the underlying assets. In our perpetual capital vehicles where 5 Table of Contents redemption rights exist, redemption requests are required to be fulfilled only (a) in Blackstone s or the vehicles board s discretion, as applicable, (b) to the extent there is sufficient new capital, or (c) where such required redemptions are limited in quantum, such as interval funds or in certain insurance-dedicated vehicles. Investment advisory agreements related to certain SMAs in our Credit Insurance and Multi-Asset Investing segments, excluding SMAs in our insurance platform, may generally be terminated by an investor on 15 to 95 days notice. SMAs in our insurance platform can generally only be terminated for long-term underperformance, cause and certain other limited circumstances, in each case subject to Blackstone s right to cure. This report does not constitute an offer of any Blackstone Fund. 6 Table of Contents Part I. Item 1. Business Overview Blackstone is the world s largest alternative asset manager. We seek to deliver compelling returns for institutional and individual investors by strengthening the companies and assets in which we invest. Our more than $1.3 trillion in Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2025 include global investment strategies focused on real estate, private equity, infrastructure, life sciences, growth equity, credit, real assets, secondaries and hedge funds. Our businesses use a solutions-oriented approach to drive better performance. We believe our scale, diversified business, long record of investment performance, rigorous investment process and strong client relationships position us to continue to perform well in a variety of market conditions, expand our assets under management, and innovate. We invest across asset classes on behalf of our investors, including pension funds, insurance companies and individual investors. Our mission is to fulfill our fiduciary duty by creating long-term value for our investors. We aim to do this by strengthening the companies, real estate assets and other investments in our portfolio, equipping them to thrive in the global economy. To the extent our funds perform well, we can support a better retirement for tens of millions of pensioners, including teachers, nurses and firefighters. As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 5,285 people, including our 268 senior managing directors, at our headquarters in New York and around the world. Our employees are integral to Blackstone s culture of integrity, professionalism and excellence. We believe hiring, training and retaining talented individuals, coupled with our rigorous investment process, has supported our excellent investment record over many years. This record, in turn, has enabled us to innovate into new strategies, drive growth and better serve our investors. Business Segments Our four business segments are: (a) Real Estate, (b) Private Equity, (c) Credit Insurance and (d) Multi-Asset Investing. Information about our business segments should be read together with Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. For more information concerning the revenues and fees we derive from our business segments, see Fee Structure/Incentive Arrangements. Real Estate Our Real Estate business is a global leader in real estate investing, with $319.3 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2025. Our Real Estate business operates as one globally integrated business with approximately 785 employees and has investments across the globe, including in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Our real estate investment teams seek to utilize our global expertise and presence to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our investors. Our Blackstone Real Estate Partners ( BREP ) business is geographically diversified and targets a broad range of opportunistic real estate and real estate-related investments. The BREP platform includes global funds as well as funds focused specifically on Europe or Asia investments. BREP seeks to invest thematically in high-quality, well-located assets where we see outsized growth potential driven by global economic and demographic trends. BREP has made significant investments in logistics, data centers, rental housing, hospitality, office and retail properties around the world, as well as in a variety of real estate operating companies. 7 Table of Contents Our Core+ real estate strategy invests in substantially stabilized real estate globally, primarily through perpetual capital vehicles. The strategy includes our (a) Blackstone Property Partners ( BPP ) funds, which are focused on high-quality assets in the Americas, Europe and Asia and (b) a non-listed real estate investment trust ( REIT ), Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. ( BREIT ), and Blackstone European Property Income Fund ( BEPIF ) vehicles, which provide income-focused individual investors access to institutional quality real estate primarily in the Americas and Europe, respectively. Our Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies ( BREDS ) platform primarily targets real estate-related debt investment opportunities. BREDS invests in both public and private markets, primarily in the U.S. and Europe. BREDS scale and investment mandates enable it to provide a variety of lending options for our borrowers and investment options for our investors, including commercial real estate mortgage loans and liquid real estate-related debt securities. The BREDS platform includes high-yield real estate debt funds, liquid real estate debt funds, capital managed on behalf of our Credit Insurance segment, and Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. ( BXMT ), a NYSE-listed mortgage REIT. Private Equity Our Private Equity segment encompasses global businesses with a total of approximately 720 employees managing $416.4 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2025. Our Private Equity segment includes: (a) Private Equity Strategies (described below), (b) Infrastructure, which includes (1) our infrastructure-focused funds for institutional investors with a primary focus on the U.S. and Europe (Blackstone Infrastructure Partners or BIP ) and (2) a private wealth-focused platform offering eligible individual investors access to our infrastructure capabilities (Blackstone Infrastructure Strategies or BXINFRA ), (c) our secondaries business ( Secondaries ), which includes Strategic Partners Fund Solutions ( Strategic Partners ) and our GP Stakes business ( Blackstone GP Stakes or BXGP ), (d) our capital markets services business (Blackstone Capital Markets or BXCM ) and (e) a private wealth-focused platform offering eligible individuals exposure to certain of Blackstone s key illiquid investment strategies through a single commitment (Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution or BTAS ). Our Private Equity Strategies include: (a) our Corporate Private Equity business (described below), (b) our hybrid capital investment platform that invests flexibly across asset classes, industries and geographies (Blackstone Tactical Opportunities or Tactical Opportunities ), (c) our life sciences investment platform (Blackstone Life Sciences or BXLS ), (d) our growth equity investment platform (Blackstone Growth or BXG ) and (e) a private wealth-focused platform offering eligible individual investors access to Blackstone s private equity capabilities (Blackstone Private Equity Strategies Fund or BXPE ). Our Corporate Private Equity business consists of: (a) our global private equity funds (Blackstone Capital Partners or BCP ), (b) our Asia-focused private equity funds (Blackstone Capital Partners Asia or BCP Asia ), (c) our sector-focused funds, including our energy- and energy transition-focused funds (Blackstone Energy Transition Partners or BETP ) and (d) our core private equity funds (Blackstone Core Equity Partners or BCEP ). We are a global leader in private equity investing. Our Corporate Private Equity business pursues transactions across industries on a global basis. It strives to create value by investing in great businesses where our capital, strategic insight, global relationships and operational support can drive transformation. Corporate Private Equity s investment strategies and core themes continually evolve in anticipation of, or in response to, changes in the global economy, local markets, regulation, capital flows and geopolitical trends. We seek to construct a differentiated portfolio of investments with a well-defined, post-acquisition value creation strategy. Similarly, we seek investments that can generate strong unlevered returns regardless of entry or exit cycle timing. BCEP pursues control-oriented investments in high-quality companies with durable businesses and seeks to offer a lower level of risk and a longer hold period than traditional private equity. 8 Table of Contents Tactical Opportunities pursues a thematically driven, hybrid capital investment strategy. Our flexible, global mandate enables us to find differentiated opportunities across asset classes, industries and geographies and invest behind them with the frequent use of structure to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. Tactical Opportunities ability to dynamically shift focus to the most compelling opportunities in any market environment, combined with the business expertise in structuring complex transactions, enables Tactical Opportunities to invest in attractive market areas, often with securities that provide downside protection and maintain upside return. BXLS invests across the life cycle of companies and products within the life sciences sector. BXLS primarily focuses on investments in life sciences products in late-stage clinical development within the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical technology sectors. BXG seeks to deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns by investing in dynamic, growth-stage businesses, with a focus on the consumer, consumer technology, enterprise solutions, financial services and healthcare sectors. BXPE invests primarily in privately negotiated, equity-oriented investments, leveraging Blackstone s private equity talent and investment capabilities to create an attractive portfolio of alternative investments diversified across geographies and sectors. BIP targets a diversified mix of core+, core and public-private partnership investments across all infrastructure sectors, including energy infrastructure, transportation, digital infrastructure and water and waste. BIP applies a disciplined, operationally intensive investment approach to investments, seeking to apply a long-term buy-and-hold strategy to large-scale infrastructure assets with a focus on delivering stable, long-term capital appreciation together with a predictable annual cash flow yield. BXINFRA invests primarily in infrastructure equity, secondaries and credit strategies, leveraging Blackstone s infrastructure talent and investment capabilities to create an attractive portfolio of alternative infrastructure investments. Strategic Partners is a total fund solutions provider. As a secondary investor, it acquires interests in high-quality private funds from original holders seeking liquidity. Strategic Partners focuses on a range of opportunities in underlying funds such as private equity, real estate, infrastructure, venture and growth capital, credit and other types of funds, as well as general partner-led transactions and primary investments and co-investments with financial sponsors. Strategic Partners also provides investment advisory services to separately managed account clients investing in primary and secondary investments in private funds and co-investments. Blackstone GP Stakes targets minority investments in the general partners of private equity and other private market alternative asset management firms globally, with a focus on delivering a combination of recurring annual cash flow yield and long-term capital appreciation. Credit Insurance Our Credit Insurance segment ( BXCI ) has approximately 815 employees and manages $443.0 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2025. BXCI offers its clients and borrowers a comprehensive solution across corporate and asset based credit, including investment grade and non-investment grade debt. BXCI is one of the largest credit managers and CLO managers in the world. The investment portfolios BXCI s credit platform manages or sub-advises consist primarily of loans and securities of non-investment and investment grade companies spread across the capital structure including senior debt, subordinated debt, preferred stock and common equity. BXCI is organized into three overarching credit investing strategies: private corporate credit, liquid corporate credit and infrastructure and asset based credit. The private corporate credit strategies include mezzanine and direct lending funds, stressed/distressed strategies and SMAs. The direct lending funds include Blackstone Private Credit Fund ( BCRED ), Blackstone Secured Lending Fund ( BXSL ), both of which are business development companies ( BDCs ), as well as Blackstone European Private Credit Fund ( ECRED ). 9 Table of Contents The liquid corporate credit strategies consist of CLOs, closed-ended funds, open-ended funds, systematic strategies and SMAs. The infrastructure and asset based credit strategies include private placement strategies, energy strategies (including our sustainable resources platform) and asset based finance strategies focused on privately originated, income-oriented credit assets secured by physical, financial or residential real estate collateral. Our insurance platform focuses on providing investment management services for insurance and reinsurance accounts, seeking to deliver customized and diversified portfolios consisting primarily of investment grade credit, including through Blackstone s private credit origination capabilities. Through this platform, we provide our clients tailored portfolio construction, strategic asset allocation and specialized analytical tools. While focusing on policyholder protection, we seek to achieve risk-managed, liability-matched and capital-efficient returns, as well as diversification and capital preservation. We also provide similar services to clients through SMAs or by sub-managing assets for certain insurance-dedicated funds and special purpose vehicles. Multi-Asset Investing Our Multi-Asset Investing segment ( BXMA ) has approximately 240 employees managing $96.2 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2025. BXMA, the world s largest discretionary allocator to hedge funds, is a leader in building multi-asset portfolios. BXMA invests across asset classes in both public and private markets aiming to generate compelling risk-adjusted returns. BXMA is organized into four investment platforms: Absolute Return, Multi-Strategy, Total Portfolio Management and Public Real Assets. Absolute Return manages a broad range of commingled and customized portfolios and aims to generate consistent returns across market environments. Multi-Strategy aims to generate strong risk-adjusted returns through opportunistic, asset-class agnostic investing. Total Portfolio Management manages large-scale total portfolios across asset classes in both public and private markets. The Public Real Assets platform is managed by Harvest Fund Advisors LLC ( Harvest ), which primarily invests in publicly traded energy infrastructure, renewables and master limited partnerships holding midstream energy assets in North America. Perpetual Capital Each of our business segments currently includes Perpetual Capital assets under management, which refers to assets under management with an indefinite term, that are not in liquidation and for which there is no requirement to return capital to investors through redemption requests in the ordinary course of business, except where funded by new capital inflows or where required redemptions are limited in quantum. We have meaningfully increased our assets under management in such vehicles in recent years, and expect to continue to undertake initiatives to expand further. Perpetual Capital strategies represent a significant and growing portion of our overall business, and the management fees and performance revenues we receive. Perpetual Capital strategies include, without limitation, (a) in our Real Estate segment, certain Core+ real estate vehicles (including BREIT and BEPIF) and BXMT, (b) in our Private Equity segment, BIP, BXPE, BXINFRA and vehicles in GP Stakes, and (c) in our Credit Insurance segment, BXSL and BCRED. In addition, assets managed for certain of our insurance clients are Perpetual Capital assets under management. Private Wealth Strategy Blackstone s business historically focused on the provision of investment products, such as traditional drawdown funds, to institutional investors. Blackstone s business now also includes a substantial number of investment products that are offered through various distribution channels to certain high-net-worth and mass affluent individual investors in the U.S. and other jurisdictions around the world. We have significantly expanded, and expect to continue to undertake initiatives to expand the number and type of such products that we offer. Our Private Wealth business is dedicated to building out our distribution capabilities in the private wealth channel to provide certain individual investors with access to Blackstone products across a broad array of alternative 10 Table of Contents investment strategies, as well as to seek to broaden access to private markets for retirement savers through the defined contribution plan channel. In recent years, capital from the private wealth channel has represented an increasing portion of our Total Assets Under Management, and we expect this trend to continue as we continue to undertake initiatives focused on this market segment. Investment Process and Risk Management We maintain a rigorous investment process across all our investment vehicles. Each investment vehicle has investment policies and procedures that generally contain requirements, guidelines and limitations for investments, such as limitations relating to the amount that will be invested in any one investment and the types of assets, industries or geographic regions in which the vehicle will invest, as well as limitations required by law. Our investment professionals are responsible for identifying, evaluating, underwriting, diligencing, negotiating, executing, managing and exiting investments. For those of our businesses with review committees and/or investment committees, such committees review and evaluate investment opportunities in a framework that includes a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the key risks of investments. In such businesses, investment professionals generally submit investment opportunities for review and approval by a review committee and/or investment committee, subject to delineated exceptions set forth in applicable investment committee charters or resolutions. Review and investment committees are generally comprised of senior leaders and other senior professionals of the applicable investment business, and in many cases, other senior leaders of Blackstone and its businesses. Considerations that review and investment committees take into account when evaluating an investment may include, without limitation and depending on the nature of the investing business and its strategy, the quality of the business or asset in which the fund proposes to invest, the quality of the management team, likely exit strategies and factors that could reduce the value of the business or asset at exit, the ability of the business in which the investment is made to service debt in a range of economic and interest rate environments, macroeconomic trends in the relevant geographic region or industry and the quality of the businesses operations. In addition, certain of our business units maintain their own sustainability policies that address, among other things, sustainability factors applicable to their respective investment strategies. Existing investments are reviewed and monitored on a regular basis by investment and asset management professionals. In addition, our investment professionals and Portfolio Operations professionals work with our portfolio company senior executives to identify opportunities to drive operational efficiencies and growth. Before our BXMA and Secondaries teams decide to invest in an investment fund or an alternative asset manager, as applicable, they conduct diligence in a number of areas. Depending on the nature of the investment, these areas may include, among others, the fund s/manager s performance, investment terms, investment strategy and investment personnel, as well as its operations, processes, risk management and internal controls. With respect to liquid credit clients and other clients whose portfolios are actively traded in our Credit Insurance segment, our industry-focused research analysts provide the review and/or investment committee with a formal and comprehensive review of new investment recommendations and portfolio managers and trading professionals discuss, among other things, risks associated with overall portfolio composition. Our Credit Insurance segment s research team monitors the operating performance of underlying issuers, while portfolio managers, together with our traders, focus on optimizing asset composition to maximize value for our investors. This investment process is assisted by a variety of proprietary and non-proprietary research models and methods. Structure and Operation of Our Investment Vehicles Our asset management businesses include private investment funds, registered funds, BDCs, REITs, CLOs, SMAs and other vehicles focused on real estate, private equity, infrastructure, life sciences, growth equity, credit, real assets and secondary funds. Many of our private investment funds and other vehicles are targeted at institutional investors. We also have several products that are targeted at individual investors, including high-net-worth investors ( Private Wealth Products ). 11 Table of Contents Our private investment funds are generally organized as limited partnerships with respect to U.S. domiciled vehicles and limited partnerships or other similar limited liability entities with respect to non-U.S. domiciled vehicles. These funds accept commitments and/or subscriptions for investment from institutional investors and/or high-net-worth individuals. Our Private Wealth Products are organized using a variety of structures, including corporations, statutory trusts, limited partnerships or other vehicles, and accept subscriptions for investment from high-net-worth individuals and/or other individual investors. Our private investment funds are generally either commitment-structured funds, where commitments are generally drawn down from investors on an as-needed basis to fund investments (or for other permitted purposes) over a specified term, or open-ended funds, where the investor s capital may be fully funded on or shortly after the investor s subscription date and cash proceeds resulting from the disposition of investments can be reinvested, subject to certain limitations and limited investor withdrawal rights. In most of our Private Wealth Products, the investor s capital is fully funded on the subscription date. Our BXCI insurance platform is generally structured around SMAs and our BXCI CLO vehicles are generally private companies with limited liability. Our investment funds, SMAs and other vehicles not domiciled in the European Economic Area (the EEA ) are each generally advised by a Blackstone entity serving as investment adviser that is registered under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ). For our investment funds, SMAs and other vehicles domiciled in the EEA, a Blackstone entity domiciled in the EEA generally serves as external alternative investment fund manager ( AIFM ), and the AIFM typically delegates its portfolio management function to a Blackstone-affiliated investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act. The Blackstone entity serving as investment adviser or AIFM, as applicable, typically carries out substantially all of the day-to-day operations of each investment vehicle pursuant to an investment advisory, investment management, AIFM or other similar agreement. Generally, the material terms of our investment advisory and AIFM agreements, as applicable, relate to the scope of services to be rendered by the investment adviser or the AIFM to the applicable vehicle, the calculation of management fees to be borne by investors in our investment vehicles, the calculation of and the manner and extent to which other fees received by the investment adviser or the AIFM, as applicable, from funds or fund portfolio companies serve to offset or reduce the management fees payable by investors in our investment vehicles and certain rights of termination with respect to our investment advisory and AIFM agreements. Our private investment funds do not generally register as investment companies under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), in reliance on the statutory exemptions provided by Section 3(c)(7), Section 3(c)(5)(C) or Section 3(c)(1) thereof. In addition, each of BXMT and BREIT conducts its operations in a manner that allows it to maintain its REIT qualification and avail itself of the statutory exemption provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act and our U.S. BXPE and BXINFRA vehicles rely on the statutory exemption provided by Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. Our Private Wealth Products include funds that are registered, or regulated as a BDC, under the 1940 Act. In addition, certain of our investment advisers or AIFMs advise or sub-advise funds domiciled in, and subject to registration and regulatory requirements of, the EEA. In addition to having an investment adviser, each investment fund that is a limited partnership, or partnership fund, also has a general partner that, apart from partnership funds domiciled in the EEA, generally makes all operational and investment decisions, including the making, monitoring and disposing of investments. Investment vehicles in our Private Wealth Products typically have a board that includes independent directors. In the case of our SMAs, the investor, rather than we, generally holds or has custody of the investments. The investors in our investment funds generally take no part in the conduct or control of the business of the investment funds, have no right or authority to act for or bind the investment funds and have no influence over the voting or disposition of the securities or other assets held by the investment funds. Third-party investors in some of our partnership funds have the right to remove the general partner of the fund or to accelerate the termination of the fund without cause by a majority or supermajority vote. In addition, the governing agreements of many of our partnership funds provide that in the event certain key persons in our partnership funds do not meet specified time commitments with regard to managing the fund, then (a) investors in such funds have the 12 Table of Contents right to vote to terminate the investment period by a specified percentage (including, in certain cases a simple majority) vote in accordance with specified procedures, or accelerate the withdrawal of their capital on an investor-by-investor basis, or (b) the fund s investment period will automatically terminate and a specified percentage (including, in certain cases a simple majority) in accordance with specified procedures is required to restart it. In addition, the governing agreements of some of our partnership funds provide that investors have the right to terminate the investment period for any reason by a supermajority vote of the investors in such fund. Fee Structure/Incentive Arrangements Management Fees The following is a general description of the management fees earned by Blackstone. Management fees are generally based on an annual rate but payable on a regular basis (typically monthly or quarterly). Management fees received are not subject to clawback. In our carry funds, the investment adviser or AIFM (depending on the domicile of the fund) receives a management fee based on a percentage of the fund s capital commitments, invested capital and/or undeployed capital during the investment period and the fund s invested capital, investment fair value or capital commitments after the investment period. Management fees are generally payable over either the term or life of the fund. Depending on the fee basis, negative performance of one or more investments in the fund may reduce the total management fee paid for the relevant period, but not the fee rate. In our other fund structures, unless outlined differently below, the investment adviser or AIFM (depending on the domicile of the fund) receives a management fee based on a percentage of the fund s net asset value over the term or life of the fund. These funds may permit investors to withdraw or redeem their interests periodically, in some cases following the expiration of a specified period of time when capital may not be withdrawn. Decreases in net asset value reduce the total management fee paid for the relevant period, but not the fee rate. In our CLOs, the investment adviser typically receives a base management fee and a subordinated management fee, which are calculated as a percentage of the CLO s assets. Although varying from deal to deal, a CLO will typically be wound down within eight to eleven years of being launched. The amount of fees will decrease as the CLO deleverages toward the end of its term. In our separately managed accounts, the investment adviser generally receives a management fee based on a percentage of each account s net asset value or invested capital. Such management fees are generally subject to contractual rights the investor has to terminate our management on generally as short as 30 days notice. In our credit-focused registered investment companies and our BDCs, the investment adviser typically receives a management fee based on a percentage of net asset value or total managed assets. Such management fees are generally subject to contractual rights of the company s board of directors to terminate our management of an account on as short as 30 days notice. For BXMT, the investment adviser receives a management fee based on a percentage of BXMT s net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated distributable earnings (which is generally equal to its net income, calculated under GAAP, excluding certain non-cash and other items), subject to certain adjustments. For additional information regarding the management fee rates we receive, see Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies Revenue Recognition Management and Advisory Fees, Net. 13 Table of Contents Incentive Arrangements Our incentive arrangements are composed of (a) contractual incentive fees received from certain investment vehicles upon achieving specified cumulative investment returns ( Incentive Fees ), and (b) a disproportionate allocation of the income generated by investment vehicles otherwise allocable to investors upon achieving certain investment returns ( Performance Allocations, and, together with Incentive Fees, Performance Revenues ). In our carry funds, our Performance Revenues consist of the Performance Allocations to which the general partner or an affiliate thereof is entitled, commonly referred to as carried interest. Our ability to generate and realize carried interest is an important element of our business and has historically accounted for a very significant portion of our income. Carried interest is typically structured as a net profits interest in the applicable fund. In the case of our carry funds, carried interest is generally calculated on a realized gain basis, and each general partner (or affiliate) is generally entitled to an allocation of up to 20% of the net realized income and gains (generally taking into account realized and unrealized or net unrealized losses) generated by such fund. Net realized income or loss is not generally netted between or among funds, and in some cases our carry funds provide for allocations to be made on current income distributions (subject to certain conditions). For most carry funds, the carried interest is subject to a preferred limited partner return generally ranging from 5% to 8% per year, subject to a catch-up allocation to the general partner. Some of our carry funds do not provide for a preferred return, and generally the terms of our carry funds vary in certain respects across our business units and vintages. If, at the end of the life of a carry fund (or earlier with respect to certain of our carry funds), as a result of diminished performance of later investments in a carry fund s life, (a) the general partner receives in excess of the relevant carried interest percentage(s) applicable to the fund as applied to the fund s cumulative net profits over the life of the fund, or (in certain cases) (b) the carry fund has not achieved investment returns that exceed the preferred return threshold (if applicable), then we will be obligated to repay an amount equal to the carried interest that was previously distributed to us that exceeds the amounts to which we were ultimately entitled, up to the amount of carried interest received on an after-tax basis. This is known as a clawback obligation and is an obligation of any person who received such carried interest, including us and other participants in our carried interest plans. Although a portion of any dividends paid to our stockholder may include any carried interest received by us, we do not intend to seek fulfillment of any clawback obligation by seeking to have our stockholders return any portion of such dividends attributable to carried interest associated with any clawback obligation. To the extent we are required to fulfill a clawback obligation, however, we may determine to decrease the amount of our dividends to our stockholders. The clawback obligation operates with respect to a given carry fund s own net investment performance only and carried interest of other funds is not netted for determining this contingent obligation. Moreover, although a clawback obligation is several, the governing agreements of most of our funds provide that to the extent another recipient of carried interest (such as a current or former employee) does not fund his or her respective share of the clawback obligation then due, then we and our employees who participate in such carried interest plans may have to fund additional amounts (generally an additional 50% to 70% beyond our pro-rata share of such obligation) although we retain the right to pursue any remedies that we have under such governing agreements against those carried interest recipients who fail to fund their obligations. We have recorded a contingent repayment obligation equal to the amount that would be due on December 31, 2025, if the various carry funds were liquidated at their current carrying value. For additional information concerning the clawback obligations we could face, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We may not have sufficient cash to pay back clawback obligations if and when they are triggered under the governing agreements with our investors. 14 Table of Contents In our structures other than carry funds, our Performance Revenues generally consist of performance-based allocations of a vehicle s net capital appreciation during a measurement period, subject to the achievement of minimum return levels, high water marks, loss carry forwards and/or other hurdle provisions, in accordance with the respective terms set out in each vehicle s governing agreements. Such allocations are typically realized at the end of the measurement period and, once realized, are typically not subject to clawback or reversal. In particular, our ability to generate and realize these amounts is an important element of our business. Such allocations in certain of our Perpetual Capital strategies contribute a significant and growing portion to our overall revenues. The following is a general description of the Performance Revenues earned by Blackstone in structures other than carry funds: The general partners of certain open-ended BPP and BIP funds are entitled to an incentive fee allocation generally between 7% and 12.5% of net profit, subject to a hurdle amount generally of between 5.5% and 7%, a loss recovery amount and a catch-up. Incentive allocations for these funds are generally realized every three years from when a limited partner makes its initial investment, or upon a limited partner s redemption from the fund. The general partner or special limited partner of each of BREIT, BEPIF, BXPE and BXINFRA receives a performance participation allocation of 12.5% of total return, subject to a 5% hurdle amount with a catch-up and recouping any loss carry forward amounts, measured annually and payable quarterly. The investment adviser of our BDCs receives (a) income incentive fees of 12.5% or 17.5%, as applicable, subject to, in certain cases, certain hurdles, catch-ups and caps, payable quarterly, and (b) capital gains incentive fees (net of realized and unrealized losses) of 12.5% or 17.5%, as applicable, payable annually. The investment manager of BXMT receives an incentive fee generally equal to 20% of BXMT s distributable earnings in excess of a 7% per annum return on stockholders equity (excluding stock appreciation or depreciation), provided that BXMT s distributable earnings over the prior three years is greater than zero. In our Multi-Asset Investing segment, the investment adviser of certain of our funds of hedge funds, hedge or multi-strategy funds, separately managed accounts that invest in hedge funds and certain non-U.S. registered investment companies, is entitled to an incentive fee generally between 0% to 20%, as applicable, of the applicable investment vehicle s net appreciation, subject to high water mark provisions and in some cases a preferred return. Advisory and Transaction Fees Some of our investment advisers or their affiliates receive customary fees (for example, acquisition, origination and other transaction fees) upon consummation of their funds transactions, and may from time to time receive advisory, monitoring and other fees in connection with their activities. For most of the funds where we receive such fees, we are required to reduce the management fees charged to the funds investors by 50% to 100% of such limited partner s share of such fees. Capital Invested In and Alongside Our Investment Funds To further align our interests with those of investors in our investment funds, we have invested the firm s capital and that of our personnel in the investment funds we sponsor and manage. Minimum general partner capital commitments to our investment funds are determined separately with respect to each of our investment funds and, generally, are less than 5% of the limited partner commitments of any particular fund. See Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources for more information regarding our minimum general partner capital commitments to our funds. We determine whether to make general partner capital commitments to our funds in excess of the 15 Table of Contents minimum required commitments based on, among other things, our anticipated liquidity, working capital and other capital needs. In many cases, we require our senior managing directors and other professionals to fund a portion of the general partner capital commitments to our funds. In other cases, we may from time to time offer to our senior managing directors and employees a part of the funded or unfunded general partner commitments to our investment funds. Our general partner capital commitments are funded with cash and not with carried interest or deferral of management fees. Investors in many of our funds also receive the opportunity to make additional co-investments with the investment funds. Our personnel, as well as Blackstone itself and certain Blackstone relationships, also have the opportunity to make investments, in or alongside our funds and other vehicles we manage, in some instances without being subject to management fees, carried interest or incentive fees. In certain cases, limited partner investors may pay additional management fees or carried interest in connection with such co-investments. Competition The asset management industry is intensely competitive, and we expect it to remain so. We compete both globally and on a regional, industry and sector basis. We compete on the basis of a number of factors, including investment performance, transaction execution skills, access to capital, access to and retention of qualified personnel, reputation, range of products and services, innovation and price. We face competition in the pursuit of institutional and individual investors for our investment funds. Although over time many institutional and individual investors have increased the amount of capital they commit to alternative investment funds, such increases may create increased competition with respect to fees charged by our funds. In the private wealth and insurance channels, the market for capital is highly competitive, requires significant investment and is highly regulated, which could create competitive challenges for us. In addition, competition for fundraising in the private wealth and insurance channels is also driven by the willingness of certain of our competitors to charge lower fees or pay higher or different types of distributors fees. We also face competition in the pursuit of attractive investment opportunities for our funds. Depending on the investment, we face competition primarily from sponsors managing other funds, investment vehicles and other pools of capital, other financial institutions and institutional investors (including sovereign wealth and pension funds), corporate buyers and other parties. Several of these competitors have significant amounts of capital and many of them have investment objectives similar to ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities. Some of these competitors may also have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources or other resources that are not available to us, which may create competitive disadvantages for us with respect to investment opportunities. In addition, some of these competitors may have higher risk tolerances, different risk assessments or lower return thresholds, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and to bid more aggressively than us for investments. Corporate buyers may be able to achieve synergistic cost savings with regard to an investment or be perceived by sellers as otherwise being more desirable bidders, which may provide them with a competitive advantage in bidding for an investment. In all of our businesses, competition is also intense for the attraction and retention of qualified employees. Our ability to continue to compete effectively in our businesses will depend upon our ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate our existing employees. For additional information concerning the competitive risks that we face, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business The asset management business is intensely competitive. 16 Table of Contents Sustainability Our investors have relied on our relentless commitment to excellence for nearly 40 years. Our sustainability efforts are anchored in our goal of generating strong returns for investors to fulfill our fiduciary duty. We have pursued attractive investments in companies and assets that are part of the global energy transition. Our approach includes efforts to help select portfolio companies measure emissions and capture cost savings through energy management. Senior management reports quarterly to our board of directors, which reviews our sustainability strategy, including on the basis of periodic reports from management addressing relevant matters and practices. At Blackstone, our people are our most valuable asset. We believe teams with a diverse breadth of backgrounds and experiences contribute to better outcomes. We believe building inclusive workplaces positions us and our portfolio companies to access a broad pool of qualified talent, including from historically under-tapped talent pools, and foster inclusive cultures that generate lasting value for our investors. See Human Capital Management. Human Capital Management Blackstone s employees are integral to our culture of integrity, professionalism, excellence and cooperation, and the intellectual capital possessed by them is critical to our success. We believe a workforce reflecting a diverse breadth of backgrounds and experiences makes us better investors and a better firm. Our talent strategy leverages a people-driven framework based on four key pillars: recruiting, talent development, community and inclusion, and accountability. We believe that by focusing on each of these pillars and investing in our people and our culture, we will create an inclusive environment that helps expand our access to the best available talent and drives retention and advancement opportunities for our employees. To that end, our employee resource groups, which are open to all employees, serve as a platform for our professionals to expand cultural awareness and connect to other employees, including through speaker series, professional development opportunities and social events. We also seek to enable ourselves and our portfolio companies to access a broad pool of qualified talent, including through firm programs aimed at introducing talented undergraduate students to financial services and Blackstone and portfolio programs aimed at helping our portfolio companies access historically under-tapped talent pools. Our board of directors plays an active role in reviewing our human capital management efforts. To that end, senior management reviews with our board of directors management succession planning and development and other key aspects of our talent management strategy. Employee and Community Engagement Blackstone is committed to ensuring our employees are engaged with their work and with their local communities. Blackstone regularly gathers feedback from our employees via internal and/or external surveys to assess employee engagement and satisfaction and develop targeted solutions. Blackstone also supports its employee resource groups in their efforts to expand cultural awareness and connection across the firm. In addition, the Blackstone Charitable Foundation ( BXCF ) was established in 2007 and is committed to supporting Blackstone s goal of helping foster economic opportunity and career mobility. This includes, among other initiatives, its signature Blackstone LaunchPad network, which seeks to close the opportunity gap by equipping college and university students with the entrepreneurial skills they need to build lasting careers, and BX Connects, a global program that provides Blackstone employees with the opportunity to support their local communities through volunteering and giving. BX Connects uses the firm s scale, talent and resources to make grants, develop nonprofit partnerships and create employee engagement opportunities. Nearly 90% of our employees engaged globally with BXCF s charitable initiatives in 2025. 17 Table of Contents Talent Acquisition, Development and Retention We believe the talent of our employees, coupled with our rigorous investment process, has supported our excellent investment record over many years. We hire qualified people, train them and encourage them to work together to provide their best thinking to the firm for the benefit of the investors in the funds we manage. Across all our businesses, we face intense competition for qualified personnel. We seek to attract and retain the brightest minds across a wide spectrum of disciplines and from varied backgrounds and experiences. We believe our reputation, talent development opportunities and compensation make us an attractive employer. We encourage independent thinking and reward initiative while providing training and development opportunities to help our employees grow professionally. In addition, our Respect at Work programs and trainings help maintain an inclusive work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Employee education and training are also critical to maintaining a culture of compliance. Blackstone offers a wide range of learning and professional development opportunities, both formally and informally, to help employees advance their careers and maximize the value they can add to the global firm. Incoming analyst classes are provided with training that spans their first few years. In addition, our new hires are provided with training and other opportunities to help them thrive in our culture, including through our Culture Program and our Leadership Speaker Series. Blackstone employees are trained or enrolled in compliance training when they start at the firm, and we retrain employees globally at least once annually. Over the course of their careers at Blackstone, employees are offered learning opportunities in a number of areas including leadership and management development and communication skills, among others. We offer a global development curriculum on key capabilities required to succeed at Blackstone, and we partner with external organizations to deliver training programs for our employees. We consistently seek to create visibility and opportunities for talent to take on roles beyond their current positions, and for managers to connect regularly to discuss and match talent with critical roles. These efforts result in cross-pollination of talent that we believe engages our people and generates stronger outcomes for the firm. As discussed below, we seek to retain and incentivize the performance of our employees through our compensation structure. We also enter into non-competition and non-solicitation agreements with certain employees. See Part III. Item 11. Executive Compensation Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements for a description of the material terms of such agreements. Compensation, Benefits and Wellness Our compensation is designed to motivate and retain employees and align their interests with those of the investors in our funds. In particular, incentive compensation for our senior managing directors and employees involves a combination of annual cash bonus payments and performance interests or deferred equity awards, which we believe encourages them to focus on the performance of our investment funds and the overall performance of the firm. The proportion of compensation that is at risk generally increases as an employee s level of responsibility rises. Employees at higher total compensation levels are generally targeted to receive a greater percentage of their total compensation payable in annual cash bonuses, participation in performance interests and deferred equity awards and a lesser percentage in the form of base salary compared to employees at lower total compensation levels. To further align their interests with those of investors in our funds, we provide employees with the opportunity to make investments in or alongside certain of the funds and other vehicles we manage. We also provide our employees and their families robust health and wellbeing offerings, including time-off options and family planning resources. 18 Table of Contents We believe our current compensation and benefit allocations for senior professionals are best in class and are consistent with companies in the alternative asset management industry. Our senior management periodically reviews the effectiveness and competitiveness of our compensation program. Most of our current senior managing directors and other senior personnel have equity interests in our business that entitle such personnel to cash distributions. See Part III. Item 11. Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis Overview of Compensation Philosophy and Program for more information on compensation of our senior managing directors and certain other employees. We care greatly about the health, safety and wellbeing of our employees. Blackstone offers comprehensive and competitive benefits to its full-time employees, including, without limitation, primary caregiver leave (for 21 weeks), secondary caregiver leave, adoption leave, infertility benefits (including cryopreservation), compassion care leave and back up childcare. We also offer employee well-being programs that provide information, tools and resources, including connections to immediate support, community referrals and counseling. We have partnered with various platforms to provide on-demand emotional and mental health support and personalized support and resources for employees and their families throughout all stages of life. Following the tragic July 2025 shooting at 345 Park Avenue where our New York headquarters are located, we also began offering incident counseling services and other resources globally, including on-site counseling at our New York offices and 24/7 virtual support. Data Privacy and Security Blackstone is committed to data privacy. We provide data privacy training at onboarding to new employees and at least annually to existing employees. Data privacy is typically addressed in the Global Head of Compliance s annual update to our board of directors. Blackstone s approach to data privacy is set out in our privacy notices, including our Online Privacy Notice and Investor Data Privacy Notice. Our privacy function, which involves activities including conducting privacy impact assessments, implementing privacy-by-design initiatives and aligning global privacy programs with local privacy requirements, is led by our Data and Policy Strategy Officer and overseen by the Data Protection Operating Committee, Blackstone s global privacy compliance steering committee. Please see Item 1C. Cybersecurity for a discussion of our cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance. Regulatory and Compliance Matters Our businesses, as well as the financial services industry generally, are subject to extensive regulation in the United States and in many of the markets in which we operate. Our business is subject to compliance with laws and regulations of U.S. federal and state governments, non-U.S. governments, their respective agencies and/or various self-regulatory organizations or exchanges. The SEC and various self-regulatory organizations, state securities regulators and international securities regulators have in recent years increased their regulatory activities, including regulation, examination and enforcement in respect of asset management firms, including Blackstone. Any failure to comply with these regulations could expose us to liability and/or damage our reputation. Our businesses have operated for many years within a legal framework that requires us to monitor and comply with a broad range of legal and regulatory developments that affect our activities. However, additional legislation, changes in rules promulgated by financial regulatory authorities or self-regulatory organizations or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules, either in the United States or abroad, may directly affect our mode of operation and profitability. All of the investment advisers of our investment funds operating in the U.S. are registered as investment advisers with the SEC under the Advisers Act (other investment advisers may be registered in non-U.S. jurisdictions). Registered investment advisers are subject to the requirements and regulations of the Advisers Act. Such requirements relate to, among other things, fiduciary duties to advisory clients, maintaining an effective compliance program and code of ethics, investment advisory contracts, solicitation agreements, conflicts of interest, recordkeeping and reporting requirements, disclosure, advertising, custody requirements, political contributions, limitations on agency cross and principal transactions between an adviser and advisory clients, and general anti-fraud prohibitions. Certain investment advisers are also registered with international regulators in connection with their management of products that are locally distributed and/or regulated. 19 Table of Contents Blackstone Securities Partners L.P. ( BSP ), a subsidiary through which we conduct our capital markets business and certain of our fund marketing and distribution, is registered as a broker-dealer with the SEC and is subject to regulation and oversight by the SEC, is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, and is registered as a broker-dealer in 50 states, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Broker-dealers are subject to regulations that cover all aspects of the securities business, including, among others, the implementation of a supervisory control system over the securities business, advertising and sales practices, conduct of and compensation in connection with public securities offerings, maintenance of adequate net capital, record keeping and the conduct and qualifications of employees. In addition, FINRA, a self-regulatory organization subject to oversight by the SEC, adopts and enforces rules governing the conduct, and examines the activities of its member firms, including BSP. State securities regulators also have regulatory oversight authority over BSP. In addition, certain of the funds we manage, advise or sub-advise, including BDCs, are registered under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act and the rules thereunder govern, among other things, the relationship between us and such investment vehicles and limit such investment vehicles ability to enter into certain transactions with us or our affiliates, including other funds managed, advised or sub-advised by us. Pursuant to the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, or FSMA, certain of our subsidiaries are subject to regulations promulgated and administered by the Financial Conduct Authority ( FCA ). The FSMA and rules promulgated thereunder form the cornerstone of legislation which governs all aspects of our investment business in the United Kingdom, including sales, provision of investment advice, use and safekeeping of client funds and securities, regulatory capital, recordkeeping, approval standards for individuals, anti-money laundering, periodic reporting and settlement procedures. Blackstone Europe LLP ( BELL ) acts as a sub-advisor to its Blackstone U.S. affiliates in relation to the investment and re-investment of Europe, Middle East and Africa ( EMEA ) based assets of Blackstone Funds, arranging transactions to be entered into by or on behalf of Blackstone Funds, and providing certain related services. BELL also expects to become FCA-authorized to conduct further activities regulated by the FCA in the future. BELL s principal place of business is in London, and it has a branch in Abu Dhabi Global Market. BELL does not currently have a MiFID II cross border passport to provide investment services into the European Economic Area ( EEA ). Accordingly, BELL can only provide investment services in certain EEA jurisdictions where it has obtained a domestic license on a cross-border services basis (currently Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Spain and Italy), or can operate pursuant to an exemption or relief (currently Iceland, Ireland, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Netherlands, Norway and Sweden). These operations are, however, in certain cases subject to limitations. Blackstone Ireland Limited ( BIL ) is authorized and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland ( CBI ) as an Investment Firm under the (Irish) European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017, as amended (the MiFID Regulations ). BIL s principal activity is the provision of management and advisory services to certain CLOs and sub-advisory services to certain Blackstone affiliates. Blackstone Ireland Fund Management Limited ( BIFM ) is authorized and regulated by the CBI as an Alternative Investment Fund Manager under the (Irish) European Union (Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations) 2013 ( AIFMRs ), which implements the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive ( AIFMD ) in Ireland. BIFM acts as AIFM and provides investment management functions including portfolio management, risk management, administration, marketing and related activities to its alternative investment funds in accordance with AIFMRs and the conditions imposed by the CBI as set out in the CBI s alternative investment fund rulebook. 20 Table of Contents Blackstone Europe Fund Management S. r.l. ( BEFM ) is authorized as (a) an Alternative Investment Fund Manager under the Luxembourg Law of 12 July 2013 on alternative investment fund managers (as amended, the AIFM Law ), which implements AIFMD in Luxembourg and (b) a management company under the Law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment (as amended, the UCITS Law ), which implements the UCITS Directive in Luxembourg. BEFM is also able to provide discretionary portfolio management services and investment advice in accordance with the AIFM Law and the UCITS Law, as well as reception and transmission of orders. BEFM provides investment management functions including portfolio management, risk management, administration, marketing and related activities to its managed funds, in accordance with the AIFM Law, UCITS Law and the regulatory provisions imposed by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier in Luxembourg. BEFM also promotes Blackstone products and services in European countries where BELL is not otherwise licensed to do so. BEFM has branches in Paris, Milan and Frankfurt which provide marketing services and where distribution and deal sourcing individuals are based. Certain Blackstone operating entities are licensed and subject to regulation by financial regulatory authorities in Japan, Hong Kong, Australia and Singapore: The Blackstone Group Japan K.K., a financial instruments firm, is registered with Kanto Local Finance Bureau and regulated by the Japan Financial Services Agency; The Blackstone Group (HK) Limited is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission; The Blackstone Group (Australia) Pty Limited and Blackstone Real Estate Australia Pty Limited each holds an Australian financial services license authorizing it to provide financial services in Australia and is regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission; and Blackstone Singapore Pte. Ltd. is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Rigorous legal and compliance analysis of our businesses and investments is endemic to our culture and risk management. Our Chief Legal Officer and Global Head of Compliance, together with the Chief Compliance Officers of each of our businesses, supervise our compliance personnel, who are responsible for addressing the regulatory and compliance matters that affect our activities. We strive to maintain a culture of compliance through the use of policies and procedures including a code of ethics, electronic compliance systems, testing and monitoring, communication of compliance guidance and employee education and training. Our compliance policies and procedures address regulatory and compliance matters such as the handling of material non-public information, personal securities trading, marketing practices, gifts and entertainment, anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and sanctions, valuation of investments on a fund-specific basis, recordkeeping, potential conflicts of interest, the allocation of investment and co-investment opportunities, collection of fees and expense allocation. Our compliance group also monitors the information barriers that we maintain between Blackstone s businesses. We believe that our various businesses access to the intellectual knowledge and contacts and relationships that reside throughout our firm benefits all of our businesses. To maximize that access and related synergies without compromising compliance with our legal and contractual obligations, our compliance group oversees and monitors the communications between groups that are on the private side of our information barrier and groups that are on the public side, as well as between different public side groups. Our compliance group also monitors contractual obligations that may be impacted and potential conflicts that may arise in connection with these inter-group discussions. In addition, disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting are documented, tested and assessed for design and operating effectiveness in accordance with the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Internal Audit, which independently reports to the audit committee of our board of directors, operates with a global mandate and is responsible for the examination and evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of the organization s governance and risk management processes and internal controls. Internal Audit is designed to improve our firmwide operations through a systematic and disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, internal controls, and governance processes. Internal Audit conducts its audits in accordance with professional standards, and its findings and recommendations are reported to senior management and the audit committee of our board of directors. 21 Table of Contents Our enterprise risk management framework is designed to manage non-investment risk areas across the firm, such as financial, human capital, legal, operational, regulatory, legislative, reputational and technology risks. Our enterprise risk committee assists Blackstone management to identify, assess, monitor and mitigate such key enterprise risks at the corporate, business unit and fund level. The enterprise risk committee is chaired by our Chief Financial Officer and is comprised of senior management across business units, corporate functions and regional locations. Senior management reports to the audit committee of the board of directors on the agenda of risk topics evaluated by the enterprise risk committee and provides periodic risk reports, a summary of key risks to the firm, and detailed assessments of selected risks, as applicable. Additionally, our firmwide valuation committee reviews the valuation process for investments held by us and our investment vehicles, including the application of appropriate valuation standards on a consistent basis. The firmwide valuation committee is chaired by our Chief Financial Officer and is comprised of members of senior management, senior leaders from our businesses and representatives from legal and finance. Further, the review committees and/or investment committees of our businesses review and evaluate investment opportunities in a framework that includes a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the key risks of investments. See Investment Process and Risk Management. There are various pending or recently enacted legislative and regulatory initiatives that could significantly affect our business. Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Financial regulatory changes in the United States could adversely affect our business , Extensive regulation of our businesses affects our activities and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties. The possibility of increased regulatory focus, could result in additional burdens on our business and Complex regulatory regimes and potential regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the United States could adversely affect our business. Available Information, Website and Social Media Disclosure We file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the SEC. These filings are available to the public over the internet at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Our principal internet address is www.blackstone.com. We make available free of charge on or through www.blackstone.com our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. In addition, we may use our website (www.blackstone.com), Facebook page (www.facebook.com/blackstone), X (Twitter) (www.x.com/blackstone), LinkedIn (www.linkedin.com/company/blackstonegroup), Instagram (www.instagram.com/blackstone), SoundCloud (www.soundcloud.com/blackstone-300250613), Pandora (https://www.pandora.com/artist/blackstone/ARvlPz9Plblrlmg), PodBean (https://blackstone.podbean.com), Spotify (https://spoti.fi/2LJ1tHG and https://open.spotify.com/artist/52Eom8vQxM8Lk75ZZlf2hJ), YouTube (www.youtube.com/user/blackstonegroup) and Apple Podcast (https://apple.co/31Pe1Gg) accounts as channels of distribution of company information. The information we post through these channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these channels, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. In addition, you may automatically receive email alerts and other information about Blackstone when you enroll your email address by visiting the Contact Us/E-mail Alerts section of our website at http://ir.blackstone.com. The contents of our website, any alerts and social media channels are not, however, a part of this report. 22 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Difficult market, economic and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. Our business is materially affected by financial market and economic conditions and events throughout the world that are outside our control. We may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to these conditions and/or events. Such conditions and/or events can adversely affect our business in many ways, including reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, reducing the value or performance of our funds investments and making it more difficult for our funds to exit and realize value from existing investments. This could in turn materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. In addition, in the face of a difficult market or economic environment, we may need to reduce our fixed costs and other expenses in order to maintain profitability. This may include cutting back or eliminating the use of certain services or service providers, or terminating the employment of a significant number of our personnel that, in each case, could be important to our business and without which our operating results could be adversely affected. A failure to manage or reduce our costs and other expenses within a time frame sufficient to match any decrease in profitability would adversely affect our operating performance. Turmoil in the global financial markets can provoke significant volatility of equity and debt securities prices. This can have a material and rapid impact on our mark-to-market valuations, particularly with respect to our public holdings and credit investments. As publicly traded equity securities have in recent years represented a meaningful proportion of the assets of many of our funds, stock market volatility, including a sharp decline in the stock market, may adversely affect our results, including our revenues and net income. Moreover, our public equity holdings have at times been concentrated in a few large positions, thereby making our unrealized mark-to-market valuations particularly sensitive to sharp changes in the price of any of these positions. Further, although the equity markets are not the only means by which we exit investments, periods of challenging equity markets make it more difficult for our funds to realize value from investments. Geopolitical concerns and other global events outside of our control have contributed and may continue to contribute to volatile global equity and debt markets. These concerns and events include, without limitation, trade conflict, civil unrest, threats to national security, and national and international security events (including war, terrorist acts or other hostilities). Geopolitical instability has been prevalent in recent years, and 2025 was a year of significant geopolitical events, including, among others, trade tensions resulting from U.S. tariff implementation and retaliatory tariffs by other countries and ongoing armed conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine. Additionally, the economic outlook for 2026 remains uncertain. Gradual decreases in interest rates during 2025, coupled with resilience in the U.S. economy, contributed to improved investor sentiment, stronger capital markets and increased transaction activity toward the end of 2025. Nevertheless, inflation has remained above the U.S. Federal Reserve s target level, and interest rates remain elevated. Uncertainty regarding the further trajectory of inflation and interest rates creates the potential for volatility in debt and equity markets. Such volatility can contribute to economic deceleration or contraction in the rate of growth in certain industries, sectors or geographies, and in turn, poor financial results for our funds portfolio companies or assets and lower investment returns for our funds. The valuations of our funds real estate assets, and fundraising in certain of our real estate strategies targeting high-net-worth investors, have been adversely impacted in recent years by elevated interest rates and a high, albeit declining, cost of capital. A slower-than-expected decrease in interest rates would continue to present a challenge to real estate valuations. Such factors are even more challenging in the life science office and traditional office market, as well as other properties with long-term leases that do not provide for short-term rent increases. This has adversely impacted, and may further adversely impact, the performance of certain of our real estate funds. 23 Table of Contents A period of economic slowdown, which may occur across one or more industries, sectors or geographies, creates operating performance challenges for certain of our funds investments, which could adversely affect our operating results and cash flows. Despite overall resilience in some geographies, many global economies have in recent years experienced periods of deceleration. Further economic deceleration or contraction in the rate of growth in certain industries, sectors or geographies may contribute to poor financial results for our funds portfolio companies or assets, which may result in lower investment returns for our funds. For example, periods of economic weakness have contributed and may in the future contribute to a decline in commodity prices and decreased consumer demand for certain goods and services, and/or volatility in the oil and natural gas markets, each of which would have an adverse effect on our energy and consumer investments. In addition, slowing growth in certain markets and real estate sectors with excess near-term supply, such as life science office and U.S. multifamily, has negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact the valuations of assets in such sectors in the near term. In addition, the governing agreements of our funds contain only limited requirements, if any, regarding diversification of fund investments (by, for example, sector or geographic region). Accordingly, to the extent our funds investments are concentrated in sectors or geographies that experience more challenging fundamentals, the impact on our funds may be exacerbated. Further, to the extent our funds investments are concentrated in sectors or geographies that have historically experienced strong fundamentals, an adverse shift in such fundamentals may make it more difficult for such funds to replicate their historic performance. For example, our real estate and infrastructure funds have in recent years substantially increased their exposure to digital infrastructure investments, which has supported strong performance for such funds. Such performance would be difficult to replicate if demand for digital infrastructure were substantially reduced, including as a result of economic slowdown or regulatory impediments. This could impact our ability to raise new funds, and adversely impact our operating results and cash flows. Sustained periods of high interest rates and challenging debt market conditions negatively impact the values of certain assets or investments and the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to access capital markets, which could adversely affect investment and realization opportunities, lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income. Following three consecutive rate cuts, the U.S. Federal Reserve held interest rates steady in January 2026 and noted, among other matters, that it would continue to assess and monitor incoming information in considering additional adjustments. Accordingly, uncertainty remains regarding the timing and extent of future interest rate decreases. Elevated interest rates have in recent years created downward pressure on the value of certain assets owned by our funds, including, among others, real estate and fixed-rate debt. A slower-than-expected decrease in interest rates would continue to present a challenge for the valuations of such assets, as well as for fundraising in certain of our strategies targeting high-net-worth investors. Relatedly, slower-than-expected interest rate decreases have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, the ability to realize value from certain investments, such as in certain real estate sectors, given the potential adverse impact on equity prices and caution on the part of potential acquirers. Conversely, in recent periods the performance of certain of our credit funds has benefited from elevated interest rates as a substantial majority of the portfolio is floating rate. Accordingly, a decline in interest rates and/or widening of credit spreads would make it more difficult for such funds to replicate such strong performance. In addition, elevated interest rates increase the cost of debt financing for the transactions our funds pursue. A significant contraction or weakening in the market for debt financing or other adverse change relating to the terms of debt financing (such as, for example, higher equity requirements and/or more restrictive covenants), particularly in the area of acquisition financings for private equity and real estate transactions, could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, a portion of the indebtedness used to finance certain fund investments often includes high-yield debt securities issued in the capital markets. Availability of capital from the high-yield debt markets is subject to significant volatility, and there may be times when we might not be able to access those markets at attractive rates, or at all, when completing an investment. 24 Table of Contents A decline in the pace or size of investments made by our funds may adversely affect our revenues. The revenues that we earn are driven in part by the pace at which our funds make investments and the size of those investments, and a decline in the pace or the size of such investments may reduce our revenues. In particular, in recent years we have meaningfully increased the number of perpetual capital vehicles we offer and the assets under management in such vehicles. This has also resulted in a substantial amount of capital available for deployment, including in such vehicles, and for which we must identify attractive deployment opportunities. The fees we earn from our perpetual capital vehicles represent a significant and growing portion of our overall revenues. If our funds, including our perpetual capital vehicles, are unable to deploy capital at a sufficient pace, our revenues would be adversely impacted. Many factors could cause a decline in the pace of investment, including a market environment characterized by high prices, the inability of our investment professionals to identify attractive investment opportunities, competition for such opportunities among other potential acquirers, decreased availability of financing on attractive terms or at all or decreased availability of investor capital, including as a result of a challenging fundraising environment or heightened investor requests for repurchases in certain vehicles. A number of our funds have invested and intend to continue to invest in large transactions or transactions that otherwise have substantial business, regulatory or legal complexity and may be more difficult to execute successfully than smaller or less complex investments. We may also fail to consummate identified investment opportunities because of regulatory or legal complexities or uncertainty and adverse developments in the U.S. or global economy, financial markets or geopolitical conditions. Additionally, our ability to deploy capital in certain countries may be adversely impacted by U.S. and foreign government policy changes and regulations. Any potential time delay associated 