=== CSCO_2025-10-28.htm.gz ===
csco-20251027 0000858877 DEF 14A False iso4217:USD 0000858877 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 2023-07-30 2024-07-27 0000858877 2022-07-31 2023-07-29 0000858877 2021-08-01 2022-07-30 0000858877 2020-08-01 2021-07-31 0000858877 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 1 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 2 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 5 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 3 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 0000858877 4 2024-07-28 2025-07-26 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11 Message from our Chair and Chief Executive Officer Dear Cisco Stockholders: On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thank you for your investment and trust in Cisco as we focus on making strategic investments in innovation, executing with urgency to capture the opportunities ahead, and driving durable, profitable growth. Fiscal 2025 represented a defining moment in Cisco s history. Against the backdrop of a complex environment, we delivered strong financial results and completed the successful integration of Splunk, while delivering world- class innovation at unprecedented speed. Our teams executed with precision, further deepening relationships with customers and partners, while positioning Cisco at the heart of the most significant technology transition of our lifetime Artificial Intelligence. Having refreshed almost our entire product portfolio with industry-leading networking systems powered by Cisco Silicon One, AI-native security solutions, and software operating systems, I am incredibly proud of our accomplishments and more confident than ever in our ability to provide the critical infrastructure needed for the AI era. We delivered $56.7 billion in revenue in fiscal 2025, up 5% year-over-year, and, with subscriptions making up more than half of our revenue and helping to fuel our profitability, we also delivered strong margins and earnings per share. The profitable growth of our business continues to produce strong cash flows, enabling us to return significant value to you. In fiscal 2025, we returned a total of $12.4 billion through dividends and share repurchases, representing 94% of our free cash flow (1) . We also delivered solid growth in annualized recurring revenue and remaining performance obligations in fiscal 2025, providing a strong foundation for our future performance. I invite you to read more about our financial performance in our 2025 Annual Report and to learn more about how we continue to pursue our Purpose to Power an Inclusive Future for All by visiting our Purpose Reporting Hub (2) on our website. We remain committed to engaging with our stockholders to gain valuable input on our strategy, compensation, sustainability, and governance practices. In fiscal 2025, we engaged with stockholders representing approximately 61% of Cisco s shares outstanding at the end of fiscal year. It is a tremendous honor to lead this company and serve as Chair of the Board. I look forward to your participation in our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and encourage you to vote your shares by proxy and submit your questions ahead of this meeting. Sincerely, Chuck Robbins Chair and Chief Executive Officer October 28, 2025 (1) See the Appendix for a definition of this non-GAAP measure and a reconciliation to its most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. (2) The content of the Purpose Report, our Purpose Reporting Hub, and related supplemental information are not incorporated by reference into this proxy statement or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date Time December 16, 2025 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time Record Date October 17, 2025 Virtual Attendance Instructions Attend the annual meeting online, including to vote and submit questions, at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CSCO2025 Electronic Delivery If you would like to help reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy materials, please consent for electronic delivery of our proxy materials by signing up at www.proxyvote.com or scan the QR code. Items of Business l To elect to Cisco s Board of Directors the following nine nominees presented by the Board: Michael D. Capellas, Mark Garrett, John D. Harris II, Dr. Kristina M. Johnson, Sarah Rae Murphy, Charles H. Robbins, Daniel H. Schulman, Marianna Tessel, and Kevin Weil l To approve the amendment and restatement of the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan l To vote on a non-binding advisory resolution to approve executive compensation l To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Cisco s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending July 25, 2026 l To vote upon a proposal submitted by a stockholder, if properly presented at the annual meeting l To act upon such other matters as may properly come before the annual meeting or any adjournments or postponements Virtual Annual Meeting l We are pleased to provide stockholders with the opportunity to participate in the annual meeting online to facilitate stockholder attendance and to provide a consistent experience to all stockholders regardless of location. l To participate in the virtual-only annual meeting, including to vote or submit questions, stockholders should go to the meeting website at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CSCO2025, enter the 16-digit control number found on your proxy card, voting instruction form, or Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials, and follow the instructions on the website. l If your voting instruction form or Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials does not indicate that you may vote those shares through the www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CSCO2025 website and it does not include a 16 digit control number, you should contact your bank, broker, or other nominee to obtain a legal proxy in order to be able to attend, participate in, and vote at the annual meeting. l Additional information regarding the virtual annual meeting can be found in the Other Important Information About the Meeting section on page 92 . Proxy Voting Whether or not you participate in the annual meeting, it is important that your shares be part of the voting process. Please refer to the section entitled Other Important Information About the Meeting on page 92 of the Proxy Statement for a detailed description of how to vote in advance of the meeting. Mailing Address of Corporate Headquarters 170 West Tasman Drive, San Jose, California 95134 By Order of the Board of Directors Evan Sloves Secretary October 28, 2025 Table of Contents Proxy Summary 1 Governance and Board Matters 6 Corporate Governance 6 Policies, Guidelines, and Practices 6 Public Policy Engagements 7 Stockholder Engagement 7 Board of Directors 7 Board Leadership Structure 7 Board Committees and Meetings 8 Board s Role in Strategy 12 Board s Role in Risk Oversight 13 Director Nominee Qualifications, Skills and Attributes 14 Board Performance Evaluation Process 14 Board Refreshment 15 Stockholder Communications with the Board 16 Proposal 1: Election of Directors 17 Business Experience and Qualifications of Nominees 18 Board Composition 23 Independent Directors 24 Director Compensation 24 Compensation Committee Matters 28 Proposal 2: Approval of the Amendment and Restatement of the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan 28 Proposal 3: Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation 38 Executive Compensation 40 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 40 Compensation Committee Report 65 Fiscal 2025 Compensation Tables 66 Summary Compensation Table 66 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Fiscal 2025 71 Outstanding Equity Awards At Fiscal 2025 Year-End 73 Stock Vested Fiscal 2025 75 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Fiscal 2025 75 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 77 CEO Pay Ratio 79 Pay Versus Performance 80 Ownership of Securities 84 Audit Committee Matters 86 Proposal 4: Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 86 Audit Committee Report 88 Certain Relationships and Transactions with Related Persons 89 Stockholder Proposal 90 Proposal 5: Stockholder Proposal 90 Other Important Information About the Meeting 92 Appendix 99 i Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement Proxy Summary These proxy materials are provided in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors of Cisco Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on December 16, 2025, and at any adjournments or postponements of such meeting. These proxy materials were first sent on or about October 28, 2025 to stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting. This summary highlights selected information about the items to be voted on at the annual meeting and information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all the information that you should consider in deciding how to vote, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. For more complete information about these topics, please review our Annual Report on Form 10-K and the entire Proxy Statement. The information contained on cisco.com or any other website referred to in this Proxy Statement is provided for reference only and is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement. Participating in the Annual Meeting Date and Time Tuesday, December 16, 2025 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time Record Date October 17, 2025 Place Attend the annual meeting online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CSCO2025 using the 16-digit control number on your Notice of Internet Availability, proxy card or voting instruction form. We encourage you to join 15 minutes before the start time. Voting Vote online before the annual meeting at www.proxyvote.com or attend the meeting virtually and follow the instructions on the website. For additional information regarding voting, see the section entitled Other Important Information About the Meeting on page 92 of this Proxy Statement. Question and Answer Session Submit questions before the annual meeting at www.proxyvote.com after logging in with your Control Number or you can submit questions during the meeting. Technical Difficulties If you have difficulty accessing the annual meeting, please call the technical support telephone numbers referenced on the login page of www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CSCO2025. Proxy Summary 1 Annual Meeting Proposals Election of Directors The Board recommends a vote FOR each director nominee See page 17 Approval of the Amendment and Restatement of the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan The Board recommends a vote FOR the approval of the amendment and restatement of the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan See page 28 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation The Board recommends a vote FOR the non-binding advisory resolution to approve executive compensation See page 38 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the first year ending July 25, 2026 See page 86 Stockholder Proposal The Board recommends a vote AGAINST the proposal submitted by a stockholder See page 90 Business Overview Cisco designs and sells a broad range of technologies that help to power, secure, and draw insights from the Internet. We are incorporating artificial intelligence (AI) into our product portfolios across networking, security, collaboration and observability as well as integrating our products more tightly together. We are simplifying how our technology is delivered, managed and optimized and helping customers maximize the business value of their technology investments. In today's digital-first world, businesses and organizations globally are deploying technology to pursue their strategic objectives, from accelerating growth to enhancing operational efficiency and fostering innovation. Our strategy is to securely connect everything to make those desired outcomes possible. Our customers have three key priorities in this dynamic environment: (i) to build modern infrastructure; (ii) to protect against the cyber threats of today and tomorrow; and (iii) to harness the power of AI and data. Cisco is at the forefront of this evolution, developing innovative solutions that leverage advanced AI to deliver more valuable outcomes for our customers. 2 Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement Governance and Board Highlights Cisco s Board is composed of skilled and diverse directors. The Board has established robust corporate governance practices and policies. In particular, the Board believes strongly in the value of an independent board of directors. Cisco has established a Lead Independent Director role with broad authority and responsibility, which is currently held by Mr. Capellas. See the Governance and Board Matters section in this Proxy Statement for more information, including: Our corporate governance policies, guidelines, and practices and where you can find key information regarding our corporate governance initiatives; Our balanced Board leadership structure and qualifications, including a robust Lead Independent Director role; Our initiatives related to Cisco s Purpose to Power an Inclusive Future for All; and Our fiscal 2025 stockholder engagement program, where we engaged with stockholders representing approximately 61% of shares outstanding at the end of the fiscal year, including 30% of our top 30 stockholders. Board Skills and Attributes The below chart summarizes key qualifications, skills and attributes for our director nominees. Proxy Summary 3 Board of Directors Overview Committees Age Director Since Independent Audit Comp Mgmt Dev Nom Gov Public Policy Wesley G. Bush* Former Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Northrop Grumman Corporation 64 2019 Michael D. Capellas LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Capellas Strategic Partners 71 2006 Mark Garrett Former Chief Financial Officer, Adobe Systems Incorporated 67 2018 John D. Harris II Former Vice President of Business Development, Raytheon Company 64 2021 Dr. Kristina M. Johnson Former President, The Ohio State University 68 2012 Sarah Rae Murphy Former Chief Procurement Officer and Senior Vice President of Global Sourcing, United Airlines Holdings, Inc. 42 2022 Charles H. Robbins CHAIR Chief Executive Officer, Cisco 59 2015 Daniel H. Schulman Chief Executive Officer, Verizon Communications Inc. 67 2023 Marianna Tessel Executive Vice President and General Manager, Small Business Group, Intuit Inc. 57 2021 Kevin Weil Vice President, OpenAI for Science, OpenAI 42 2025 Key to Abbreviated Committees Comp Mgmt Dev Compensation and Management Development Committee Member Nom Gov Nomination and Governance Committee Chair * In October 2025, Mr. Bush notified the Board of his decision to not stand for re-election at the 2025 Annual Meeting. Mr. Bush intends to serve on the Board until the 2025 Annual Meeting. 4 Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement Executive Compensation Highlights Our pay practices align with our pay-for-performance philosophy and underscore our commitment to sound compensation and governance practices. Compensation philosophy designed to attract and retain, motivate performance, and reward achievement Performance measures aligned with stockholder interests Majority of annual total direct compensation ( TDC ) is performance-based No dividends paid or dividend equivalents settled on unvested awards Independent compensation committee Independent compensation consultant Comprehensive annual compensation program risk assessment Annual compensation peer group review Caps on incentive compensation Performance on specific initiatives considered in the variable cash incentive program for executive officers None of our executive officers have employment, severance or change in control agreements Stock ownership guidelines and holding requirements Recoupment ( Clawback ) policy Limited perquisites No single-trigger vesting of equity award grants No stock option repricing or cash-out of underwater equity awards No supplemental executive retirement plan or executive defined benefit pension plan No golden parachute tax gross-ups Broad anti-pledging and anti-hedging policies Proxy Summary 5 Governance and Board Matters Corporate Governance Policies, Guidelines, and Practices Cisco is committed to stockholder-friendly corporate governance. The Board of Directors has adopted clear corporate policies that promote excellence in corporate governance. We have adopted policies, guidelines, and practices that are consistent with our commitment to transparency and best-in-class practices, as well as to ensure compliance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), the listing requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ( Nasdaq ), and applicable corporate governance requirements. Key information regarding our corporate governance initiatives can be found in the Governance section of our Investor Relations website at investor.cisco.com which also includes our corporate governance guidelines, our Code of Business Conduct ( COBC ), and the charter for each Board committee. Key Corporate Governance Policies, Guidelines, and Practices Annual elections of directors since our initial public offering Majority voting for uncontested elections of directors Majority of our Board is independent of Cisco A robust Lead Independent Director role with broad authority and responsibility Independent members of the Board meet regularly without the presence of management Stockholders may recommend a director nominee to our Nomination and Governance Committee Stockholders that meet eligibility requirements may submit director candidates for election in our proxy statement through our proxy access bylaw provision Stockholders have the right to take action by written consent Stockholders owning 10% of the outstanding shares of our common stock have the right to call a special meeting No poison pill All members of key committees of our Board the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Management Development Committee (the Compensation Committee ), and the Nomination and Governance Committee are independent Charters of each Board committee clearly establish the committees respective roles and responsibilities We have a clear COBC that is monitored by our ethics office and is annually affirmed by our employees Our ethics office has a hotline available to all employees Our Audit Committee has procedures in place for the anonymous submission of employee complaints on accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer and all members of our finance department, including the principal financial officer and principal accounting officer Our internal audit function maintains critical oversight over the key areas of our business and financial processes and controls, and reports directly to our Audit Committee A compensation recoupment ( clawback ) policy that applies to our executive officers Stock ownership guidelines and holding requirements for our non-employee directors and executive officers 6 Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies We are committed to promoting high standards of ethical business conduct and compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. As part of this commitment, we have adopted an Insider Trading Policy governing transactions in our securities by our directors, employees, contractors, consultants and other personnel providing services to Cisco, as well as by Cisco itself, that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and Nasdaq listing standards. A copy of our Insider Trading Policy was filed as Exhibit 19.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 26, 2025. Public Policy Engagements Information about our public policy engagement approach, including our policy priorities, our limitations relating to public policy-related activities, and the manner in which we disclose our public policy efforts (including annual payments to trade associations and political action committee contributions), is disclosed on our public website at https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/about/government-affairs.html. In part as a result of proactive engagement with our stockholders, we regularly review and update this web page. Stockholder Engagement At Cisco, we recognize the importance of regular and transparent communication with our stockholders. Each year, we continually engage with a significant portion of stockholders that include our top institutional investors. In fiscal 2025, Cisco engaged in outreach with investors representing approximately 61% of shares outstanding at the end of the fiscal year, and of those investors, either our Chair and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ), the chair of our Compensation Committee, Secretary, and/or our Investor Relations team held meetings, conference calls and/or corresponded with investors representing approximately 28% of our outstanding shares at the end of the fiscal year, including 30% of our 30 largest stockholders. We engaged with these stockholders on a variety of topics, including our business and long-term strategy, corporate governance and risk management practices, board leadership, corporate responsibility initiatives, our executive compensation program, and other matters of stockholder interest. Board of Directors Our Board is committed to strong corporate governance structures and practices that help Cisco build long-term stockholder value. Our Board believes strongly in the value of an independent board of directors and has established a Lead Independent Director role with broad authority and responsibility, as described further below. Additionally, our Board is composed of skilled and diverse directors. Board Leadership Structure Board Independence Our Board believes strongly in the value of an independent board of directors. Other than Mr. Robbins, our CEO, all members of our Board are independent. Independent Board members have consistently comprised over 75% of the members of our Board. Additionally, all members of our Board committees, including the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nomination and Governance Committee, are independent. The independent members of the Board also meet regularly during executive sessions of the Board without management present, and the Lead Independent Director chairs those sessions. Mr. Capellas currently serves as Lead Independent Director, and Mr. Robbins currently serves as Board Chair and CEO. Board Chair The Board believes it should maintain flexibility to determine the Board leadership structure from time to time. Our policies do not preclude our CEO from also serving as Board Chair. For instance, Mr. Robbins, our CEO, currently serves as Board Chair. The Board believes our current leadership structure, which includes a strong Lead Independent Director, provides appropriate balance and currently is in the best interest of Cisco and our stockholders. The broad authority and oversight given to the Lead Independent Director role, as described in detail below, helps ensure a strong independent and active Board. Additionally, Mr. Robbins demonstrated leadership during his tenure at Cisco, and his ability to speak as both Board Chair and CEO, provides a strong unified leadership for Cisco. Governance and Board Matters 7 Lead Independent Director The Lead Independent Director is elected by and from the independent directors. Each term of service for the Lead Independent Director position is one year, and the Lead Independent Director has the following responsibilities: l Authority to call meetings of the independent directors l Presides at all meetings of the Board at which the Board Chair is not present, including executive sessions of the independent directors (during which Cisco s strategy is reviewed and other topics are discussed) l Serves as principal liaison between the independent directors and the Chair and CEO l Communicates from time to time with the Chair and CEO and disseminates information to the rest of the Board as appropriate l Provides leadership to the Board if circumstances arise in which the role of the Board Chair may be, or may be perceived to be, in conflict l Reviews and approves agendas and meeting schedules to assure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items, and information provided to the Board (including the quality, quantity, and timeliness of such information) l Being available, as appropriate, for consultation and direct communication with major stockholders and other stakeholders l Presides over the annual performance evaluation of the Board, including the performance evaluation of each Board committee and individual Board members l Facilitates the Board s performance evaluation of the CEO in conjunction with the Compensation Committee In connection with Mr. Capellas appointment as Lead Independent Director, the Board considered his demonstrated leadership during his tenure as a member of the Board, and also his leadership during his tenure as chair of the Nomination and Governance Committee, and as chair of former standing committees, including the Acquisition Committee and the Finance Committee, and believes his ability to act as a strong Lead Independent Director provides balance in Cisco s leadership structure and is in the best interest of Cisco and its stockholders. Board Committees and Meetings Cisco currently has four standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Nomination and Governance Committee, and the Public Policy Committee. Each of the standing committees has a written charter approved by the Board. A copy of each charter can be found on the Committees web page, which is located in the Corporate Governance section of our Investor Relations website at investor.cisco.com. During fiscal 2025, the Board held six meetings. During this period, all of the incumbent directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of the Board and the committees of the Board on which each such director served, during the period for which such director served. Cisco s directors are strongly encouraged to attend the annual meeting. Nine of Cisco s directors who were then serving on the Board attended last year s annual meeting. 8 Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement Audit Committee 12 Meetings Mark Garrett (Chair) John D. Harris II Sarah Rae Murphy Responsibilities and Duties Include: l Directly responsible for the appointment, determination of the compensation for, retention, and oversight of the performance of the independent registered public accounting firm l Reviews the financial information which will be provided to stockholders and others, including the quarterly and year-end financial results l Reviews the system of internal controls which management and the Board have established l Reviews the financial and risk management policies (including cybersecurity and data protection, insurance, currency, interest rate and equity risk management policies and programs) l Reviews policies and programs for addressing cybersecurity and data protection l Oversees accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of Cisco's financial statements l Pre-approves audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm l Reviews the hiring policies for any employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm l Oversees and reviews related party transactions l Establishes procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints received by Cisco regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters, and the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters l Reviews annually the responsibilities and activities for the prior and upcoming fiscal year of each of our internal audit and compliance functions, including the internal audit charter, risk-based internal audit plan, and the audit functions budget and staffing l Reviews activities related to coordinating, developing, and maintaining our enterprise risk management program l Meets separately in periodic executive sessions with each of management, the head of our internal audit function, and the independent registered public accounting firm l Reviews and approves the global investment policy l Reviews Cisco's capital structure and capital allocation strategy, including dividends and the stock repurchase program l Reports to the Board on a regular basis on the major events covered by the Audit Committee and makes recommendations to the Board and management concerning these matters Composition of the Committee l Each member of this committee has been determined by the Board to be an "audit committee financial expert" as defined in Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") l Each member of this committee is an independent director and meets each of the other requirements for audit committee members under applicable Nasdaq listing standards The members of the Audit Committee during fiscal 2025 were: Mark Garrett (Chair), John D. Harris II, and Sarah Rae Murphy for all of fiscal 2025; and Ekta-Singh Bushell, a former Board member, until December 2024. Governance and Board Matters 9 Compensation and Management Development Committee 5 Meetings Daniel H. Schulman (Chair) Dr. Kristina M. Johnson Marianna Tessel Responsibilities and Duties Include: l Reviews, annually, and approves corporate goals and objectives relevant to executive compensation and evaluates performance in light of those goals l Reviews and approves our compensation to executive officers l Approves any perquisites, cash payments and other compensation and benefit arrangements to executive officers l Reviews matters related to management performance, compensation and succession planning, including review and approval of CEO succession planning l Reviews and oversees the development and implementation of our practices, strategies, and policies used for recruiting, managing, and developing employees (i.e., human capital management) l Reviews annually and approves our compensation strategy to help ensure that it promotes stockholder interests and supports our strategic and tactical objectives and that it provides appropriate rewards and incentives for management and employees, including review of compensation-related risk management Composition of the Committee l Each member of this committee is an independent director under applicable Nasdaq listing standards, including the additional independence requirements specific to compensation committee membership l Each member of this committee is a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act The members of the Compensation Committee during fiscal 2025 were: Wesley G. Bush, John D. Harris II, Dr. Kristina M. Johnson, and Daniel H. Schulman (Chair). In August 2025, Mr. Bush and Mr. Harris left the Compensation Committee and Ms. Tessel joined the Compensation Committee. Executive Compensation For fiscal 2025, the Compensation Committee performed the above oversight responsibilities and duties by, among other things, conducting an evaluation of the design of our executive compensation program, in light of our risk management policies and programs. For additional information regarding the Compensation Committee s risk management review, see the Executive Compensation Governance Components section of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ). The Compensation Committee has the exclusive authority and responsibility to determine all aspects of executive compensation packages for executive officers. During fiscal 2025, the Compensation Committee retained Exequity LLP ( Exequity ) as its independent compensation consultant to help the Compensation Committee establish and implement its compensation philosophy, to evaluate compensation proposals recommended by management, and to provide advice and recommendations on competitive market practices and specific compensation decisions for executive officers. The Compensation Committee retains and does not delegate any of its exclusive power to determine all matters of executive compensation and benefits, although the CEO and the People and Communities organization present compensation and benefit proposals to the Compensation Committee. Exequity worked directly with the Compensation Committee (and not on behalf of management) to assist the Compensation Committee in satisfying its responsibilities and did not undertake projects for management except at the request of the Compensation Committee chair and in the capacity of the Compensation Committee s agent. During fiscal 2025, Exequity performed no other consulting or other services for Cisco management and did not undertake any projects for management. For additional description of the Compensation Committee s processes and procedures for consideration and determination of executive officer compensation, see the Compensation Committee Matters Executive Compensation CD A section in this Proxy Statement. 10 Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation No member of the Compensation Committee was, at any time during fiscal 2025 or at any other time, an officer or employee of Cisco, and no member had any relationship with Cisco requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. No executive officer of Cisco has served on the board of directors or compensation committee of any other entity that has or has had one or more executive officers who served as a member of the Board or the Compensation Committee during fiscal 2025. Nomination and Governance Committee 7 Meetings Michael D. Capellas (Chair) Mark Garrett Daniel H. Schulman Responsibilities and Duties Include: l Oversees, reviews, and makes periodic recommendations concerning our corporate governance policies l Reviews and assesses director independence l Makes recommendations regarding the size, structure and composition of the Board and its committees l Oversees the annual Board performance evaluation process l Recommends candidates for election to the Board l Reviews and recommends compensation for non-employee members of the Board l Reviews acquisition strategies with management and approve acquisitions or investments up to $2 billion per transaction in cash, stock, or a combination thereof Composition of the Committee l Each member of this committee is an independent director under applicable Nasdaq listing standards The members of the Nomination and Governance Committee during fiscal 2025 were: Michael D. Capellas (Chair), Mark Garrett, and Daniel H. Schulman. Director Compensation Cisco s director compensation program is designed to attract and retain highly qualified non-employee directors and to address the time, effort, expertise, and accountability required of active board membership. In connection with reviewing and recommending compensation for non-employee directors, the Nomination and Governance Committee retained Exequity as its independent compensation consultant during fiscal 2025. The Nomination and Governance Committee makes recommendations to the Board regarding compensation for non-employee directors using a process similar to the one used by the Compensation Committee for determining compensation for Cisco s executive officers. Generally, the Nomination and Governance Committee annually reviews the market practice for non- employee director compensation for companies in Cisco s peer group (as set forth in the CD A) in consultation with its independent compensation consultant and assesses whether the total compensation of our non-employee directors and each element of our non-employee director compensation program continues to be competitive with the market for qualified directors, incorporates best practices and aligns the interests of our non-employee directors with the long-term interests of our stockholders. Governance and Board Matters 11 Director Nominations Stockholders may recommend a director nominee to Cisco s Nomination and Governance Committee. In recommending candidates for election to the Board, the Nomination and Governance Committee considers nominees recommended by directors, officers, employees, stockholders and others, using the same criteria to evaluate all candidates. The Nomination and Governance Committee reviews each candidate s qualifications, including whether a candidate possesses any of the specific qualities and skills desirable in certain members of the Board. Evaluations of candidates generally involve a review of background materials, internal discussions, and interviews with selected candidates as appropriate. The Nomination and Governance Committee may engage consultants or third-party search firms to assist in identifying and evaluating potential nominees. Upon selection of a qualified candidate, the Nomination and Governance Committee recommends the candidate for consideration by the full Board. For more detailed information on how to recommend a prospective nominee for the Nomination and Governance Committee s consideration or to submit a nominee for inclusion in Cisco s proxy materials pursuant to the proxy access provisions of Cisco s bylaws, see the Other Important Information About the Meeting Stockholder Proposals and Nominations for 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders section. Public Policy Committee 4 Meetings Wesley G. Bush (Chair) Michael D. Capellas Kevin Weil Responsibilities and Duties Include: l Reviews and discusses with management, and brings to the attention of the Board, as appropriate, the initiatives, policies, programs, and strategies relating to public policy matters, including, but not limited to, trade and supply chain policy, legislative and government policy, and AI governance and policy l Reviews and discusses with management and brings to the attention of the Board, as appropriate, external legislative, regulatory, and public policy developments and trends that could affect our business activities, performance, and reputation l Reviews, as appropriate, the annual Purpose Report and related matters l Reviews the outcomes of the Cisco Foundation and Cisco s charitable giving, and reviews the policies and guidelines for Cisco s charitable programs Composition of the Committee The members of the Public Policy Committee during fiscal 2025 were: Wesley G. Bush (Chair), Michael D. Capellas, and Dr. Kristina M. Johnson for all of fiscal 2025; and Ekta- Singh Bushell, a former Board member, until December 2024. In August 2025, Dr. Johnson left the Public Policy Committee and Mr. Weil joined the Public Policy Committee. Board s Role in Strategy One of the Board s key responsibilities is overseeing management s formulation and execution of Cisco s strategy. Throughout the year, our CEO, the executive leadership team, and other leaders from across the organization provide detailed business and strategy updates to the Board. During these updates, the Board engages with the executive leadership team and other business leaders regarding various topics, including business strategy and initiatives, capital allocation, portfolio updates, the competitive landscape, talent and culture, other matters affecting our long- term strategy (including our environmental impact and human rights implications of Cisco product development and sales), and regulatory developments. Additionally, on an annual basis, the Board reviews and approves Cisco s financial plan. The Lead Independent Director chairs regularly scheduled executive sessions of the independent directors, without Cisco management present, during which Cisco s business strategy is reviewed and other topics are discussed. 12 Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement Board s Role in Risk Oversight We believe that risk is inherent in innovation and the pursuit of long-term growth opportunities. Our management is responsible for day-to-day risk management activities. The Board, acting directly and through its committees, is responsible for the oversight of our risk management. With the oversight of the Board, our management team has implemented practices, processes and programs designed to help manage the risks to which we are exposed in our business and to align risk-taking appropriately with our efforts to increase stockholder value. Our management team has implemented an enterprise risk management ( ERM ) program designed to work across the organization to identify, evaluate, govern and manage risks, as well as our response to those risks. This risk assessment process considers the time horizons of identified risks, such that the management of significant risks can be prioritized, in part, based on the timeframe of such risks. Our internal audit function manages the enterprise ERM program and performs an annual risk assessment which is utilized by the ERM program, which is informed by industry trends, benchmarking and third-party professionals. The structure of the ERM program includes both an ERM operating committee consisting of members of senior management, including our Chief Compliance Officer, who reports directly to our Chief Legal Officer, that focuses on risk management-related topics, and an ERM executive committee consisting of members of our executive leadership team. Our Board directly and through its Audit Committee oversees our financial and risk management policies, including risk management policies and programs related to cybersecurity and data protection, currency, interest rate, equity, and insurance risk, receives regular reports on ERM from the chair of the ERM operating committee. Additionally, the Audit Committee receives regular reports on cybersecurity risks, priorities, and focus areas from our Chief Security and Trust Officer at least four times per year and receives a live presentation from our Chief Security and Trust Officer two or more times per year. As part of its responsibilities and duties, the Audit Committee reviews our policies and programs for addressing data protection, including both privacy and security, including with respect to (a) our products and services, (b) the servers, data centers, networks, systems, and cloud-based services operated or enabled by Cisco, or by third parties upon which Cisco relies, on or through which Cisco s and third-party data are stored, processed, or can be accessed. Our Board also receives updates from the Audit Committee on its oversight activities and, on occasion, receives updates directly from our Chief Security and Trust Officer. Additionally, the Chief Security and Trust Officer provides more frequent updates to the Board and Audit Committee if necessary due to a cybersecurity threat, incident, or other development. For more information on our oversight of cybersecurity risk, please see Item 1C. Cybersecurity in Cisco s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2025, which accompanies this Proxy Statement. The Audit Committee also oversees Cisco s investment policy and certain other activities of our treasury function. As part of the overall risk oversight framework, other committees of the Board also oversee certain categories of risk associated with their respective areas of responsibility. For example, the Compensation Committee oversees compensation-related risk management, as discussed in the Governance and Board Matters Corporate Governance Board of Directors Board Committees and Meetings Compensation and Management Development Committee and Compensation Committee Matters Executive Compensation CD A sections in this Proxy Statement. Each committee reports regularly to the full Board on its activities. In addition, the Board participates in regular discussions with our executive management on many core subjects, including strategy, operations, information systems, finance, legal and public policy matters, in which risk oversight is an inherent element. The Board believes the leadership structure described in the Governance and Board Matters Corporate Governance Board of Directors Board Leadership Structure section facilitates the Board s oversight of risk management because it allows the Board, with leadership from the Lead Independent Director and working through its committees, including the independent Audit Committee, to proactively participate in the oversight of management s actions. Governance and Board Matters 13 Director Nominee Qualifications, Skills and Attributes The table below summarizes key qualifications, skills and attributes most relevant to the decision to nominate our director candidates to serve on the Board. A mark indicates a specific area of focus or experience on which the Board relies most. The lack of a mark does not mean the director nominee does not possess that qualification or skill. Each director nominee biography in Governance and Board Matters Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors below describes each nominee s qualifications and relevant experience in more detail. Capellas Garrett Harris Johnson Murphy Robbins Schulman Tessel Weil Leadership Technology Financial Experience Global Business Sales and Marketing Academia Public Company Board Experience Demographic Background Gender M M M F F M M F M Ethnicity White White Black or African American Native American White White White White White White Board Performance Evaluation Process The Board recognizes that a robust and constructive performance evaluation process is an essential component of Board effectiveness. As such, the Board conducts an annual performance evaluation that is intended to determine whether the Board, each of its committees, and individual Board members are functioning effectively, and to provide them with an opportunity to reflect upon and improve processes and effectiveness. This annual performance evaluation is designed to identify any themes or issues that have emerged. The Nomination and Governance Committee oversees this process, which is led by the Lead Independent Director. As part of this process, the Lead Independent Director conducts discussions with Board members to obtain their assessment of the effectiveness and performance of the Board and Board members. The Board considers the results and ways in which its processes and effectiveness may be enhanced. 14 Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement Board Refreshment We regularly evaluate the need for Board refreshment. The Nomination and Governance Committee and the Board are focused on identifying individuals whose skills and experiences will enable them to make meaningful contributions to the shaping of Cisco s business strategy. In May 2025, the Board appointed Kevin Weil as a director upon the recommendation of the Nomination and Governance Committee. For more information on the skills and experience of Mr. Weil, see Governance and Board Matters Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors . As part of its consideration of director succession, the Nomination and Governance Committee from time-to-time reviews, including when considering potential candidates, the appropriate skills and characteristics required of Board members such as diversity of business experience, viewpoints and personal background, and diversity of skills in technology, finance, marketing, international business, financial reporting and other areas that are expected to contribute to an effective Board. In evaluating potential candidates for the Board, the Nomination and Governance Committee considers these factors in the light of the specific needs of the Board at that time. Additionally, due to the global and complex nature of our business, the Board believes it is important to include individuals with diversity of race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, age, education, cultural background, and professional experiences, and those factors are considered in evaluating board candidates in order to provide practical insights and diverse perspectives. Cisco s corporate governance guidelines provide that any non-employee director who has served for a total of 20 years of service will not be re-nominated for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders, absent special circumstances. Further, the corporate governance guidelines provide that the Board will take into consideration the age of any current or prospective Board member whose age would be 72 or older when elected, re-elected, or appointed to the Board and, before nominating or appointing such Board member, the Board will make an affirmative determination that it is in the best interests of Cisco and its stockholders for that individual to serve on the Board. The average tenure of the director nominees is approximately 6.9 years. The Nomination and Governance Committee and the Board will regularly evaluate the key qualifications, skills and attributes required in order to effectively refresh the Board with engaged and dynamic leaders with a proven business track record who will bring fresh perspectives to the Board while maintaining the productive working dynamics and collegiality of the Board. The brief biographical description of each nominee set forth in the Governance and Board Matters Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors Business Experience and Qualifications of Nominees section and the matrix set forth in Governance and Board Matters Corporate Governance Board of Directors Director Nominee Qualifications, Skills and Attributes section above include the primary individual experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills of each of our directors that led to the conclusion that each director should serve as a member of the Board at this time. Five of our independent director nominees have joined our Board since 2021, representing 63% of our independent Board member nominees. Governance and Board Matters 15 Stockholder Communications with the Board Stockholders may communicate with our Board through Cisco s Secretary by sending an email to bod@cisco.com, or by writing to the following address: Board of Directors c/o Evan Sloves, Secretary Cisco Systems, Inc. 170 West Tasman Drive San Jose, California 95134 Stockholders also may communicate with the Board s Compensation Committee through Cisco s Secretary by sending an email to compensationcommittee@cisco.com, or by writing to the following address: Compensation and Management Development Committee c/o Evan Sloves, Secretary Cisco Systems, Inc. 170 West Tasman Drive San Jose, California 95134 Cisco s Secretary will forward all correspondence to the Board or the Compensation Committee, except for spam, junk mail, mass mailings, product or service complaints or inquiries, job inquiries, surveys, business solicitations or advertisements, or patently offensive or otherwise inappropriate material. Cisco s Secretary may forward certain correspondence, such as product-related inquiries, elsewhere within Cisco for review and possible response. 16 Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement Election of Directors The names of persons who are nominees for director and their current positions and offices with Cisco are set forth in the table below. The proxy holders intend to vote all proxies received by them for the nominees listed below unless otherwise instructed. Each of the current directors, other than Wesley G. Bush, has been nominated for election by the Board upon recommendation by the Nomination and Governance Committee and has decided to stand for election. In October 2025, Wesley G. Bush notified the Board of his decision to not stand for re-election at the 2025 Annual Meeting. Mr. Bush intends to serve on the Board until the 2025 Annual Meeting. The authorized number of directors is presently ten, and in connection with the election of the directors at the 2025 Annual Meeting, the authorized number of directors is being reduced to nine. The Board appointed Kevin Weil to the Board in May 2025 upon recommendation of the Nomination and Governance Committee. Mr. Weil was brought to the attention of the Nomination and Governance Committee as a potential candidate by one of Cisco s independent, non-management directors. Director Nominees Positions and Offices Held with Cisco Age Director Since Other Public Company Boards Michael D. Capellas Lead Independent Director 71 2006 1 Mark Garrett Director 67 2018 2 John D. Harris II Director 64 2021 3 Dr. Kristina M. Johnson Director 68 2012 2 Sarah Rae Murphy Director 42 2022 0 Charles H. Robbins Chair and CEO 59 2015 1 Daniel H. Schulman Director 67 2023 2 Marianna Tessel Director 57 2021 0 Kevin Weil Director 42 2025 0 Governance and Board Matters 17 Business Experience and Qualifications of Nominees Michael D. Capellas LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 71 Director Since: 2006 Nomination and Governance (Chair), Public Policy Other public company directorships l Cellebrite DI Ltd. Former public company directorships in the past 5 years l The Beauty Health Company (ended in 2025) l Flex Ltd. (ended in 2024) l Elliott Opportunity II Corp. (ended in 2023) Business Experience Mr. Capellas has served as founder and Chief Executive Officer of Capellas Strategic Partners since November 2012. He served as Chair of the Board of VCE Company, LLC ( VCE ) from January 2011 until November 2012 and as Chief Executive Officer of VCE from May 2010 to September 2011. Mr. Capellas was the Chair and Chief Executive Officer of First Data Corporation from September 2007 to March 2010. From November 2002 to January 2006, he served as Chief Executive Officer of MCI, Inc. ( MCI ), previously WorldCom. From November 2002 to March 2004, he was also Chair of the Board of WorldCom, and he continued to serve as a member of the board of directors of MCI until January 2006. Mr. Capellas left MCI as planned in early January 2006 upon its acquisition by Verizon Communications Inc. Previously, Mr. Capellas was President of Hewlett-Packard Company ( Hewlett- Packard ) from May 2002 to November 2002. Before the merger of Hewlett-Packard and Compaq Computer Corporation ( Compaq ) in May 2002, Mr. Capellas was President and Chief Executive Officer of Compaq, a position he had held since July 1999, and Chair of the Board of Compaq, a position he had held since September 2000. Mr. Capellas held earlier positions as Chief Information Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Compaq. Qualifications Mr. Capellas brings to the Board experience in executive roles and a background of leading global organizations in the technology industry. Through this experience, he has developed expertise in several valued areas including strategic product development, business development, sales, marketing, and finance. Mr. Capellas also has experience serving as a public company outside director. 18 Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement Mark Garrett INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 67 Director Since: 2018 Committee Memberships: Audit (Chair), Nomination and Governance Other public company directorships l GoDaddy Inc. l Snowflake Inc. Former public company directorships in the past 5 years l NightDragon Acquisition Corp. (ended in 2022) l Pure Storage, Inc. (ended in 2021) Business Experience Mr. Garrett has served as a Senior Advisor at Permira since June 2021. Mr. Garrett served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Adobe Systems Incorporated from February 2007 to April 2018. From January 2004 to February 2007, Mr. Garrett served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Software Group of EMC Corporation ( EMC ). From August 2002 to January 2004 and from 1997 to 1999, Mr. Garrett served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Documentum, Inc., including through its acquisition by EMC in December 2003. Qualifications Mr. Garrett brings to the Board extensive history of leadership in finance and accounting in the technology industry, including experience in product and business model transition and transformation to the cloud. Mr. Garrett also has experience serving as a public company outside director. John D. Harris II INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 64 Director Since: 2021 Committee Memberships: Audit Other public company directorships l Exxon Mobil Corporation l Flex Ltd. l Kyndryl Holdings, Inc. Former public company directorships in the past 5 years None Business Experience Mr. Harris served as Vice President of Business Development of Raytheon Company ( Raytheon ) and Chief Executive Officer of Raytheon International, Inc. from September 2013 to April 2020. Mr. Harris joined Raytheon in 1983 and throughout his career at Raytheon, he held various leadership positions, including serving as General Manager of Raytheon s Intelligence, Information and Services business, President of Raytheon Technical Services Company, Vice President of Operations and Contracts for Raytheon s former Electronic Systems business, Vice President of Contracts for Raytheon s government and defense businesses, and Vice President of Contracts and Supply Chain for Raytheon Company. In 2010, Mr. Harris was honored with the prestigious Black Engineer of the Year Award. Qualifications Mr. Harris brings to the Board an extensive history of leadership in sales and marketing, supply chain management, international business and government relations operations functions, including expertise in both technology and manufacturing industries. Mr. Harris also has experience serving as a public company outside director. Governance and Board Matters 19 Dr. Kristina M. Johnson INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 68 Director Since: 2012 Committee Memberships: Compensation Other public company directorships l DuPont de Nemours, Inc. l Minerals Technologies, Inc. Former public company directorships in the past 5 years None Business Experience Dr. Kristina M. Johnson has held leadership positions in academia, industry and government, including service as Managing Partner of Catalyzer Ventures since May 2025 and as CEO of Johnson Energy Holdings, LLC since May 2024; President of The Ohio State University from September 2020 to May 2023; chancellor of the State University of New York from September 2017 to August 2020; co-founder and CEO of hydropower companies, Enduring Hydro, LLC and Cube Hydro Partners, LLC from 2011 to 2017; Undersecretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy from May 2009 to October 2010; senior vice president and provost at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009; and dean of engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Dr. Johnson s pioneering work in liquid-crystal on silicon micro-displays, polarization optics and imaging at the University of Colorado Boulder was spun off into several companies, including ColorLink, Inc., which helped create modern 3D movies such as Avatar and hundreds of others. Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame, is a member of the National Academy of Engineering and the National Academy of Inventors, has received the John Fritz Medal, widely regarded as the highest award given by the engineering societies, and is a 2025 recipient of the National Medal of Technology and Innovation. Dr. Johnson holds five honorary degrees, and earned her B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering at Stanford University. Qualifications Dr. Johnson brings to the Board an engineering background, as well as expertise in science, technology, business, education and government. In addition, she has leadership and management experience, both in an academic context as chancellor, provost and dean of nationally recognized academic institutions and in a corporate context as a board member of public companies. Sarah Rae Murphy INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 42 Director Since: 2022 Committee Memberships: Audit Other public company directorships None Former public company directorships in the past 5 years None Business Experience Ms. Murphy served as Chief Procurement Officer and Senior Vice President, Global Sourcing of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. ( United Airlines ) from October 2021 to May 2022. She held other executive leadership roles at United Airlines including Senior Vice President, United Express from June 2019 to October 2021 and Vice President, Global Operations Strategy, Planning and Design from October 2016 to June 2019. At United Airlines, she previously also held various financial leadership positions including Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis and leading investor relations. Prior to joining United Airlines in 2006, Ms. Murphy began her career at Merrill Lynch in its investment banking division. Qualifications Ms. Murphy brings to the Board broad executive leadership experience in finance, operations and commercial functions in a global business. Her enterprise experience in leading innovation and transformation to enhance customer experience adds a valuable perspective to the Board. 20 Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement Charles H. Robbins BOARD CHAIR Age: 59 Director Since: 2015 Other public company directorships l BlackRock, Inc. Former public company directorships in the past 5 years None Business Experience Mr. Robbins has served as CEO since July 2015, as a member of the Board since May 2015 and as Chair of the Board since December 2017. He joined Cisco in December 1997, from which time until March 2002 he held a number of managerial positions within Cisco s sales organization. Mr. Robbins was promoted to Vice President in March 2002, assuming leadership of Cisco s U.S. channel sales organization. Additionally, in July 2005 he assumed leadership of Cisco s Canada channel sales organization. In December 2007, Mr. Robbins was promoted to Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial, and in August 2009 he was appointed Senior Vice President, U.S. Enterprise, Commercial and Canada. In July 2011, Mr. Robbins was named Senior Vice President, Americas. In October 2012, Mr. Robbins was promoted to Senior Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations, in which position he served until assuming the role of CEO. Qualifications Mr. Robbins brings to the Board extensive industry, company and operational experience acquired from having served as Cisco s CEO since 2015, and prior to that from having led Cisco s global sales and partner teams. He has a thorough knowledge of Cisco s segments, technology areas, geographies and competition. He has a proven track record of driving results and played a key role in leading and executing many of Cisco s investments and strategy shifts to meet its growth initiatives. Daniel H. Schulman INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 67 Director Since: 2023 Committee Memberships: Compensation (Chair), Nomination and Governance Other public company directorships l Lazard, Inc. l Verizon Communications Inc. Former public company directorships in the past 5 years l PayPal Holdings, Inc. (ended in 2023) Business Experience Mr. Schulman has served as Chief Executive Officer of Verizon Communications Inc. ( Verizon ), a global telecommunications company, since October 2025. Prior to joining Verizon, Mr. Schulman served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of PayPal Holdings, Inc. ( PayPal ) from July 2015 to September 2023 and as PayPal s President and Chief Executive Officer-Designee from September 2014 to July 2015. He also served on PayPal s Board from July 2015 to December 2023. Prior to PayPal, Mr. Schulman served as Group President, Enterprise Group of American Express Company from August 2010 to August 2014. Mr. Schulman was President, Prepaid Group of Sprint Nextel Corporation from November 2009 to August 2010, and also served in other executive leadership positions at Virgin Mobile USA, Inc., Priceline Group, Inc., and AT T, Inc. Qualifications Mr. Schulman brings to the Board his strong leadership experience driving business transformation in the digital era as well as his deep experience in technology and strategic planning. Mr. Schulman also has experience serving as a public company outside director. Governance and Board Matters 21 Marianna Tessel INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 57 Director Since: 2021 Committee Memberships: Compensation Other public company directorships None Former public company directorships in the past 5 years None Business Experience Ms. Tessel serves as Executive Vice President and General Manager, Small Business Group of Intuit Inc. ( Intuit ), a financial software company. She joined Intuit in 2017 and served as Intuit s Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer from January 2019 to September 2023. Prior to joining Intuit, Ms. Tessel served as Senior Vice President of Engineering and Executive Vice President of Strategic Development for Docker Inc., a software containerization platform. Ms. Tessel also previously served as Vice President of Engineering with VMware Inc. Qualifications Ms. Tessel brings to the Board her deep expertise in enterprise software and a track record delivering software solutions that solve challenges for businesses. She is also a transformational leader in the software technology industry with a strong engineering background. Kevin Weil INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 42 Director Since: 2025 Committee Memberships: Public Policy Other public company directorships None Former public company directorships in the past 5 years None Business Experience Mr. Weil serves as Vice President, OpenAI for Science of OpenAI, an AI research and deployment company. Mr. Weil previously served as OpenAI s Chief Product Officer from June 2024 to October 2025. Prior to joining OpenAI, Mr. Weil served as President, Product Business at Planet Labs PBC, a public benefit corporation that provides global, daily satellite imagery and geospatial solutions, from April 2021 to May 2024. Mr. Weil also previously served as Vice President of Product at Instagram Inc. ( Instagram ), and then subsequently as Vice President of Product, Novi at Meta Platforms, Inc. ( Meta ) upon Meta s acquisition of Instagram, from March 2016 to April 2021. Prior to Meta, Mr. Weil was Senior Vice President of Product at Twitter, Inc. Qualifications Mr. Weil brings to the Board his deep expertise in AI and product innovation, which the Board believes will add a valuable perspective to help guide Cisco s strategic initiatives. 22 Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement Board Composition Due to the global and complex nature of our business, the Board believes it is important to consider diversity of race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, age, education, cultural background, and professional experiences in evaluating board candidates in order to provide practical insights and diverse perspectives. Below is an overview of our director nominee composition. Governance and Board Matters 23 Independent Directors Upon recommendation of the Nomination and Governance Committee, the Board has affirmatively determined that each member of the Board, other than Mr. Robbins, is independent under the criteria established by Nasdaq for director independence. All members of our Audit, Compensation, and Nomination and Governance committees are independent directors. In addition, upon recommendation of the Nomination and Governance Committee, the Board has determined that the members of the Audit Committee and the members of the Compensation Committee meet the additional independence criteria required for membership on those committees under applicable Nasdaq listing standards. The Nasdaq criteria include a subjective test and various objective standards, such as the director is not an employee of Cisco. Mr. Robbins is deemed not independent because he is a Cisco employee. The subjective test under Nasdaq criteria for director independence requires that each independent director not have a relationship that, in the opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The subjective evaluation of director independence by the Board was made in the context of the objective standards referenced above. In making its independence determinations, the Board generally considers commercial, financial services, charitable, and other transactions, as well as other relationships between Cisco and each director and nominee and his or her family members and affiliated entities. For example, the Nomination and Governance Committee reviewed, for each independent director and nominee, transactions between Cisco and other organizations where such directors serve as executive officers or directors, none of which exceeded 1% of the recipient s annual revenues during the relevant periods, except as described below. For each of the independent directors, the Board determined based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Governance Committee that none of the transactions or other relationships exceeded Nasdaq objective standards and none would otherwise interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In making this determination, the Board considered certain relationships that did not exceed Nasdaq objective standards but were identified by the Nomination and Governance Committee for further consideration under the subjective test. The Board determined that none of these relationships would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment by the director in carrying out their responsibilities as a director. The following is a description of the relationships in which a director nominee serves, or served, as an outside board member of other companies and in which payments by or to Cisco exceeded 1% of the recipient s annual revenues: l Mr. Harris serves on the board of directors of Flex Ltd. ( Flex ), and Mr. Capellas previously served on the board of directors of Flex until August 2024. Cisco has ordinary course commercial relationships with Flex. Payments by Cisco to Flex exceeded 1% of the annual revenues of Flex in each of Cisco s past three fiscal years. Director Compensation This section provides information regarding the compensation policies for non-employee directors and amounts paid and equity awards granted to these directors in fiscal 2025. Non-employee directors typically do not receive forms of remuneration or benefits other than those described below but are reimbursed for their expenses in attending meetings and other board-related activities. Cisco s non-employee director compensation policy is designed to provide the appropriate amount and form of compensation to our non-employee directors. Director Compensation Highlights l Retainer fees for committee service differentiated based on workload l Emphasis on equity in the overall compensation mix l Full-value equity grants under a fixed-value annual grant policy with immediate vesting l Robust stock ownership guidelines set at five times the annual cash retainer to support stockholder alignment l Flexible deferral provisions to facilitate stock ownership 24 Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement l Governance limit of $800,000 on the total value of cash and equity compensation that may be paid or granted to a non-employee director each fiscal year allows Cisco to stay within reasonable boundaries of what the market requires l Each non-employee director is eligible to participate in Cisco s charitable matching gifts program to the same extent as all Cisco employees. During fiscal 2025, the maximum match amount under this program was $25,000 each calendar year. Fiscal 2025 Cash Compensation Our non-employee director cash compensation during fiscal 2025 consisted of the following: l Annual retainer of $105,000 for each non-employee director. l Additional annual retainer fee of $75,000 for serving as Lead Independent Director. l Additional annual retainer fee of $30,000 for serving as chair of the Audit Committee. l Additional annual retainer fee of $20,000 for serving as chair of the Compensation Committee or as chair of the Nomination and Governance Committee. l Additional annual retainer fee of $15,000 for serving as chair of the Acquisition Committee or as chair of the Public Policy Committee. l Additional annual retainer fees for serving as a member of a Board committee: l $32,000 for serving as a member of the Audit Committee; l $16,000 for serving as a member of the Compensation Committee, the Acquisition Committee or the Public Policy Committee; and l $12,000 for serving as a member of the Nomination and Governance Committee. l These cash fees are paid in quarterly installments in arrears. A non-employee director may, in lieu of any retainer paid in connection with service on the Board or any committee of the Board, or other cash fees, elect to receive fully vested shares of Cisco common stock, fully vested deferred stock units or a deferred cash payment under the Cisco Systems, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the Deferred Compensation Plan ). Dividend equivalents accrue on fully vested deferred stock units and are subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the deferred stock units to which they attach and will settle in shares after the non- employee director leaves the Board. The annual retainers are pro-rated for non-employee directors who are appointed after an annual meeting. Retainers paid in quarterly installments are pro-rated for non-employee directors who join or leave the Board or a committee during the quarterly period based on the portion of the period for which they have served. Fiscal 2025 Equity Compensation Non-employee directors receive annual grants under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan pursuant to an equity grant policy. The 2005 Stock Incentive Plan currently provides that grants to any non-employee director may not exceed 50,000 shares for any fiscal year. The Board s policy regarding equity grants for non-employee directors provides for the following: l An initial equity grant for new non-employee directors consisting of fully vested shares of Cisco common stock with a fair value equal to a pro rata portion of $245,000 based on the portion of the year of the new non-employee director s board service. l An annual equity grant for elected non-employee directors consisting of fully vested shares of Cisco common stock with a fair value equal to $245,000. A non-employee director may elect to receive his or her initial and annual grants in the form of fully vested deferred stock units that are settled in shares after the non-employee director leaves the Board. Dividend equivalents accrue on the fully vested deferred stock units and are subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the deferred stock units to which they attach and will settle in shares after the non-employee director leaves the Board. Governance and Board Matters 25 Fiscal 2025 Total Director Compensation The following table provides information as to compensation earned by our non-employee directors during fiscal 2025. Director Compensation Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) All Other Compensation ($) (2) Total ($) Wesley G. Bush 151,587 (3) 244,996 396,583 Michael D. Capellas 243,337 244,996 25,000 513,333 Mark Garrett 194,470 244,996 439,466 John D. Harris II 152,584 244,996 397,580 Dr. Kristina M. Johnson 136,628 244,996 30,750 412,374 Sarah Rae Murphy 152,584 244,996 397,580 Daniel H. Schulman 152,584 244,996 397,580 Ekta Singh-Bushell (4) 56,516 56,516 Marianna Tessel 135,630 244,996 380,626 Kevin Weil 21,399 (3) 143,568 164,967 (1) The amounts in the Stock Awards column represent the aggregate grant date fair values, computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ( FASB ASC Topic 718 ), of the shares issued pursuant to the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan. Each non-employee director who had served as a non-employee director prior to the 2024 Annual Meeting and who was elected at the 2024 Annual Meeting received 4,156 fully vested shares on December 9, 2024. Mr. Bush elected to receive their annual equity award in the form of fully vested deferred stock units. In connection with his appointment to the board on May 12, 2025, Mr. Weil received an initial pro-rated equity award of 2,328 fully vested shares in the form of deferred stock units. None of the non-employee directors held any unvested stock awards as of July 26, 2025. No stock options were outstanding or awarded to non-employee directors in fiscal 2025. (2) Represents the non-employee director s match under Cisco s charitable matching gifts program. (3) Includes the value of fully vested shares of Cisco common stock received in lieu of the non-employee director s regular cash retainer, additional retainer paid in connection with service on Board committees, or other cash fees, based on the fair market value of the shares on the date any such retainers or cash fees would otherwise have been paid. Based on their prior elections, Mr. Bush and Mr. Weil each received deferred stock units with a value of $151,478 and $21,357, respectively, based on the closing price of Cisco common stock on the date any such retainers or cash fees would otherwise have been paid. (4) Ms. Singh-Bushell served on the Board of Directors until the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on December 9, 2024. Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Our corporate governance guidelines include stock ownership guidelines for non-employee directors. The stock ownership guidelines call for each non-employee director to own shares of Cisco s common stock having a value equal to at least five times the non-employee director s regular annual cash retainer, with a five-year period from the date of his or her appointment to attain that ownership level. To facilitate share ownership, in lieu of all or a specified portion of their regular annual cash retainer, any retainer paid in connection with service on any committee of the Board or other cash fees, non-employee directors may elect to receive fully vested shares of Cisco common stock or fully vested deferred stock units that would be settled in shares after the non-employee director leaves the Board, based on the fair market value of the shares on the date any such cash retainer or fee would otherwise be paid. Any shares (or shares subject to deferred stock units) received in lieu of any portion of a cash retainer or fee do not count against the limit on the total number of shares that may be granted to a non-employee director during any fiscal year. The shares issued are granted under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan. For information on non-employee director elections to receive fully vested shares (or shares subject to deferred stock units) in lieu of cash with respect to fiscal 2025 cash retainers or fees, please see the table above entitled Director Compensation and the accompanying footnotes. 26 Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement Fiscal 2026 Director Compensation Using the approach described above under Board of Directors Board Committees and Meetings Director Compensation, the Nomination and Governance Committee conducted its annual review of the non-employee director compensation program for fiscal 2025 in consultation with its independent compensation consultant, Exequity. In connection with this review, the Nomination and Governance Committee, having been advised by Exequity, recommended modifications to compensation for non-employee directors in order to better align compensation with Cisco s peer group and maintain the competitive positioning of overall compensation relative to the market. In May 2025, upon the Nomination and Governance Committee s recommendation, the Board approved the following changes to our non-employee director compensation program, effective on the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting: l the annual equity grant for elected non-employee directors was increased from $245,000 to $270,000 l the additional annual retainer fee for serving as chair of the Audit Committee was increased from $30,000 to $45,000 l the additional annual retainer fee for serving as chair of the Compensation Committee or as chair of the Nomination and Governance Committee was increased from $20,000 to $35,000 l the additional annual retainer fee for serving as chair of the Public Policy Committee was increased from $15,000 to $30,000 There were no other significant changes to the terms of the compensation for non-employee directors for fiscal 2026, including no changes to vesting, proration, or deferral. Vote Required Cisco s bylaws and corporate governance guidelines provide for a majority voting standard in uncontested elections of directors. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes properly cast at the meeting at which a quorum is present is required to elect each of the nominees for director, meaning the number of shares cast for a nominee s election exceeds the number of against votes cast against that nominee. The required quorum for a meeting of Cisco stockholders is a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock. Abstentions and broker non- votes are not counted as votes cast for or against such nominee, and stockholders may not cumulate votes in the election of directors. In the event any nominee is unable or declines to serve as a director at the time of the meeting, the proxies will be voted for any nominee, if any, who may be designated by the Board to fill the vacancy. As of the date of this Proxy Statement, the Board is not aware that any nominee is unable or will decline to serve as a director. If a nominee who currently serves as a director is not re-elected, Delaware law provides that the director would continue to serve on the Board as a holdover director. Under our bylaws and corporate governance guidelines, an incumbent director who fails to receive the required majority vote to be re-elected in an uncontested election shall tender his or her resignation to the Board to be effective on the earlier of 90 days following the certification of the election results or the date on which the Board selects a person to fill the office held by that director. Recommendation of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors recommends that the stockholders vote FOR the election of each of the nominees listed herein. Governance and Board Matters 27 Compensation Committee Matters Approval of the Amendment and Restatement of the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan Cisco is requesting that stockholders approve, in its entirety, the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan as amended and restated by the Board of Directors, subject to stockholder approval (the Amended Stock Plan ). If our stockholders do not approve this proposal, then the Amended Stock Plan will not become effective. A summary of the Amended Stock Plan follows. General The Amended Stock Plan that is being submitted to our stockholders for approval increases the number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan by 57,490,000 shares to 928,040,000 shares. Except for this increase, the terms of the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan will remain unchanged. After the amendment and restatement, the Amended Stock Plan will continue to contain the following important corporate governance features: l No Repricing or Buyout of Underwater Options or Stock Appreciation Rights . Prohibits stock option and stock appreciation right repricing or other exchanges for cash or equity compensation without stockholder consent. l No Discounted Options and Stock Appreciation Rights . Requires stock options and stock appreciation rights to be granted with an exercise price equal to at least the fair market value of our common stock on the date the award is granted. l No Evergreen Provision . Avoids the use of evergreen share reserve increases and instead requires stockholder approval to increase the share reserve. l No Liberal Share Counting . Prohibits the reuse of shares withheld or delivered to satisfy the exercise price of an option or SAR or to satisfy tax withholding requirements. l No Single Trigger Change in Control . Awards do not accelerate upon a change in control unless the acquiring company does not assume or replace the award. l Prohibition on Payment of Dividends and Dividend Equivalents on Unvested Awards . Prohibits the payment or settlement of dividends or dividend equivalents with respect to any award until the underlying shares or units vest. l Limit on non-employee director awards . The aggregate value of all compensation paid or granted, as applicable, to any individual for service as a non-employee director of our Board with respect to any fiscal year, including awards granted under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan and cash fees paid by us to such non-employee director, will not exceed $800,000 in total value. l No Automatic Grants . The 2005 Stock Incentive Plan does not provide for automatic grants to any participant. l No Tax Gross-ups . The 2005 Stock Incentive Plan does not provide for any tax gross-ups. l Maximum Term of Options/SARs . The maximum term for options and stock appreciation rights issued under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan is ten years. l No Transferability . Awards generally may not be transferred, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, unless provided in the applicable award agreement. 28 Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement Request for Additional Shares, Dilution and Overhang While the use of long-term incentives in the form of equity awards is an important part of our compensation program, we recognize that stock awards dilute existing stockholders and are mindful of our responsibility to our stockholders to exercise judgment in the grant of equity awards. Our Compensation Committee regularly reviews our long-term incentive program to ensure we balance our employee compensation objectives with our stockholders interest in limiting dilution from stock awards. In order to give Cisco the flexibility to responsibly address its future equity compensation needs, Cisco is requesting that stockholders approve the Amended Stock Plan, which increases the number of shares authorized for issuance under the plan by 57.490 million shares. As of July 26, 2025, there were approximately 100 million shares available for grant under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan. The 2005 Stock Incentive Plan contains a fungible share reserve feature. Under this feature, a distinction is made between the number of shares in the reserve attributable to (i) stock options and stock appreciation rights and (ii) full value awards (i.e., stock grants and stock units). Currently, shares granted pursuant to full value awards are counted against authorized shares under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan on a 1.5- to-1 ratio, the fungible share ratio. The following table sets forth information regarding outstanding grants as of July 26, 2025 under Cisco s equity compensation plans, which include the following: (i) equity awards granted under our 2005 Stock Incentive Plan; and (ii) assumed or substituted equity awards in connection with an acquisition. Excluding purchase rights accrued as of July 26, 2025 under the Cisco Systems, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, we do not have any grants outstanding under any other equity plan. As of July 26, 2025, we had 3.960 billion shares of common stock issued and outstanding. As of August 28, 2025, the fair market value (as defined in the Amended Stock Plan) of a share of Cisco common stock was $69.43. Equity Plan Stock Options (# of shares) Weighted-Average Exercise Price Per Share ($) Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term (in years) Full Value Awards (# of shares) (1) Shares Available for Future Grant (# of shares) 2005 Stock Incentive Plan 116,500,235 100,026,176 Assumed Awards (2) 28,684 6.31 2.42 1,068,033 Total 28,684 6.31 2.42 117,568,268 100,026,176 (1) Stock units and stock grants are referred to as Full Value Awards. The number of shares issuable pursuant to performance- based stock unit awards is based on an assumed target performance, unless performance is otherwise known. (2) Assumed Awards refers to equity awards assumed or substituted for Cisco equity awards in connection with an acquisition. The Compensation Committee also regularly reviews our historical equity award granting practices, including our share usage rate (commonly referred to as burn rate ) and equity overhang activity. The following table provides detailed information regarding our burn rate and equity overhang activity (based on total potential award shares) for the last three fiscal years. The effects of our stock repurchase program are included in these calculations. Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2023 Gross Burn Rate (1) 1.77 % 1.57 % 1.77 % Net Burn Rate (2) 1.52 % 1.32 % 1.57 % Equity Overhang (3) 6.87 % 6.87 % 8.11 % (1) Gross Burn Rate is calculated as (a) the number of new stock awards granted under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (excluding stock awards assumed in acquisitions), divided by (b) the weighted average common shares outstanding of the Company for the fiscal year. (2) Net Burn Rate is calculated as (a) the number of new stock awards granted under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (excluding stock awards assumed in acquisitions), net of stock awards cancelled and forfeited under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, divided by (b) the weighted average common shares outstanding of the Company for the fiscal year. (3) Equity Overhang is calculated as (a) the number of shares subject to outstanding stock awards (including stock awards assumed in acquisitions) plus the number of shares available for grant under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, divided by (b) the number of shares subject to outstanding stock awards (including stock awards assumed in acquisitions), plus the number of shares available for grant under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, plus the weighted average common shares outstanding of the Company for the fiscal year. Compensation Committee Matters 29 When considering the number of additional shares to add to the Amended Stock Plan, the Compensation Committee reviewed, among other things, the potential dilution to Cisco s current stockholders as measured by burn rate and overhang, projected future share usage and estimated future award forfeitures. The projected future usage of shares for long-term incentive awards under the Amended Stock Plan was reviewed under scenarios based on a variety of assumptions. Based on these assumptions, the 57.490 million shares to be added to the Amended Stock Plan pursuant to this amendment and restatement, in combination with the remaining authorized shares and shares added back to the plan from forfeitures of awards granted under the Amended Stock Plan, is expected to satisfy Cisco s equity compensation needs through at least the 2027 Annual Meeting. However, while this forecast is based on current assumptions, there can be no guarantee that future events, including changes in future business conditions and Cisco s stock price, will not require Cisco to grant equity awards more rapidly or slowly than currently expected. The Compensation Committee is committed to effectively managing the number of shares reserved for issuance under the Amended Stock Plan while minimizing stockholder dilution. The table below shows the number of options and full value awards granted under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan in each of the last three years as well as the number of performance-based awards that were earned each year. Fiscal Year Option Awards Granted Total Full-Value Awards Granted Time-Based Full- Value Awards Granted Performance Based Full-Value Awards Granted (1) Performance Based Full-Value Awards Earned (2) 2025 69,486,006 65,260,550 4,225,456 1,842,980 2024 63,419,241 60,808,284 2,610,957 1,762,781 2023 72,587,426 70,348,256 2,239,170 1,662,027 (1) Performance-based full-value awards granted at target achievement levels. (2) Earned performance-based full-value awards reflect the number of performance-based awards that were earned during the applicable year. 30 Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement Material Features of the Amended Stock Plan The following is a summary of the material features of the Amended Stock Plan. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of all of the provisions of the Amended Stock Plan and is qualified in its entirety by the Amended Stock Plan. A copy of the Amended Stock Plan has been filed with the SEC with this Proxy Statement and will be sent to stockholders free of charge upon written request to Cisco Systems, Inc., Attention: Investor Relations, 170 West Tasman Drive, San Jose, California 95134. Purpose of the Amended Stock Plan The purpose of the Amended Stock Plan is to promote the long-term success of Cisco and the creation of stockholder value by offering employees, consultants and Board members an opportunity to share in such long-term success by acquiring a proprietary interest in Cisco. The Amended Stock Plan seeks to achieve this purpose by providing for discretionary long-term incentive awards in the form of stock units, incentive stock options or nonstatutory stock options, stock grants, and stock appreciation rights ( SARs ). Share Reserve The shares issuable under the Amended Stock Plan are authorized but unissued shares of Cisco common stock. The aggregate number of shares reserved for awards under the Amended Stock Plan must not exceed 928,040,000 shares, subject to adjustment in the event of a capitalization event as described below in Capitalization Adjustments. If awards issued under the Amended Stock Plan are forfeited or terminated for any reason before being exercised or settled, then the shares underlying such awards, plus the number of additional shares, if any, that counted against shares available for issuance under the Amended Stock Plan at the time of grant as a result of the application of the fungible share ratio described above, will become available again for issuance under the Amended Stock Plan. SARs will be counted in full against the number of shares available for issuance under the Amended Stock Plan regardless of the number of shares issued upon settlement of the SARs. In the event that withholding tax liabilities arising from an award other than a stock option or SAR are satisfied by the withholding of shares by Cisco, then the shares so withheld, plus the number of additional shares, if any, that counted against the shares available for issuance under the Amended Stock Plan in respect thereof at the time of grant, will again be available for issuance under the Amended Stock Plan. Shares withheld by Cisco to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to a stock option or SAR will not be added to the shares available for issuance under the Amended Stock Plan. Further, shares that are exchanged by a participant or withheld by Cisco as full or partial payment in connection with the exercise or settlement of a stock option or SAR will not be available for subsequent awards under the Amended Stock Plan and shares repurchased on the open market with the proceeds of an option exercise will not be made available again for issuance under the Amended Stock Plan. The following table provides certain information regarding the share reserve of the Amended Stock Plan: Shares originally authorized under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan on November 15, 2005 350 million Additional shares authorized under the amendment and extension of the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan in 2007 209 million Additional shares authorized under the amendment of the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan in 2013 135 million Additional shares authorized under the amendment of the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan in 2020 95.975 million Additional shares authorized under the amendment of the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan in 2023 80.575 million Additional shares requested pursuant to this proposal 57.490 million Shares granted from November 15, 2005 through July 26, 2025 from the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, less allowable cancellations from the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan and the previous plans (771) million Total shares available for grant under the Amended Stock Plan as of July 26, 2025 (inclusive of the shares requested pursuant to this proposal) 157.040 million Note: As of July 26, 2025, Cisco had under the Amended Stock Plan no outstanding options, approximately 107.7 million shares subject to outstanding RSUs and approximately 8.8 million shares subject to outstanding PRSUs based on an assumed maximum performance, unless performance is otherwise known. Compensation Committee Matters 31 Plan Limits No participant in the Amended Stock Plan may be granted awards during any fiscal year in excess of any of the following limits: options covering in excess of 5,000,000 shares; SARs covering in excess of 5,000,000 shares; or stock grants or stock units in the aggregate covering in excess of 5,000,000 shares. The maximum value of stock awards granted during a single fiscal year under the Amended Stock Plan, taken together with any cash fees paid during such fiscal year for services on the Board, will not exceed $800,000 in total value for any non- employee director, calculating the value of any such awards based on the grant date fair value of such awards under applicable financial accounting standards. Such limit includes the value of any stock awards that are received in lieu of payment of all or a portion of the non-employee director s regular annual retainer, additional retainer paid in connection with service on any committee of the Board, or other cash fees. For the avoidance of doubt, neither awards granted or compensation paid to a non-employee director for services rendered as an employee or consultant of Cisco nor any amounts paid to a non-employee director as a reimbursement of an expense will count against the foregoing limitation. Administration Under the terms of the Amended Stock Plan, the Board or a committee appointed by the Board has the authority to administer the Amended Stock Plan (the Plan Administrator ). The Compensation Committee has been designated as the Plan Administrator. The Board may, however, at any time terminate the functions of the Compensation Committee and reassume all powers and authority previously delegated to the Compensation Committee. Subject to the terms of the Amended Stock Plan, the Plan Administrator, among other things, determines the recipients, dates of grant, the numbers and types of stock awards to be granted and the terms and conditions of such stock awards. Notwithstanding the foregoing, only the full Board may grant and administer awards under the Amended Stock Plan to non-employee directors. Eligibility and Types of Awards under the Amended Stock Plan The Amended Stock Plan permits the granting of stock units, stock options, stock grants, and SARs by the Plan Administrator as further described below. Employees (including employee directors and executive officers) and consultants of Cisco and its subsidiaries and affiliates and non-employee directors of Cisco are eligible to participate in the Amended Stock Plan. Accordingly, each non-employee member of the Board of Directors and each executive officer has an interest in Proposal No. 2. As of July 26, 2025, approximately 86,200 employees (including executive officers) and all consultants are eligible to participate in the Amended Stock Plan. No consultant received an equity award under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan during fiscal 2025. All non-employee directors (9 persons) are eligible to participate in the Amended Stock Plan. l Stock Units The Plan Administrator may award stock units under the Amended Stock Plan. Participants are not required to pay any consideration to Cisco at the time of grant of a stock unit. The number of shares covered by each stock unit award will be determined by the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator may provide for time-based vesting or vesting upon satisfaction of performance goals, or both, and/or other conditions. Unless a deferral election is made, when the participant satisfies the vesting conditions of the stock unit award, Cisco will pay the participant cash or shares of Cisco common stock or any combination of both to settle the vested stock units. Conversion of the stock units into cash may be based on the average of the fair market value of a share of Cisco common stock over a series of trading days or on other methods. The holders of stock units have no voting rights. Awards may be granted with or without dividend equivalents, which, prior to distribution, are subject to the same terms and conditions (including, without limitation, any forfeiture conditions) as the stock units to which they relate. Any dividend equivalents awarded with respect to stock units will be settled only if, when and to the extent such stock units vest and are settled. Dividend equivalents payable with respect to stock units that do not vest will be forfeited. Currently, dividend equivalents are only credited on vested deferred stock units. 32 Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement l Stock Options The Plan Administrator may grant nonstatutory stock options or incentive stock options under the Amended Stock Plan. However, the Plan Administrator does not have the authority to grant stock options that automatically provide for the grant of new stock options upon their exercise. The number of shares covered by each stock option granted to a participant will be determined by the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator may provide for time-based vesting or vesting upon satisfaction of performance goals, or both, and/or other conditions. The stock option exercise price is established by the Plan Administrator and must be at least 100% of the per share fair market value (110% for incentive stock option grants to 10% stockholders) of Cisco common stock on the date of grant. Repricing of stock options is prohibited unless stockholder approval is obtained. The maximum term for stock options may not exceed ten years from the date of grant, but the Plan Administrator may provide for earlier expiration. Since fiscal 2009, the Plan Administrator has determined that stock options granted will expire seven years after the date of grant. Unless otherwise provided by the Plan Administrator, unvested stock options will expire upon termination of the participant s service with Cisco and vested stock options will expire three months following a termination for any reason other than death, disability, or cause; eighteen months following a termination for death or disability; and immediately following a termination for cause. Stock options may not be granted with rights to dividends or dividend equivalents. Under the Amended Stock Plan, the stock option exercise price must be paid at the time the shares are purchased. Consistent with applicable laws, regulations and rules, payment of the exercise price of a stock option may be made in cash, (including by check, wire transfer or similar means), by cashless exercise, by surrendering or attesting to previously acquired shares of Cisco common stock, or by any other legal consideration. l Stock Grants The Plan Administrator may award stock grants under the Amended Stock Plan. Except for non-employee directors, stock grants are not typically awarded to employees. At the time of the stock grant, participants may be required to pay cash or other legal consideration approved by the Plan Administrator, but the Amended Stock Plan does not establish a minimum purchase price for shares awarded as stock grants. Stock grants are comprised of shares of Cisco common stock. The number of shares associated with each stock grant will be determined by the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator may provide for time-based vesting or vesting upon satisfaction of performance goals, or both, and/or other conditions. When the stock grant award conditions are satisfied, then the participant is vested in the shares and has complete ownership of the shares. The holder of a stock grant awarded under the Amended Stock Plan will have the same voting, dividend and other rights as Cisco s other stockholders, except that in the case of any unvested shares, the holder will not be entitled to any dividends and other distributions paid or distributed by Cisco on the equivalent number of vested shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at the Plan Administrator s discretion, the holder of unvested shares may be credited with such dividends and other distributions, provided that such dividends and other distributions will be distributed to the holder only if, when and to the extent such shares vest. The value of dividends and other distributions payable or distributable with respect to any shares that do not vest shall be forfeited. l Stock Appreciation Rights The Plan Administrator may grant SARs under the Amended Stock Plan. However, the Plan Administrator does not have the authority to grant SARs that automatically provide for the grant of new SARs upon their exercise. The number of shares covered by each SAR will be determined by the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator may provide for time-based vesting or vesting upon satisfaction of performance goals and/or other conditions. The SAR exercise price is established by the Plan Administrator and must be at least 100% of the per share fair market value of Cisco common stock on the date of grant. Repricing of SARs is prohibited unless stockholder approval is obtained. SARs may not be granted with rights to dividends or dividend equivalents. The maximum term for SARs may not exceed ten years from the date of grant, but the Plan Administrator may provide for earlier expiration. Unless otherwise provided by the Plan Administrator, unvested SARs expire upon termination of the participant s service with Cisco and vested SARs expire three months following a termination for any reason other than death, disability, or cause; eighteen months following a termination for death or disability; and immediately following a termination for cause. Upon exercise of a SAR, the participant receives payment from Cisco in an amount determined by multiplying (a) the difference between (i) the fair market value of a share on the date of exercise and (ii) the exercise price times (b) the number of shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised. SARs may be paid in cash, shares of Cisco common stock or any combination of both, as determined by the Plan Administrator. Compensation Committee Matters 33 Performance Conditions Awards under the Amended Stock Plan may be made subject to performance conditions as well as time-vesting conditions. Such performance conditions may be based on an objective formula or standard, which include one or more of the following factors, whether or not calculated in accordance with GAAP, and any objectively verifiable adjustment(s) thereto permitted and pre-established by the Plan Administrator: (i) operating income, operating cash flow and operating expense; (ii) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; (iii) earnings; (iv) cash flow; (v) market share; (vi) sales; (vii) revenue; (viii) profits before interest and taxes; (ix) expenses; (x) cost of goods sold; (xi) profit/loss or profit margin; (xii) working capital; (xiii) return on capital, equity or assets; (xiv) earnings per share; (xv) economic value added; (xvi) stock price; (xvii) price/earnings ratio; (xviii) debt or debt-to-equity; (xix) accounts receivable; (xx) write-offs; (xxi) cash; (xxii) assets; (xxiii) liquidity; (xxiv) operations; (xxv) intellectual property (e.g., patents); (xxvi) product development; (xxvii) regulatory activity; (xxviii) manufacturing, production or inventory; (xxix) mergers and acquisitions or divestitures; (xxx) financings; (xxxi) customer satisfaction; (xxxii) total stockholder return; and/or (xxxiii) any other performance factor selected by the Plan Administrator, each with respect to Cisco and/or one or more of its affiliates or operating units. Capitalization Events In the event of a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Cisco common stock, a declaration of a dividend payable in shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in a form other than shares in an amount that has a material effect on the price of shares, a combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares (by reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of shares, a recapitalization, a spin-off or a similar occurrence, the Plan Administrator will make appropriate adjustments to the number of shares and kind of shares or securities issuable under the Amended Stock Plan (on both an aggregate and per-participant basis) and under each outstanding award, to the award limits as described above in Plan Limits , and to the exercise price of outstanding options and SARs. Corporate Transactions In the event that Cisco is acquired by merger or asset sale or consolidated into another entity, outstanding awards will be subject to the applicable agreement of merger, sale of assets or reorganization. Such agreement may provide, without limitation, for the assumption or substitution of outstanding options, SARs, or stock units by the surviving corporation or its parent, for the assumption of outstanding stock grants by the surviving corporation or its parent, for the replacement of outstanding options, SARs, and stock units with a cash incentive program of the surviving corporation which preserves the spread existing on the unvested portions of such outstanding awards at the time of the transaction and provides for subsequent payout in accordance with the same vesting provisions applicable to those awards, for accelerated vesting of outstanding awards, or for the cancellation of outstanding options, SARs, and stock units, with or without consideration, in all cases without the consent of the participant. Vesting Acceleration Unless otherwise provided in the applicable award agreement, outstanding stock options, SARs, and stock units will vest and, if applicable, become immediately exercisable in full in the event that Cisco is acquired by merger or asset sale or consolidated into another entity, unless such awards are assumed, substituted or replaced by the acquiring entity (or in the case of outstanding stock grants, the related stock grant agreements are assumed). The Plan Administrator may also provide, at the time of grant of such awards or any time thereafter, that such awards will vest in full and, if applicable, become immediately exercisable in the event that Cisco is acquired by merger or asset sale, or consolidated into another entity, or in the event there is a hostile takeover of Cisco, whether through a tender or exchange offer for more than 35% of Cisco s outstanding voting securities which the Board of Directors does not recommend the stockholders accept, or a change in the majority of the members of the Board of Directors as a result of one or more contested elections for board membership. In addition, Cisco currently has a vesting acceleration policy for outstanding and unvested equity awards up to a specified limit upon the death or terminal illness of an employee. Dissolution To the extent not previously exercised or settled, stock units, options, and SARs will terminate immediately prior to the dissolution or liquidation of Cisco. 34 Cisco 2025 Proxy Statement Amendment and Termination The Board of Directors may amend the Amended Stock Plan at any time and for any reason, provided that any such amendment will be subject to stockholder approval to the extent stockholder approval is required by applicable laws, regulations, or rules. The Board of Directors may terminate the Amended Stock Plan at any time and for any reason, and the Amended Stock Plan will terminate at the 2030 Annual Meeting unless re-adopted or extended by the stockholders prior to or on such date. The termination or amendment of the Amended Stock Plan will not impair the rights or obligations of any participant under any award previously made under the Amended Stock Plan without the participant s consent, unless such modification is necessary or desirable to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule. New Plan Benefits The Amended Stock Plan does not provide for set benefits or amounts of awards and we have not approved any awards that are conditioned on stockholder approval of the Amended Stock Plan. However, as discussed in further detail in the Director Compensation section, each of our current non-employee directors who is a director nominee is entitled to receive a grant of fully vested shares every year on the date of our