=== EBAY_2025-04-30.htm.gz ===
tm2424429-1_nonfiling - none - 28.6039837s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement CONFIDENTIAL, FOR USE OF THE COMMISSION ONLY (AS PERMITTED BY RULE 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Under Rule 14a-12 eBay Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement Letter to Our Stockholders Dear Fellow Stockholders: eBay s shared values of transparency, responsibility, and business performance have supported our mission to empower people and create economic opportunity for all throughout 2024. As your Board of Directors, we are focused on creating long-term, sustainable value for stockholders. Drawing on your input, we are supporting our leadership team in realizing its vision and strategy for eBay, a marketplace that will continue to connect people and build communities to create economic opportunity for all. You are cordially invited to attend our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of eBay Inc. (the Annual Meeting ) to be held on June 25, 2025, at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time. The matters expected to be acted upon at the Annual Meeting are described in detail in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement. Board Election We are soliciting proxies for the election at our Annual Meeting of 11 individuals to serve as directors of eBay until the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Board Refreshment Our Board is guided by the principles that our outside directors should have an average tenure of ten years or less and that the addition of new directors over time to refresh our Board is desirable. Of our 10 current non-employee directors, six joined our Board in 2020 or later and two joined in 2024, Bill Nash and Zane Rowe. Engaging Virtually This year will be our sixth virtual annual meeting. We believe hosting the meeting virtually improves your ability to attend and participate while saving you the time and expense of travel. In our virtual meeting, participants join via a website where they can listen to the speakers, view any presentations, submit questions and comments, hear the Company s responses, and vote their shares electronically. We recommend that participants log in at least 15 minutes prior to the start of the meeting. Thank you for your continued investment in eBay. We are proud to represent stockholder interests in this great Company and look forward to meeting with you at our Annual Meeting. Sincerely, Your Board of Directors Adriane M. Brown Aparna Chennapragada Logan D. Green E. Carol Hayles Jamie J. Iannone Shripriya Mahesh William D. Nash Paul S. Pressler Zane Rowe Mohak Shroff Perry M. Traquina TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 1 Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders The 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of eBay Inc. ( eBay, we, us or the Company ) will be conducted virtually on the Internet. There will be no in-person meeting. Date and Time Wednesday, June 25, 2025 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time Web Address www.virtualshareholdermeeting. com/EBAY2025 Record Date You are eligible to vote if you were a stockholder at the close of business on April 28, 2025. Proposals Requiring Your Vote DESCRIPTION BOARD S RECOMMENDATION FURTHER DETAILS Proposal 1 Election of 11 directors named in this Proxy Statement to our Board to hold office until our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders FOR Each Director Nominee Page 7 Proposal 2 Ratification of appointment of independent auditors FOR Page 34 Proposal 3 Advisory vote to approve named executive officer compensation FOR Page 39 Proposal 4 Approval of the Amendment and Restatement of the eBay Equity Incentive Award Plan FOR Page 74 Proposal 5 Stockholder proposal, if properly presented AGAINST Page 83 Proposal 6 Stockholder proposal, if properly presented AGAINST Page 86 Stockholders as of the record date will also transact on such other business as may properly come before our Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the Annual Meeting. The items of business are described more fully in the accompanying Proxy Statement. We will be providing access to our proxy materials over the internet under Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) notice and access rules. As a result, on or about April 30, 2025, we are mailing to many of our stockholders a notice instead of a paper copy of the Proxy Statement and our 2024 Annual Report. In the event of a technical malfunction or other situation that at the discretion of the Chair of our Board may affect the ability of the Annual Meeting to satisfy the requirements for a meeting of stockholders to be held, the Chair of our Board or our Secretary will convene the meeting at 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time on the same date and at the location specified above solely for the purpose of holding the adjourned meeting at this later time. Under the foregoing circumstances, we will post information regarding the announcement on our investor relations website at https://investors.ebayinc.com/. How to Vote Your Vote Is Important. Even if you plan to attend the meeting, please vote as soon as possible using any of the following methods. In all cases, you should have your notice, or if you requested to receive printed proxy materials, your proxy card or voting instruction form, on hand and follow the instructions: Online Phone Mail You can vote your shares online at www.proxyvote.com. You can vote your shares by calling +1 (800) 690-6903. Date and sign your proxy card or voting instruction form and return it in the postage-paid envelope. By Order of the Board of Directors, Samantha Wellington Secretary Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on June 25, 2025: the Proxy Statement and the Annual Report are Available at https://investors.ebayinc.com/financial-information/annual-reports/default.aspx. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2 2025 Proxy Statement Table of Contents 1 Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders 7 Proposal 1: Election of Directors 8 Director Nominees 14 Corporate Governance 14 Highlights 15 Board Composition and Independence 17 Board Leadership Structure and Effectiveness 22 Board Oversight 26 Stockholder Engagement 27 Governance Policies and Practices 31 Compensation of Directors 34 Proposal 2: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditors 34 Audit Matters 35 Audit and Other Professional Fees 35 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy 35 Auditor Independence 36 Audit Committee Report 37 Our Executive Officers 39 Proposal 3: Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 40 Executive Compensation 40 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 59 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report 60 Executive Compensation Tables 69 CEO Pay Ratio 69 Pay Versus Performance 74 Proposal 4: Approval of the Amendment and Restatement of our Equity Incentive Plan 83 Proposal 5: Stockholder Proposal 84 Board Statement in Opposition 86 Proposal 6: Stockholder Proposal 87 Board Statement in Opposition 89 Equity Compensation Plan Information 89 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 91 Questions and Answers about the Proxy Materials and our 2025 Annual Meeting 97 Other Matters 98 Appendix A Amendment and Restatement of our Equity Incentive Plan Forward-Looking Statements . This Proxy Statement contains forward-looking statements. All statements in this proxy statement, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, targets, commitments and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements appear throughout this Proxy Statement. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words aim, anticipate, believe, commit, continue, could, drive, expect, estimate, goal, grow, intend, forecast, future, goal, likely, maintain, may, objective, ongoing, opportunity, plan, possible, potential, project, seek, shall, should, strategy, target, will, would, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risks detailed in our filings with the SEC, including the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Incorporation by Reference . Neither the Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report nor the Audit Committee Report shall be deemed filed with the SEC or incorporated by reference into any prior or future filings made by our Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. References in this Proxy Statement to our Company website and additional Company reports or information contained on our website are for information purposes only or to satisfy requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ( Nasdaq ) and the SEC and are intended to provide inactive, textual references only. The information on our Company website, including the information contained in those reports, is not part of this Proxy Statement and is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 3 Proxy Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. Meeting Information Date Time Web Address Record Date Wednesday, June 25, 2025 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time www.virtualshareholdermeeting. com/EBAY2025 You are eligible to vote if you were a stockholder at the close of business on April 28, 2025. Proposals Requiring Your Vote DESCRIPTION BOARD S RECOMMENDATION FURTHER DETAILS Proposal 1: Election of 11 directors named in this Proxy Statement to our Board to hold office until our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders The Board believes that each of the director nominees has the experience, qualifications and skills necessary to contribute to an effective and well-functioning Board. FOR Each Director Nominee Page 7 Proposal 2: Ratification of appointment of independent auditors The Audit Committee has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ) to serve as eBay s independent registered public accounting firm for the 2025 fiscal year, and this appointment is being submitted to our stockholders for ratification. The Audit Committee and the Board believe that the continued retention of PwC to serve as eBay s independent auditor is in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders. FOR Page 34 Proposal 3: Advisory vote to approve named executive officer compensation eBay seeks a non-binding advisory vote to approve the compensation of the named executive officers ( NEOs ) as disclosed in this Proxy Statement. The Board and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee ( CHCC ) value the opinions of our stockholders and will take into account the outcome of this vote in considering future compensation arrangements. FOR Page 39 Proposal 4: Approval of the Amendment and Restatement of the eBay Equity Incentive Award Plan The Board and the CHCC believe that the amendment and restatement of the Equity Incentive Award Plan to increase the available shares of eBay common stock thereunder, among other changes, is critical to our ability to execute on our long-term strategy and is in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders. FOR Page 74 Proposal 5: Stockholder proposal, if properly presented The Board believes that the actions requested by the proponent are unnecessary and not in the best interests of our stockholders. AGAINST Page 83 Proposal 6: Stockholder proposal, if properly presented The Board believes that the actions requested by the proponent are unnecessary and not in the best interests of our stockholders. AGAINST Page 86 New in this Proxy Statement NEW Formed a new Technology Committee that assists the Board in its oversight of the Company s technology and risks related to the Company s cybersecurity, data management and site availability. NEW Added a current sitting public company CEO to the Board. TABLE OF CONTENTS 4 2025 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Highlights Good Governance Practices eBay and our Board are committed to good governance practices as well as transparency and accountability. eBay s governance practices include the following features: Strong Board independence (10 of 11 directors are independent) Separate Chair and CEO roles Annually elected Board with all members standing for election each year Independent Chair with robust responsibilities Majority vote standard for uncontested director elections with a director resignation policy for director nominees who do not receive a majority vote Simple majority vote standard for bylaw/charter amendments and transactions Stockholder right to request eBay to call a special meeting Clawback policies beyond SEC requirements Proxy access bylaws Stock ownership requirements for our executive officers and directors Strong stockholder engagement practices Anti-hedging and anti-pledging policies Director Nominees NOMINEE AFFILIATION AGE DIRECTOR SINCE COMMITTEES OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS AC CHCC CGNC RC TC Adriane M. Brown Managing Partner, Flying Fish Ventures IND 66 2017 Axon Enterprise, Inc. (since 2020) American Airlines Group, Inc. (since 2021) KKR Co. Inc. (since 2021) Aparna Chennapragada Corporate VP, Generative AI, Microsoft Corporation IND 48 2022 None Logan D. Green Venture Partner, Autotech Ventures IND 41 2016 Lyft, Inc. (since 2019) E. Carol Hayles Former Chief Financial Officer, CIT Group, Inc. IND 64 2020 Webster Financial Corporation (since 2018) Jamie Iannone President and Chief Executive Officer, eBay Inc. eBay 52 2020 None Shripriya Mahesh General Partner, Spero Ventures IND 51 2023 Sundaram Brake Linings Ltd (since 2020) William D. Nash President and Chief Executive Officer, CarMax, Inc. IND 56 2024 CarMax, Inc. (since 2016) Paul S. Pressler Chair of the eBay Board; Operating Advisor, Clayton, Dubilier Rice IND 68 2015 None Zane Rowe Chief Financial Officer, Workday, Inc. IND 54 2024 None Mohak Shroff Head of Engineering, LinkedIn IND 46 2020 None Perry M. Traquina Former Chairman and CEO, Wellington Management Company IND 69 2015 Morgan Stanley (since 2015) The Allstate Corporation (since 2016) AC Audit Committee CHCC Compensation and Human Capital Committee CGNC Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee RC Risk Committee TC Technology Committee Committee Chair Member TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 5 Director Experience and Qualifications The matrix below highlights some of the key experience, skills and attributes that we seek in our director nominees in light of the Company s business and strategy. This matrix does not encompass all experiences, qualifications, skills or attributes of our director nominees. For more information on the qualifications that each director nominee brings to our Board, see Proposal 1: Election of Directors Director Nominees below. For more information on the experience, skills and attributes listed in the matrix, see Corporate Governance Board Composition and Independence Director Selection Principles below. PRESSLER TRAQUINA GREEN BROWN IANNONE HAYLES SHROFF CHENNAPRAGADA MAHESH ROWE NASH Key Experience and Skills Technology E-Commerce/ Retail Strategy Investment/ Finance Leadership Entrepreneurship Transactions/ M A Product, Marketing and Media Management Cybersecurity 6+ Years 3-5 Years 0-2 Years TABLE OF CONTENTS 6 2025 Proxy Statement Executive Compensation Highlights The objectives of our executive compensation program are to: Align compensation with our business objectives, performance and stockholder interests Motivate executive officers to enhance short-term results and long-term stockholder value Position us competitively among the companies against which we recruit and compete for talent Enable us to attract, reward and retain executive officers and other key employees who contribute to our long-term success The following is a selection of notable highlights of our executive compensation program. How We Pay Our CEO This graphic illustrates the predominance of equity incentives and performance-based components in Mr. Iannone s 2024 target pay mix. Mr. Iannone s compensation is highly weighted to Company performance. Over 95% of his 2024 target pay mix is based on Company performance goals or is otherwise subject to Company stock price performance. Compensation Practices We align executive compensation with the interests of our stockholders by emphasizing pay-for-performance and weighting equity more heavily than cash in our total compensation mix, maintaining meaningful stock ownership requirements, and providing a majority of total compensation in the form of performance-based compensation. Our target pay mix significantly favors equity, including for Mr. Iannone, whose 2024 target pay mix consists of 86% equity and 14% salary and annual cash incentive. We promote a balance of short-term and long-term motivations through the design and administration of our compensation programs, including by having multiple performance measures, caps on incentive payments, overlapping long-term performance periods for performance-based restricted stock unit ( PBRSU ) awards and clawback policies that exceed Nasdaq and SEC requirements. We adhere to compensation best practices, with compensation benchmarked at or around the 50th percentile of our peer group, the engagement of an independent compensation consultant and limited perquisites for executive officers that are not available to all employees. WHAT WE DO WHAT WE DON T DO Align executive compensation with the interests of our stockholders Pay-for-performance emphasized Majority of total compensation comprises performance-based compensation Equity/cash compensation mix significantly favors equity Stock ownership guidelines No tax gross-ups for change in control benefits No automatic single trigger acceleration of equity awards upon a change in control No repricing or buyout of underwater stock options without stockholder approval No hedging and pledging transactions for the Board or executive officers Avoid excessive risk-taking Multiple performance measures, caps on incentive payments, and overlapping long-term performance periods for PBRSU awards Clawback policies that exceed Nasdaq and SEC requirements Adhere to compensation best practices Target compensation at or around the 50th percentile of peer group Independent compensation committee and compensation consultant Limited perquisites for executive officers that are not available to all employees TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 7 Proposal 1: Election of Directors Board of Directors At the Annual Meeting, 11 directors will be elected to serve for a one-year term. We are seeking the election of 11 directors to our Board. Each of the nominees is currently a member of the Board, and each of the nominees has been elected previously by stockholders, except for Bill Nash, who joined the Board on September 18, 2024. Mr. Nash further enhances the Board s composition with his significant experience in retail, ecommerce, and technology development. His experience as the CEO of CarMax deepens the knowledge and experience of our Board and will aid its focus on eBay s sustainable long-term growth. Each of the nominees has consented to serving and being named as a nominee in this Proxy Statement and to serving as a director if elected. 10 of the 11 nominees are currently independent directors under the listing standards of Nasdaq and our Governance Guidelines of the Board (the Governance Guidelines ). If elected at the Annual Meeting, each of the nominees will serve a one-year term until our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and will hold office until their successor is elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation, retirement, or removal. Our bylaws provide that in the event of an uncontested election, each director shall be elected by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast with respect to such director i.e., the number of shares voted FOR a director nominee must exceed the number of votes cast AGAINST that nominee. The Company has a resignation policy and bylaw provision that would apply to any nominee who does not receive the vote required for election. For more details, please see Corporate Governance Governance Policies and Practices Majority Vote Standard for Election of Directors and Director Resignation Provisions for Uncontested Elections. Nomination Process Our Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee ( CGNC ) reviews potential director nominees from several sources, such as management and stockholder recommendations, and is authorized to retain consultants or search firms to identify potential director candidates. In 2024, our CGNC engaged a third-party search firm, Spencer Stuart, to assist in identifying and evaluating potential director candidates. Our CGNC and Board have evaluated each of the director nominees recommended by our Board against the factors and principles eBay uses to select director nominees. Based on this evaluation, our CGNC and Board have concluded that it is in the best interests of eBay and its stockholders for each of the proposed nominees to serve as a director of eBay. The Board believes that each of these nominees possesses the key experience and skills that the Board desires for eBay, has a strong track record of being responsible stewards of stockholders interests and brings extraordinarily valuable insight, perspective, and expertise to the Board. Additional reasons that the Board recommends supporting the election of the director nominees include: All of the nominees have high-level managerial experience in complex organizations. Each nominee has highly relevant professional experience as managers and leaders and across a variety of innovative fields relevant to eBay, such as the technology, ecommerce, finance, products and media fields. The Board believes each nominee is an individual of high character and integrity and is able to contribute to strong board dynamics. Each nominee has experience and expertise that complements the skill sets of the other nominees. Each nominee is highly engaged and able to commit the time and resources needed to provide active oversight of eBay and its management. During 2024 our Board held five meetings, and each then-serving Board member attended at least 75% of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board and the committees on which that member served. All of our nominees serve on two or fewer other public company boards except for one nominee who serves on three. None of our nominees who is currently an executive officer of a publicly-traded company serves on any other public company boards beyond eBay and the publicly-traded company where they serve as an executive officer. In addition to these attributes, in each nominee s biography set forth below, we have highlighted specific experience, qualifications, and skills that led the Board to conclude that each individual should serve as a director of eBay. For additional information regarding the CGNC s approach to Board refreshment and nominations, please see Corporate Governance Board Composition and Independence Ongoing Assessment of Composition Nominating Process. The Board recommends a vote FOR each of the director nominees. TABLE OF CONTENTS 8 2025 Proxy Statement Director Nominees Adriane M. Brown Age: 66 Director Since: 2017 eBay Board Committees: Compensation Human Capital Committee, Chair Corporate Governance Nominating Committee Other Public Company Boards: Axon Enterprise, Inc. (since 2020) American Airlines Group, Inc. (since 2021) KKR Co. Inc. (since 2021) Experience Ms. Brown has been a Managing Partner of Flying Fish Partners, a venture capital firm that specializes in artificial intelligence and machine learning startups, since early 2021, after joining the firm as a Venture Partner in November 2018. Prior to that, Ms. Brown served as President and Chief Operating Officer for Intellectual Ventures ( IV ), an invention and investment company that commercializes inventions, from January 2010 through July 2017, and served as a Senior Advisor until December 2018. Before joining IV, Ms. Brown served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Honeywell Transportation Systems. Over the course of 10 years at Honeywell, she held leadership positions serving the aerospace and automotive markets globally. Prior to Honeywell, Ms. Brown spent 19 years at Corning, Inc., ultimately serving as Vice President and General Manager, Environmental Products Division, having started her career there as a shift supervisor. Ms. Brown serves on the boards of directors of American Airlines Group, Inc., Axon Enterprise, Inc., KKR Co. Inc., and the non-profit International Women s Forum. Ms. Brown previously served on the boards of directors of Allergan Plc, and Raytheon Company until 2020 and Harman International Industries from 2013 to 2017. Ms. Brown holds a Doctorate of Humane Letters and a bachelor s degree in environmental health from Old Dominion University and is a recipient of its Distinguished Alumni Award. She also holds a master s degree in management from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where she was a Sloan Fellow. Director Qualifications Leadership; Strategy; and Climate/ESG Experience: Leadership of global technology and commercial businesses at Honeywell and Corning. Experience driving business strategy, growth and development, innovation and R D, manufacturing and sales, and customer service. Led the expansion of automotive and emissions control products and technologies, enabling customers to meet regulated emissions standards globally. Investment/Finance; Management; Transactions/M A; and Technology Industry Experience: President and Chief Operating Officer for IV from January 2010 to July 2017. During her tenure at IV, the company delivered more than $3 billion in revenue, invented technology enabling 14 companies and joint ventures, acquired 50 customers and established Global Good and Research, a global health invention and innovation project. Aparna Chennapragada Age: 48 Director Since: 2022 eBay Board Committees: Technology Committee Other Public Company Boards: None Experience Ms. Chennapragada is Corporate Vice President of Generative AI at Microsoft Corporation, a multinational technology company. She has served in this role since October 2023, leading Microsoft s AI-first creation experiences across Microsoft 365 and Microsoft Designer. She previously served as the Chief Product Officer at Robinhood, a financial services company that facilitates commission-free trades via a mobile application, from April 2021 to August 2022. Prior to that, Ms. Chennapragada was a Vice President and General Manager at Google, a multinational technology company, from July 2008 to April 2021. During her tenure with Google, she created and led products that applied artificial intelligence to reinvent Google Search for billions of users. Ms. Chennapragada previously served as a board member at Capital One from March 2018 to April 2021. She received her M.S. in Management English at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, her M.S. in Computer Science from the University of Texas Austin and her Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science from the Indian Institute of Technology. Director Qualifications Technology and E-Commerce/Retail Industries; Strategy; Leadership; Entrepreneurship; Product, Marketing and Media; Management; and Cybersecurity Experience: Technology expertise from executive roles with Google, Robinhood and Microsoft, including focus on artificial intelligence initiatives at Microsoft. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 9 Logan D. Green Age: 41 Director Since: 2016 eBay Board Committees: Compensation Human Capital Committee Other Public Company Boards: Lyft, Inc. (since 2019) Experience Mr. Green has been a Venture Partner at Autotech Ventures, a transportation-focused venture capital firm since July 2024. He has also served as Chair of the Board of Directors of Lyft, Inc., a rideshare company co-founded by Green, since April 2023, where he previously served as the Chief Executive Officer from 2012 until April 2023. Previously, Mr. Green co-founded Zimride (acquired by Enterprise Rent-A-Car) in 2007. Mr. Green received his B.A. in Business Economics from the University of California, Santa Barbara. Director Qualifications Technology and E-Commerce/Retail Industries; Leadership; Transactions/M A; Product, Marketing and Media; Management; Strategy; and Entrepreneurship Experience: Chair of the Board, Co-Founder and former CEO of Lyft, a publicly traded, peer-to-peer marketplace between drivers and riders that connects people through a platform leveraging innovative technology. E. Carol Hayles Age: 64 Director Since: 2020 eBay Board Committees: Audit Committee, Chair Corporate Governance Nominating Committee Other Public Company Boards: Webster Financial Corporation (since 2018) Experience Ms. Hayles was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CIT Group Inc., a financial services company, from November 2015 to May 2017, during which time she was responsible for overseeing all financial operations, including accounting, tax, treasury, financial planning and investor relations. She served as Controller and Principal Accounting Officer of CIT Group Inc. from July 2010 to November 2015, where she was responsible for managing the financial accounting and reporting functions, including SEC and regulatory reporting. Prior to CIT, Ms. Hayles spent 24 years in various finance roles at Citigroup, Inc., most recently as Deputy Controller. She began her career at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in Toronto, Canada and was a Canadian Chartered Accountant from 1985 to 2009. In addition to eBay, Ms. Hayles currently serves on the board of directors of Webster Financial Corporation (since 2018), where she has served as Chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Risk Committee. She previously served on the board of directors of Avantax, Inc., where she served as a member of the Audit Committee. Ms. Hayles received her BBA from York University in Toronto. Director Qualifications Investment/Finance; Management; Strategy; Transactions/M A; and Leadership Experience: Operating and financial expertise from experience as Chief Financial Officer of CIT Group and an executive with Citigroup. TABLE OF CONTENTS 10 2025 Proxy Statement Jamie Iannone Age: 52 Director Since: 2020 eBay Board Committees: None Other Public Company Boards: None Experience Mr. Iannone has been President and Chief Executive Officer of eBay since April 2020. Earlier in 2020, Mr. Iannone served as Chief Operating Officer of Walmart eCommerce, where he also was responsible for Store No. 8, Walmart Inc. s incubation hub. Mr. Iannone began working at Walmart Inc. in 2014 and held leadership roles, including CEO of SamsClub.com and Executive Vice President of membership and technology of Sam s Club. In those roles, Mr. Iannone grew the SamsClub.com business and Sam s Club s membership base. Before Walmart Inc., Mr. Iannone was Executive Vice President of Digital Products at Barnes Noble, Inc., where he was responsible for all NOOK devices, software, accessories and retail integration and experiences; books and digital content; and third-party partnerships. Mr. Iannone held various roles at eBay from 2001 to 2009, including leading Product Marketing, Search, and Buyer Experience. He previously worked at Epinions.com and Booz Allen Hamilton. Mr. Iannone also served on the Board of Directors of The Children s Place. He earned a Bachelor of Science in operations research, engineering and management systems from Princeton University and a Master of Business Administration from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Director Qualifications Technology Industry; Management; Transactions/M A; Strategy; and Leadership Experience: Executive with three large, innovative global technology companies: eBay, Walmart, and Barnes and Noble. Board experience at The Children s Place. E-Commerce/Retail Industries Experience: Leader of an array of online and offline retail businesses, including eBay, SamsClub.com, Sam s Club, Barnes and Noble, The Children s Place, and Epinions.com. Product, Marketing and Media Experience: Delivered innovative product experiences in executive roles at eBay, SamsClub.com and Sam s Club, and Barnes and Noble. Led media partnerships, books, digital content, and NOOK software at Barnes and Noble. Shripriya Mahesh Age: 51 Director Since: 2023 eBay Board Committees: Technology Committee, Chair Other Public Company Boards: Sundaram Brake Linings Ltd (since 2020) Experience Ms. Mahesh co-founded Spero Ventures, a venture capital firm, and has served as General Partner since January 2018. Prior to that, Ms. Mahesh served as Partner at Omidyar Network, investing in emerging technology companies. Earlier in her career, Ms. Mahesh served in various roles at eBay, including VP and Head of Global Product Management and Strategy, VP, US Product Marketing and Platform, and VP, Corporate Strategy. She currently serves on the boards of directors of Turo Inc. and Sundaram Brake Linings Ltd. She is also a trustee of The Sundance Institute. Ms. Mahesh holds a B.A. in Economics from Stella Maris College, an MFA in Film from New York University Tisch School of the Arts, and an MBA from Harvard Business School. Director Qualifications Entrepreneurship and Investment/Finance Experience: Co-Founder and General Partner of venture capital firm, Spero Ventures since 2018, as well previous emerging technology experience as an investor with Omidyar Network. Technology Industry; Management; Strategy; E-Commerce/Retail Industries; and Product, Marketing and Media Experience: Wide range of relevant experience from executive roles with eBay in product and strategy. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 11 William D. Nash Age: 56 Director Since: 2024 eBay Board Committees: Compensation Human Capital Committee Other Public Company Boards: CarMax, Inc. (since 2016) Experience Mr. Nash has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of CarMax, Inc., a used car retail company, since 2016. At CarMax, he oversees all aspects of the business, including strategy, finance, operations, technology, marketing and human resources, and he has led the company through a technological and digital transformation to become an omnichannel retailer. He first joined CarMax in 1997 and previously held various roles there, including Executive Vice President of human resources and administrative services from 2012 until 2016. Mr. Nash has also served as a member of the board of directors of CarMax since 2016. He holds a BBA from James Madison University. Director Qualifications Technology and E-Commerce/Retail Industries; Strategy; Investment/Finance; Transactions/M A; Leadership; Product, Marketing and Media; Management; and Cybersecurity Experience: Extensive executive leadership experience across multiple positions within CarMax. Paul S. Pressler Independent Chair of the Board Age: 68 Director Since: 2015 eBay Board Committees: Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, Chair Risk Committee Other Public Company Boards: None Experience Mr. Pressler has been an Operating Advisor of Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC, a private equity investment firm, since 2020. He was previously a partner of Clayton, Dubilier Rice from 2009 to 2020. Previously, Mr. Pressler was Chairman of David s Bridal, Inc. from 2012 to 2018, AssuraMed Holding, Inc. from 2010 to 2013, SiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc. from to 2013 to 2017 and Wilsonart International Holdings, LLC from 2012 to March 2024. Mr. Pressler served as President and Chief Executive Officer of The Gap, Inc. for five years, from 2002 to 2007. Before that, he spent 15 years in senior leadership roles with The Walt Disney Company, including Chairman of the global theme park and resorts division, President of Disneyland, and President of The Disney Stores. Mr. Pressler currently serves on the board of directors of Revlon Group Holdings LLC. Mr. Pressler received his B.S. from the State University of New York at Oneonta. Director Qualifications Investment/Finance and Transactions/M A Experience: Operating Advisor and former partner at private equity firm Clayton, Dubilier Rice since 2009. Leadership; Management; Product, Marketing and Media; E-Commerce/Retail Industries; and Strategy Experience: Wide-ranging experience managing retail and consumer brands including as Chairman of David s Bridal, Chairman of SiteOne Landscape Supply, Chairman of AssuraMed, President and Chief Executive Officer of The Gap, and 15 years in senior leadership at The Walt Disney Company, including President of The Disney Stores. TABLE OF CONTENTS 12 2025 Proxy Statement Zane Rowe Age: 54 Director Since: 2024 eBay Board Committees: Audit Committee Risk Committee Other Public Company Boards: None Experience Mr. Rowe has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Workday, Inc., an international enterprise software company, since June 2023. At Workday, he is responsible for accounting, business finance, investor relations, tax and treasury, in addition to advising on business strategy and product development. He is also responsible for Global Real Estate, Workplace and Safety at Workday. He previously served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of VMware, Inc., a global technology company, from March 2016 to June 2023 and as its interim Chief Executive Officer from February 2021 to May 2021. At VMware, he oversaw the company s finance and accounting functions and corporate development, as well as the Business Operations function, which included the information technology and information security organizations. Before joining VMware, Mr. Rowe served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of EMC Corporation from October 2014 through February 2016. Prior to joining EMC, he was Vice President of North American Sales at Apple Inc. from May 2012 to May 2014. Mr. Rowe was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of United Continental Holdings, Inc. from October 2010 to April 2012 and was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Continental Airlines from August 2008 to September 2010. Mr. Rowe previously served on the boards of directors of Sabre Corporation from May 2016 to February 2024, and Pivotal Software, Inc. from September 2016 to December 2019. He currently serves on the Board of Trustees of Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University and is also a founding member of the U.S. Chapter of Accounting for Sustainability (A4S), a charitable organization that focuses on finance leaders helping drive resilient business models and a sustainable economy. Mr. Rowe holds a B.S. from Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University and an MBA from San Diego State University. Director Qualifications Technology Industry; Strategy; Leadership; Investment/Finance; Transactions/M A; and Management: Extensive experience in corporate finance, investor relations and strategy as an executive, technology leader and Chief Financial Officer with Workday and VMware. E-Commerce/Retail Industries; Product, Marketing and Media; and Climate/ESG Experience: Retail and product experience from previous executive sales role with Apple. Experience in climate/ESG as an executive at Workday and as a member of A4S. Mohak Shroff Age: 46 Director Since: 2020 eBay Board Committees: Technology Committee Other Public Company Boards: None Experience Mr. Shroff is the Senior Vice President of Engineering at LinkedIn, a multinational professional networking company. In this role, Mr. Shroff leads LinkedIn s global Engineering teams, responsible for building, scaling, and protecting LinkedIn s platform. Since joining LinkedIn in 2008, he has held a range of technology leadership positions and has played a critical role in LinkedIn s business growth, technology innovation, and scale. Under his leadership, the engineering team re-built LinkedIn s platform, transitioned the application to mobile, and spearheaded collaboration across the company for the development of LinkedIn s one product ecosystem across its products and services. Mr. Shroff holds a B.S. in computer science from University of Texas at Austin. Director Qualifications Technology Industry; Product, Marketing and Media; Management; Strategy; Entrepreneurship; Leadership; and Cybersecurity Experience: Technology leadership and expertise as well as cybersecurity experience as an executive at LinkedIn, including platform engineering, building an advertising platform and scaling a payment system. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 13 Perry M. Traquina Age: 69 Director Since: 2015 eBay Board Committees: Risk Committee, Chair Audit Committee Other Public Company Boards: Morgan Stanley (since 2015) The Allstate Corporation (since 2016) Experience Mr. Traquina is the former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Managing Partner of Wellington Management Company LLP, a global investment management firm. Mr. Traquina held this position for a decade until his retirement from the firm in 2014. During his 34-year career at Wellington, he was an investor for 17 years and a member of the management team for the other half of his time at the firm. Mr. Traquina received his B.A. from Brandeis University and his M.B.A. from Harvard University. Director Qualifications Investment/Finance and Strategy Experience: Understanding of the investment community and financial and strategic expertise from more than 34 years of leadership at Wellington Management Company LLP. Leadership; Management; and Climate/ESG Experience: Former Chairman, CEO, and Managing Partner of Wellington Management Company LLP, and current service on boards of directors of Morgan Stanley and The Allstate Corporation. TABLE OF CONTENTS 14 2025 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Highlights eBay is committed to transparency and accountability, as demonstrated by the following governance features: Stockholder Rights Our Board is committed to good corporate governance and believes in maintaining policies and practices that serve the interests of all stockholders, including governance provisions that protect and empower stockholders. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 15 Board Composition and Independence The Board has developed a set of guiding principles relating to Board membership, which are set forth in our Governance Guidelines. The Board believes that in light of the rapidly changing environment in which the Company operates, the Board must be comprised of members with highly relevant professional experience. In addition, although the Board does not have term limits, the Board believes that a certain amount of director turnover is to be expected and is desirable. Ongoing Assessment of Composition Commitment to Board Refreshment The Board is guided by the principles that our outside directors should have an average tenure of ten years or less and that the addition of new directors over time to refresh our Board is desirable. Our Board has shown an ongoing commitment to Board refreshment and to having highly qualified, independent perspectives in the boardroom. Of our 10 current non-employee directors, six joined the Board in 2020 or later. In February 2024 and September 2024, we recruited two additional independent directors, Zane Rowe and Bill Nash, respectively. Mr. Rowe brings extensive experience in business strategy, corporate finance and technology development, having worked with some of today s leading global technology organizations. His expertise helps eBay further its strategy and aid in its focus on delivering long-term stockholder value. Mr. Nash further strengthens the Board with his significant experience in retail, ecommerce, and technology development. His experience as the CEO of CarMax deepens the knowledge and experience of our Board and will contribute to eBay s focus on sustainable long-term growth. Our Board members have an average tenure of 5.4 years, which shows a balance between the institutional knowledge of our longer-tenured directors and the fresh perspectives brought by our newer directors. While the Board does not have formal term limits for its directors, it generally seeks to maintain an average tenure of ten years or less for its non-employee directors. Our Board believes that, in addition to strategic succession planning, refreshment enhances the breadth of skills and experience of the Board and helps align Board skills and experience with our long-term strategy. Nominating Process The CGNC considers nominee recommendations from a variety of sources, including nominees recommended by stockholders. The CGNC has from time to time retained an executive search firm to help facilitate the screening and interview process of director nominees. The CGNC expects that qualified candidates will have high-level managerial experience in complex organizations or with overseeing or addressing complex problems and will be able to represent the interests of the stockholders as a whole rather than special interest groups or constituencies. Director Selection Principles The CGNC considers a number of factors in determining director nominees that it recommends to the Board, both in connection with the Company s annual meeting of stockholders and to fill Board vacancies. The CGNC reviews each candidate relative to the following principles, as set forth in our Governance Guidelines. TABLE OF CONTENTS 16 2025 Proxy Statement The Board then determines whether to appoint recommended director nominees, in the case of Board vacancies, and whether to present recommended director nominees to the Company s stockholders for election, in the case of the Company s annual meeting of stockholders. Breadth of Skills and Experience In planning for succession, the CGNC considers the overall mix of skills and experience of the Board and the types of skills and experience desirable for future Board members, in light of the Company s business and long-term strategy. Experiences, qualifications, skills and attributes prioritized by the CGNC include the following: Technology industry experience Entrepreneurship Retail and e-commerce industry experience Transactional experience, including mergers and acquisitions Strategy experience in either established or growth markets Management experience, including talent and culture development Investment and finance experience, including expertise gained as a chief financial officer or other sophisticated experience Product, marketing and media experience Leadership experience, including public company governane Cybersecurity experience, including technical expertise or other relevant experience Board Background In addition to skills and experience, our CGNC considers a broad range of competencies, viewpoints, experience and characteristics in evaluating potential Board members, including age, national origin, gender and race. When searching for new directors, as set forth in our Governance Guidelines, the CGNC takes a holistic approach to evaluating potential Board members and actively seeks out candidates with a range of perspectives and backgrounds to include in the pool from which Board nominees are chosen. Our current Board composition includes four women and four directors who self-identify as members of racial or ethnic minority groups. The average age of our Board members is 55.9 years. Stockholder Nominations and Proxy Access Stockholders wishing to submit recommendations or director nominations pursuant to the advance notice procedures set forth in our bylaws for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders should submit their recommendations or nominations to the CGNC in care of our Corporate Secretary. Such nominations should be in accordance with the time limitations, procedures, and requirements described under Questions and Answers About the Proxy Materials and Our 2025 Annual Meeting May I propose actions for consideration at next year s Annual Meeting or nominate individuals to serve as directors? below. Our Proxy Access bylaw provision permits an eligible stockholder or group of up to 20 stockholders to nominate candidates for election to our Board. Proxy access candidates will be included in our proxy statement and ballot. The proxy access bylaw provision provides holders of at least 3% of eBay common stock, which can consist of up to 20 stockholders, holding such stock continuously for at least three years, with the right to nominate two individuals or 20% of the Board, whichever is greater, for election at an annual meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws provide details regarding the timeframes and procedures that must be followed and other requirements that must be met to nominate directors through this process. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 17 Director Independence The rules of Nasdaq require listed companies to have a board of directors with at least a majority of independent directors. In addition, in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq, the Board limits membership on all of its committees, including the Audit Committee, the CHCC, and the CGNC, to independent directors. Our Board has determined that 10 of our 11 director nominees are independent under the listing standards of Nasdaq and under eBay s Governance Guidelines. Jamie Iannone, who joined the Board on and has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since April 27, 2020, is not an independent director. In making this determination, our Board considered the current and prior relationships that each director has with eBay and other facts and circumstances the Board deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the information each of our directors is required to provide each year regarding those relationships, as well as relevant family relationships, that may impact independence. There are no family relationships among any of the director nominees, directors or any of our executive officers. Our Governance Guidelines require any director who has previously been determined to be independent to inform the Chair of the Board and our Corporate Secretary of any change in circumstance that may cause their status as an independent director to change. Each member of our Board is required to provide information to supplement the Company s own due diligence to assist the Board in determining whether the director is independent under the listing standards of Nasdaq and our Governance Guidelines, and whether members of our Audit Committee and our CHCC satisfy additional SEC and Nasdaq independence requirements. Our Board has adopted guidelines setting forth certain categories of transactions, relationships, and arrangements that it has deemed immaterial for purposes of making its determination regarding a director s independence, and does not consider any such transactions, relationships, and arrangements in making its subjective determination. Board Leadership Structure and Effectiveness Board Leadership In accordance with our bylaws and our Governance Guidelines, our Board appoints our CEO, and our non-employee directors elect our Chair of the Board. The Chair of the Board is elected annually. Reflecting the Board s longstanding policy, our Governance Guidelines require that the roles of Chair of the Board and CEO be held by separate individuals. Key considerations for this policy are the Board s belief that the separation of the offices of the Chair of the Board and CEO has been appropriate to aid in the Board s oversight of management, while also allowing our CEO to focus primarily on management responsibilities. Under our bylaws, the Chair of the Board presides over all meetings of the Board, and, where a chair of the meeting is not designated by the Board, meetings of stockholders, and has the power to request eBay to call special meetings of the Board and stockholders. As the elected leader of our Board, the Chair of the Board is influential in setting Board meeting agendas, long-term planning of Board discussions, director succession plans and the allocation of risk oversight among the Board and its standing committees. In most instances, our Chair is the independent director who engages with stockholders, when such direct engagement is deemed appropriate. Mr. Pressler has served as our Chair of the Board since June 2020. Any change from the current structure of having a Chair separate from the CEO would be at the discretion of the Board, though the Board may seek input from stockholders if a change is contemplated in the future. Any such change would be disclosed publicly, including on our investor relations website and in our annual proxy statement. In the event that the Board determines it to be more effective to have a single individual act as both Chair and CEO, our Governance Guidelines require the appointment of a lead independent director, with the responsibilities set forth in our Governance Guidelines. Committee Structure Our Board has five principal committees: the Audit Committee, the CHCC, the CGNC, the Risk Committee and the Technology Committee. The purpose of our Board committees is to help the Board effectively and efficiently fulfill its responsibilities without eliminating the oversight responsibilities of our Board as a whole. Each committee meets regularly and has a written charter that has been approved by the Board. In addition, a member of each committee periodically reports to the Board on any significant matters discussed by the committee. The Board and each of its committees may retain outside advisors of its choosing at the Company s expense. Neither the Board nor any committee is required to obtain management s consent to retain outside advisors. TABLE OF CONTENTS 18 2025 Proxy Statement Audit Committee All members of our Audit Committee are independent in accordance with the audit committee independence requirements of the listing rules of Nasdaq and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. Our Board has determined that each of Ms. Hayles, Mr. Rowe and Mr. Traquina is an audit committee financial expert as defined by SEC rules. COMMITTEE MEMBERS NASDAQ INDEPENDENCE AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT MEETINGS IN 2024 E. Carol Hayles (Chair) 8 Zane Rowe Perry M. Traquina Key Responsibilities Meets with our independent auditors to review the results of our annual audit and quarterly review process and discuss our financial statements Oversees the independence of our independent auditors, evaluates, together with the Board, the independent auditors performance, and reviews and approves the fees of the independent auditors Receives and considers the independent auditors comments regarding our audit and financial controls, as well as the adequacy of our staff, and management performance and procedures in connection with audit and financial controls Considers conflicts of interest and reviews all transactions with related persons involving executive officers or Board members that are reasonably expected to exceed specified thresholds Receives periodic updates on our legal and ethical compliance programs Reviews and discusses with management our financial risk exposures, including credit and counterparty risks, market risk, asset and liability risk, liquidity risk, foreign currency risk, and investment policy risk, and the steps we have taken to detect, monitor, and actively manage such exposures Reviews and evaluates the compensation and performance of the Head of Internal Audit, reviews and approves the internal audit plan, receives regular reports on internal audit activities and meets directly with the Head of Internal Audit without other members of management present Establishes procedures for receiving, and investigating, complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing materials TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 19 You can view our Audit Committee Charter on the corporate governance section of our investor relations website at https://investors.ebayinc.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents. Compensation and Human Capital Committee All members of our CHCC are independent in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq and the Exchange Act. This committee is responsible for reviewing the compensation of the Company s executives and overseeing the Company s human capital management strategy and practices. In this capacity, we have planned with the executive leadership team to engage in a regular cadence of discussions throughout the year on matters such as compensation strategy, management development and other programs that support our human capital strategy. COMMITTEE MEMBERS NASDAQ INDEPENDENCE MEETINGS IN 2024 Adriane M. Brown (Chair) 6 Logan D. Green William D. Nash* * Mr. Nash joined the CHCC in November 2024, following his appointment to the Board in September 2024. Key Responsibilities Reviews and approves the compensation of our CEO and our other executive officers Oversees global compensation strategy for all employees and broad-based equity plans Reviews and approves our annual Compensation Discussion and Analysis Assesses on an annual basis the independence of its compensation consultants and other compensation advisers Reviews risk assessment of our compensation programs to assess whether our compensation programs incentivize employees to take unacceptable risk Reviews and approves Board compensation Reviews, approves and administers Company compensation clawback policies Oversees, in conjunction with the Board, our human capital management strategy and practices, including activities such as talent recruitment, development and retention, employee engagement, succession planning, and diversity, inclusion and belonging You can view our CHCC Charter on the corporate governance section of our investor relations website at https://investors.ebayinc.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents. Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee All members of our CGNC are independent under the listing standards of Nasdaq. COMMITTEE MEMBERS NASDAQ INDEPENDENCE MEETINGS IN 2024 Paul S. Pressler (Chair) 4 Adriane M. Brown E. Carol Hayles Key Responsibilities Makes recommendations to the Board as to the appropriate size of the Board and Board committees Reviews the qualifications and independence of candidates for the Board Makes recommendations to the Board on potential Board and Board committee members Assesses the responsibilities of key Board committees and makes recommendations to the Board Establishes procedures for the oversight of the evaluation of the Board Reviews correspondence received from stockholders and receives reports on stockholder feedback obtained through outreach program Oversees the Company s policies and programs concerning responsible business, philanthropy and sustainability initiatives and reporting Annually reviews and makes recommendations to the Board as to the Company s corporate governance principles Reviews the Company s political spending and related activities TABLE OF CONTENTS 20 2025 Proxy Statement The CGNC takes into account the set of guiding principles relating to Board membership described in Corporate Governance Board Composition and Independence. You can view our CGNC Charter on the corporate governance section of our investor relations website at https://investors.ebayinc.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents. Risk Committee The Risk Committee Charter requires a majority of the committee members to be independent under the listing standards of the Nasdaq. Currently, all members of our Risk Committee are independent under Nasdaq listing standards. COMMITTEE MEMBERS NASDAQ INDEPENDENCE MEETINGS IN 2024 Perry M. Traquina (Chair) 3 Paul S. Pressler Zane Rowe Key Responsibilities Oversees the Company s management of key risks such as geopolitics, fraud and transaction losses, and applicable regulatory compliance (including privacy, anti-money laundering and foreign assets control), as well as policies and processes for assessing, monitoring and mitigating such risks Reviews and discusses with management the Company s enterprise risk management function and structure, and the guidelines, policies and processes for risk assessment and risk management Reviews and discusses with management the tone and culture within the Company regarding risk, including open risk discussions, and integration of risk management into the Company s behaviors, decision making and processes Receives reports from the Company s corporate audit and compliance staff on the results of risk management reviews and assessment You can view our Risk Committee Charter on the corporate governance section of our investor relations website at https://investors.ebayinc.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents. Technology Committee NEW The Technology Committee Charter requires a majority of the committee members to be independent under the listing standards of the Nasdaq. Currently, all members of our Technology Committee are independent under Nasdaq listing standards. COMMITTEE MEMBERS NASDAQ INDEPENDENCE MEETINGS IN 2024 Shripriya Mahesh (Chair) 0* Aparna Chennapragada Mohak Shroff * The Technology Committee was created and authorized in November 2024 and will not have a formal meeting until 2025. Key Responsibilities Reviews and discusses with management the Company s key plans, strategies and initiatives relating to technology (including software, artificial intelligence, infrastructure, hardware and information technology) as well as the development and uses of technology in ways that support the Company s business strategy Receives periodic updates from management on compliance with the significant policies related to technology Receives reports, as necessary and appropriate, on emerging technologies, innovations and other trends that may affect the Company s business or technology strategies Reviews and discusses with management risk exposures relating to cybersecurity, data management and site availability You can view our Technology Committee Charter on the corporate governance section of our investor relations website at https://investors.ebayinc.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 21 Board and Committee Effectiveness We believe in strong corporate governance practices that provide meaningful rights to our stockholders and ensure Board accountability. Our Governance Guidelines set forth a framework within which our Board conducts its business and demonstrates our commitment to good governance and a productive relationship with our stockholders. Principal features of our Governance Guidelines are summarized below along with certain other of our governance practices. TABLE OF CONTENTS 22 2025 Proxy Statement Board Annual Self-Evaluations It is important that our Board and its committees are performing effectively and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. The Board and each committee annually evaluate their effectiveness in fulfilling their obligations. As part of this annual self-evaluation, directors can provide feedback on the performance of other directors. The chair of the Board leads the Board in its review of the results of the annual self-evaluations. Board Oversight Strategy Oversight One of the Board s key responsibilities is overseeing the Company s strategy, and the Board has deep experience and expertise in the area of strategy development and insights into the most important issues facing the Company. Setting the strategic course of the Company involves a high level of constructive engagement between management and the Board. The Board regularly discusses eBay s key priorities, taking into consideration and adjusting the Company s long-term strategy with global economic, customer and other significant trends, as well as changes in the e-commerce industry and the regulatory landscape. At least annually, the Board conducts a review with management of the Company s long-term strategic plans, its annual operating plan and capital structure. Throughout the year and at Board meetings, the Board receives information and updates from management and engages with senior leaders with respect to the Company s strategy, including the strategic plans for our businesses and the competitive environment. eBay s independent directors also hold regularly scheduled executive sessions for both Board and committee meetings without Company management present, at which strategy is discussed. The Board, CGNC or CHCC, as applicable, also regularly discuss and review investor and proxy advisory firm feedback on strategy. Management Succession Planning and Workplace Culture The Board recognizes the importance of effective executive leadership to eBay s success. The Board conducts a review of management at least annually that includes succession plans for our senior leadership positions. In conducting its review, the Board considers, among other factors, organizational and operational needs, competitive challenges, leadership/management potential and development and interim successors for emergency situations. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 23 Board Connection to eBay Workplace Culture The Board is intently focused on fostering a culture of leadership, development and excellence. Our workplace culture is linked to eBay s mission of empowering people and creating economic opportunity for all. This shared purpose has influenced our culture for 30 years and motivates our employees every day. We are committed to our eBay DNA of empowering our community, innovating boldly, delivering with impact, being for everyone and acting with integrity. The Board views eBay s workplace culture as an asset and oversees eBay s employee engagement and other workforce development programs. Enterprise Risk Oversight eBay faces economic, financial, legal and regulatory, operational and other risks, such as the impact of competition and sustainability risks, including social, environmental and reputational factors that are integral to the strength of our brands. The Board recognizes that our ability to manage risk can influence whether we achieve our strategic and operating objectives. The Board, as a whole and through its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of risk management, while management is responsible for the day-to-day management of the risks that we face. In its risk oversight role, the Board is responsible for satisfying itself that the risk management framework and supporting processes as implemented by management are adequate and functioning as designed. The Board also influences risk management by fostering a corporate culture of integrity and risk awareness. TABLE OF CONTENTS 24 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 25 Risk Management Risk management is embedded across our businesses, with oversight of our company-wide initiatives by the Board and its committees as illustrated above. Our approach to risk management is designed to identify, assess, prioritize and manage risk exposures that could affect our ability to execute our corporate strategy and fulfill our business objectives. Our ERM program enables the Board to establish a mutual understanding with management on the effectiveness of the Company s risk management practices and capabilities, including with division of responsibilities for reviewing the Company s risk exposure and risk tolerance, tracking emerging risks and ensuring proper escalation of certain key risks for periodic review by the Board and its committees. Management collaborates internally, periodically engages independent advisors to update risk assessments and works across the organization to help our business groups and functions identify emerging risks and trends. Short- and long-term risks are evaluated regularly, and senior management is responsible for prioritizing risks and developing a culture of risk-aware practices to identify and manage the appropriate level of risk consistent with the Company s business strategy. Risks are mapped based on probability, immediacy and potential magnitude, and eBay s risk management strategies and Board oversight processes are designed accordingly. Examples of key risks encompassed by the ERM program include, without limitation, geopolitics, fraud and transaction losses, and regulatory compliance. On a regular basis, the Board and its committees engage with our senior management and other members of management on risk as part of broad strategic and operational discussions that encompass interrelated risks, as well as on a risk-by-risk basis. Our Board and its committees engage on various risk topics encompassed by our ERM program, as well as other relevant risks eBay faces. In 2024, the Board formed a Technology Committee that will assist the Board in its oversight and review and discuss with management risk exposures related to cybersecurity, data management and site availability, which are topics that were previously overseen by our Risk Committee. Our Chief Compliance Officer periodically reviews with the Risk Committee the major risks under its oversight and the steps management has taken to detect, monitor and actively manage those risks within the agreed risk tolerance. Likewise, our Chief Sustainability Officer shares with the CGNC emerging trends, risks and strategies relating to sustainability. Our Audit Committee has an annual cadence to review the risks included in its remit, including quarterly meetings regarding ethics programs with our Chief Ethics Officer. The CHCC engages with our Chief People Officer several times per year regarding the most relevant risks and opportunities concerning our workforce, including an annual review of the Company s risk assessment of its compensation policies and practices for its employees, assesses whether such policies and practices encourage excessive risk-taking and evaluates policies and practices that could mitigate such risks. The executives responsible for managing a particular risk (in the case of cybersecurity risks, our Chief Technology Officer and Chief Information Security Officer) may also report to the full Board or its committees, as appropriate, on how the risk is being managed and progress towards agreed mitigation goals. The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures, including within our cybersecurity incident response plans, designed for analysis of potentially material events covered by our risk management framework, including cybersecurity incidents or threats. eBay DNA and Human Capital Management At eBay, our core value Be for Everyone fuels our commitment to diversity, inclusion, and belonging. We strive to create a workplace where every employee feels valued, empowered, and able to bring their best, most innovative selves to work. We believe this commitment fosters creativity, strengthens engagement, and cultivates a deep sense of belonging, which we believe is essential for driving corporate performance, achieving business goals, and delivering stockholder value. As a global marketplace connecting millions of buyers and sellers, our purpose is to build communities and create economic opportunity for all. By pursuing a holistic strategy, we are not just embracing diverse perspectives and fostering an inclusive culture, but also aiming to enhance innovation, deepening our understanding of customers, and strengthening the connections that drive our business. We believe that fostering belonging and reflecting the diversity of our global community helps us attract and retain consumers, expand the breadth of inventory on our Marketplace platforms, and create long-term value for our stockholders. We believe transparency about our journey, progress and lessons learned are important. eBay Impact: Our Focus on Sustainable Commerce and Economic Empowerment eBay is a global commerce leader that connects people and builds communities to create economic opportunity for all. eBay s Impact team supports this goal by focusing its efforts on several key areas identified in our sustainability materiality assessment, including Economic Opportunity, Sustainable Commerce, Culture Workforce and maintaining a Trusted Marketplace. Our materiality assessment is facilitated by an outside advisor and updated every three years to ensure that our Impact programs continue to reflect the issues we believe to be the most important for eBay and its business. As noted above, the CGNC receives periodic updates on eBay sustainability initiatives, reporting, investor feedback and third-party ratings. Many of our Impact initiatives involve cross-company collaboration on goal setting, impact measurement and reporting, which is published annually on the eBay Impact section of our Company website. eBay formed the ESG Disclosure Steering Committee to oversee our disclosure strategies, to comply with existing and expected ESG regulations in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other locations, and to manage ESG risks and capitalize on opportunities. This committee is composed of key members of our Finance and Legal teams. Additionally, eBay formed the Climate and Sustainability Committee to better align on workstreams supporting our transition to a low-carbon economy. This committee includes members of teams such as Core Technology, Enterprise Management Resources, Procurement, Shipping, Sustainability and more. Both committees are chaired by our Chief Sustainability Officer. We are currently focusing our efforts on preparing for the transition to regulatory ESG reporting required by some jurisdictions in which we operate, and coordinating our net-zero strategy. TABLE OF CONTENTS 26 2025 Proxy Statement Through the combination of the ERM program and our Impact initiatives, we believe eBay appropriately addresses the spectrum of risks facing our businesses, including material issues identified by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board industry standards as being applicable to companies in our industry. The table below provides a brief overview of the eBay Impact initiatives as well as recent highlights. Empowering communities through thoughtful commerce EBAY IMPACT INITIATIVE OVERVIEW PROGRESS Economic Opportunity As champions of inclusive entrepreneurship for everyone, eBay helps small businesses grow and thrive globally. In 2024, small businesses contributed approximately 70% of GMV in our three largest markets by demand (U.S., U.K. and Germany). eBay for Charity eBay for Charity empowers buyers and sellers to support charities around the world. We enable buyers to purchase from or donate to their favorite organizations and sellers to contribute a portion of their sales to selected non-profits. eBay for Charity partners with charity organizations globally to help them reach their fundraising goals. In 2024, eBay for Charity partnered with GLIDE, Elton John AIDS Foundation, World Central Kitchen, 6 Degrees, Deckaid, and Homes for Our Troops, amongst others. In 2024, more than $192 million was raised by buyers and sellers to support charities via eBay for Charity. eBay Foundation eBay Foundation helps to support economically vibrant and thriving communities, including by partnering with nonprofit organizations that are addressing and removing barriers to entrepreneurship for people who identify with historically excluded groups. We also support our employees with meaningful giving and volunteering opportunities. Since 1998, eBay Foundation has provided nearly $140 million in total giving, which has supported over 1,800 unique nonprofit organizations. In 2024, eBay Foundation granted nearly $18 million to support historically excluded entrepreneurs and our employee gift-matching program. Sustainable Commerce As a pioneer of recommerce and circular commerce, we strive to sustain the future of our customers, our company and our planet by promoting the buying and selling of pre-loved or refurbished items as well as other sustainable commerce initiates. We help lead the way forward as partners with our global community. We also continue to embrace best practices at our facilities to reduce our environmental footprint and reinforce our commitment to operating with integrity. Through selling pre-loved and refurbished items on our Marketplace in 2024, eBay helped avoid nearly 1.6 million metric tons of carbon emissions that would have been expected to result from the production of comparable new goods. eBay remains committed to our target of reducing 90% of carbon emissions from our operations (scope 1 2) by 2030 from a 2019 baseline, and have increased our target to reducing 27.5% from our value chain (scope 3) in the same timeframe to be in line with our net-zero target for 2045. eBay also achieved its 100% renewable energy goal for eBay-controlled data centers and offices in 2024, one year early. Trusted Marketplace eBay has created a trusted, transparent marketplace that is based on the strong ethical values we strive to follow as a business. Since 2020, eBay has regularly published a Global Transparency Report in order to openly communicate its trust and safety policies and enforcement of those policies. Stockholder Engagement Why We Engage Our directors and management are committed to maintaining a robust dialogue with stockholders. We routinely engage with stockholders throughout the year in order to: Provide transparency into our business, our performance and our governance and compensation practices Discuss with our stockholders the issues that are important to them, hear their expectations for us and share our views Assess emerging issues that may affect our business, inform our decision making, enhance our corporate disclosures and help shape our practices After we file our proxy statement, we engage with our largest stockholders about important topics to be addressed at our annual meeting. Since January 2024, we have offered to meet on sustainability, governance, compensation, capital allocation and other matters with 37 investors representing approximately 69% of our outstanding shares, which resulted in 11 conference calls or meetings with investors representing approximately 10% of our outstanding shares. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 27 How We Engage with Stockholders Governance Policies and Practices Contacting the Board or Individual Directors Stockholders may contact the Board, individual directors or groups of directors (such as all of our independent directors) at the following address: c/o Corporate Secretary, eBay Inc., 2025 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose, California 95125 TABLE OF CONTENTS 28 2025 Proxy Statement The CGNC has delegated responsibility for initial review of stockholder communications to our Corporate Secretary. This process assists the Board in reviewing and responding to stockholder communications in an appropriate manner. The CGNC has instructed our Corporate Secretary to review correspondence directed to the Board and its principal committees. It is at the Corporate Secretary s discretion to determine whether to forward items solely related to complaints by users with respect to ordinary course of business, customer service and satisfaction issues, or matters the Corporate Secretary deems to be of a commercial or frivolous nature or otherwise inappropriate for the Board s or its committees consideration. Governance Documents Our Governance Guidelines, the charters of our principal Board committees, and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics can be found on our investor relations website at https://investors.ebayinc.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents, and any changes in these governance documents will be reflected in the same location. Information contained on our investor relations website is not part of this Proxy Statement. Majority Vote Standard for Election of Directors Our bylaws provide that in the event of an uncontested election, each director shall be elected by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast with respect to such director. This means that the numbers of shares voted FOR a director nominee must exceed the number of votes cast AGAINST that nominee. ABSTAIN votes and broker non-votes will be counted as present for purposes of this vote but are not counted as votes cast. As a result, abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on the vote for Proposal 1: Election of Directors. Director Resignation Provisions for Uncontested Elections If a nominee who is serving as a director (an Incumbent Director ) fails to receive the required number of votes for election in accordance with our bylaws in an uncontested election, then the Incumbent Director would, in accordance with Delaware law, continue to serve on the Board as a holdover director until (i) their successor is elected and qualified, (ii) they are re-nominated after consideration by the CGNC as described further below, or (iii) their earlier death, resignation, retirement, or removal pursuant to our bylaws. Pursuant to our Governance Guidelines, in nominating any Incumbent Director for election, our Board considers whether that director has tendered an irrevocable resignation effective upon the Board s acceptance in the event the director fails to receive the required vote to be elected. Similarly, our Board also considers whether any nominee who is not an Incumbent Director has agreed to tender such a resignation prior to being nominated for election. Each of our 10 independent director nominees currently serving on the Board has submitted such an irrevocable resignation . Under our bylaws, in an uncontested election, if an Incumbent Director does not receive the required vote for election, within 90 days after the date of the certification of the election results (subject to an additional 90-day period in certain circumstances) the CGNC, or another committee of the Board consisting solely of independent directors, will decide whether to accept or reject such director s resignation (if the director has tendered such a resignation), or whether to take other action. In reaching its decision, the CGNC or applicable other committee will review factors it deems relevant, which may include any stated reasons for AGAINST votes, whether the underlying cause or causes of the AGAINST votes are curable, the criteria considered by the CGNC in evaluating potential director candidates, the director s contributions and length of service to eBay, and the size and holding period of director s stock ownership in the Company. The CGNC s or applicable other committee s decision will be publicly disclosed in a filing with the SEC. If a nominee who was not already serving as a director fails to receive the required votes to be elected at the Annual Meeting, then they will not become a member of the Board. Stock Ownership Guidelines Our Board has adopted stock ownership guidelines to better align the interests of our directors and executive officers with the interests of our stockholders and further promote our commitment to sound corporate governance. Under these guidelines, our executive officers are required to achieve ownership of eBay common stock (which for executive officers includes unvested RSUs) valued at three times their annual base salary (six times in the case of our CEO). For the executive officers, these guidelines are initially calculated using the executive officer s annual base salary as of the date the person is first appointed as an executive officer. These guidelines are then recalculated each January 1st immediately following the third anniversary of the most recent calculation. In addition, these guidelines will also be recalculated as of the date on which an executive officer s pay grade changes. Our non-employee directors are required to achieve ownership of eBay common stock valued at five times the value of the annual retainer for service on the Board (not including any additional retainers for committee service). For the non-employee directors, these guidelines are initially calculated as of the director s election to the Board and are then recalculated each June 1st thereafter. Each of our executive officers is required to retain 50% of any shares of eBay common stock received (net of any shares sold or withheld to pay any applicable exercise price or satisfy tax withholding obligations) as the result of the exercise, vesting or payment of any eBay equity awards granted to the executive officer, until the stock ownership guidelines are met. Each of our non-employee directors is required to retain 25% of the shares received (net of any shares sold or withheld to pay any applicable exercise price or satisfy tax obligations) as the result of the exercise, vesting or payment of any eBay equity awards granted to the non-employee director, until the stock ownership guidelines are met. As of December 31, 2024, all of our executive officers and directors were in compliance with the stock ownership guidelines. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 29 Our stock ownership guidelines can be found on our investor relations website at https://investors.ebayinc.com/corporate-governance/ governance-documents. The stock ownership levels of our executive officers and directors as of April 15, 2025, calculated in accordance with the rules of the SEC, are set forth in the section entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management below. Insider Trading Policy We have adopted an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of our securities that applies to our directors, officers, employees, consultants and contractors. We also follow procedures for the repurchase of our own securities. Our insider trading policy prohibits the trading of our securities while in possession of material non-public information, establishes blackout periods and, in some cases, pre-clearance procedures, wherein certain designated employees who are or may be regularly exposed to material non-public information are prohibited from trading in our securities, and requires that all Rule 10b5-1 trading plans comply with applicable law. We believe that our Insider Trading Policy and repurchase procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards applicable to us. A copy of our Insider Trading Policy was filed as Exhibit 19.01 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Hedging and Pledging Policy The Company s insider trading policy prohibits directors, executive officers, and other employees from entering into any hedging or monetization transactions relating to our securities or otherwise trading in any instrument relating to the future price of our securities, such as a put or call option, futures contract, short sale, collar or other derivative security. The policy also prohibits directors and executive officers from pledging eBay common stock as collateral for any loans. Option Granting We have a longstanding practice of granting all annual equity awards on April 1st of every year, which is generally during a trading blackout period, and typically granting any new hire awards on the 15th of the month following the eligible employee s start date. There were no stock option grants during the 2024 calendar year. The CHCC may consider whether or not to use stock options as part of the long-term equity incentive component of the executive compensation program in the future but has determined not to include stock options at this time. We may consider adopting an official option granting policy if we decide to grant additional options in the future. Our executive officers are not permitted to choose the grant date for their individual equity awards. In prior years when we granted stock options or similar awards, we followed our practice of granting annual awards on April 1st each year and typically granting new hire awards on the 15th of the month following an eligible employee s start date. Our practice is to not time the grant of stock options or similar awards based on the release of material nonpublic information that is likely to result in changes to the price of our common stock, such as a significant positive or negative earnings announcement, and to not time the public release of such information based on stock option grant dates. During the 2024 calendar year, we did not time the disclosure of material nonpublic information for the purpose of affecting the value of executive compensation. Clawback Policies In 2012, we implemented changes to the eBay Incentive Plan and the Company s equity incentive award plans to provide that awards made under those plans are subject to a clawback provision. In 2014, the CHCC adopted a clawback policy applicable to employees with a title of Vice President or above. In 2023, the CHCC adopted a supplemental clawback policy applicable to our executive officers that complies with the new SEC rules issued in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act ) and applicable Nasdaq listing rules that took effect in December 2023. Our 2014 clawback policy and supplemental clawback policy are discussed in further detail under the section entitled Severance and Change in Control Arrangements with Executive Officers and Clawbacks Clawbacks below. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics We expect our directors, executive officers, and other employees to conduct themselves with the highest degree of integrity, ethics, and honesty. Our credibility and reputation depend on the good judgment, ethical standards, and personal integrity of each director, executive officer, and employee. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics requires that directors, executive officers, and other employees disclose actual or potential conflicts of interest and recuse themselves from related decisions. To better protect us and our stockholders, we regularly review our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and related policies to ensure that they provide clear guidance to our directors, executive officers, and employees. Our Audit Committee reviews and approves the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as well as our programs that are designed to ensure compliance therewith. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics may be found on our investor relations website at https://investors.ebayinc.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents/. The Company also has practices that address potential conflicts in circumstances where a non-employee director is a control person of an investment fund that desires to make an investment in or acquire a company that may compete with one of the Company s businesses. Under TABLE OF CONTENTS 30 2025 Proxy Statement those circumstances, the director is required to notify the Company s CEO and General Counsel of the proposed transaction, and the Company s senior management then assesses the nature and degree to which the investee company is competitive with the Company s businesses, as well as the potential overlaps between the Company and the investee company. All transactions by investment funds in which a non-employee director is a control person also remain subject in all respects to the Board s written policy for the review of related person transactions, discussed under the section entitled Governance Policies and Practices Certain Transactions with Directors and Officers below. Corporate Hotline We have established a corporate hotline that is operated by a third party and allows any employee, business partner, vendor and others to confidentially and anonymously (where legally permissible) submit a complaint about any accounting, internal control, auditing, or other matters of concern. Anyone can email askethics@ebay.com; or submit an anonymous inquiry by calling the eBay Integrity Helpline at 844-945-0216. Certain Transactions with Directors and Officers Our Audit Committee reviews and approves all transactions with related persons that are required to be disclosed in this section of our Proxy Statement. Our Board has adopted a written policy for the review of related person transactions. For purposes of the policy, a related person transaction includes transactions in which (1) the amount involved is more than $120,000, (2) eBay is a participant, and (3) any related person has a direct or indirect material interest. The policy defines a related person to include directors, nominees for director, executive officers, beneficial holders of more than 5% of eBay s outstanding common stock and their respective family members. Pursuant to the policy, all related person transactions must be approved by the Audit Committee or, in the event of an inadvertent failure to bring the transaction to the Audit Committee for pre-approval, ratified by the Audit Committee. In the event that a member of the Audit Committee has an interest in a related person transaction, the transaction must be approved or ratified by the disinterested members of the Audit Committee. In deciding whether to approve or ratify a related person transaction, the Audit Committee will consider the following factors: Whether the terms of the transaction are (a) fair to eBay and (b) at least as favorable to eBay as would apply if the transaction did not involve a related person; Whether there are demonstrable business reasons for eBay to enter into the transaction; Whether the transaction would impair the independence of an outside director under eBay s director independence standards; and Whether the transaction would present an improper conflict of interest for any director or executive officer, taking into account the size of the transaction, the overall financial position of the related person, the direct or indirect nature of the related person s interest in the transaction and the ongoing nature of any proposed relationship, and any other factors the Audit Committee deems relevant. We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. These agreements require us to indemnify such individuals, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, for certain liabilities to which they may become subject as a result of their affiliation with eBay. Since January 1, 2024, there were no related person transactions, and we are not aware of any currently proposed related person transactions, that would require disclosure under SEC rules. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 31 Compensation of Directors The CHCC is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding compensation paid to all directors who are not employees of eBay, or any parent, subsidiary, or affiliate of eBay, for their Board and committee services. Pay Governance LLC ( Pay Governance ) serves as the CHCC s independent compensation consultant. In connection with its engagement, Pay Governance assists the CHCC in conducting annual peer benchmarking and assessment of market trends and best practices, to ensure that eBay s director compensation program is in line with the market and that pay levels are comparable to peers. Our most recent benchmarking indicates that our compensation is benchmarked at or around the 50th percentile of our peer group. Annual Cash Retainers The following table sets forth annual cash retainers paid to our non-employee directors who served as Chair of the Board and the Chairs of the Audit, Compensation and Human Capital, Corporate Governance and Nominating, Risk and Technology Committees, respectively, and as members of those Committees, pursuant to our 2024 director compensation program. Our directors do not receive additional compensation for attending meetings of committees on which they do not serve or for meeting with members of management and other eBay employees. ANNUAL RETAINER FOR BOARD MEMBERSHIP AMOUNT All Independent Directors $ 80,000 Board Chair $ 100,000 Lead Independent Director (if applicable) $ 25,000 Annual Retainer For Committee Chairs Audit $ 25,000 Compensation and Human Capital $ 15,000 Corporate Governance Nominating $ 15,000 Risk $ 15,000 Technology $ 15,000 * Annual Retainer For Committee Members Audit $ 18,000 Compensation and Human Capital $ 15,000 Corporate Governance Nominating $ 10,000 Risk $ 10,000 Technology $ 10,000 Annual RSU Grant Board Chair $ 350,000 All Independent Directors $ 250,000 * The Technology Committee was created and authorized in November 2024. Accordingly, the Chair and members of the Technology Committee received a prorated portion of their annual retainer based on the portion of 2024 during which they served in their Technology Committee roles. Annual compensation to continuing non-employee directors pursuant to our 2024 director compensation program consisted of (a) Restricted Stock Units ( RSUs ), granted on the date of the annual meeting with a grant date value equal to $250,000 or, for the non-employee director serving as the Chair of the Board, $350,000, in each case, the number of RSUs being determined by dividing the grant date value by the closing price per share of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, rounded up to the nearest whole share and (b) an annual cash retainer of $80,000, or, for a non-employee director serving as Chair of the Board, $100,000, plus additional cash fees for chair and committee service paid in quarterly installments (or, at the non-employee director s discretion, paid in additional shares of the Company s common stock of an equivalent value, calculated in the same manner as the annual equity award, rounded up to the nearest whole share). The annual equity award and Board and committee retainers are pro-rated in the event that a non-employee director serves for a portion of a year. For newly appointed non-employee directors, the annual equity award is granted shortly following the date of the director s appointment, with the number of RSUs being determined by dividing the grant date value (pro-rated based on the remaining portion of a year) by the closing price per share of the Company s common stock on the date of the Company s most recent annual meeting. Following Mr. Rowe s commencement of Board service on February 16, 2024, he received an RSU award on March 15, 2024, with a pro-rated value of $101,894 on such date, pursuant to our 2024 director compensation program. However, if a non-employee director is appointed more than nine months since the last annual meeting, the director will receive cash in lieu of any equity award grant. RSUs become fully vested upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date, and (ii) the first annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company that occurs after the grant date. In the event of a change in control of eBay, any unvested RSU awards granted to our non-employee directors will accelerate and become fully vested. Our Equity Incentive Award Plan, as amended and restated includes a maximum annual limit of $600,000 (increased by two times for the year in which the non-employee director commences service on the Board) on the value of equity awards that may be paid, issued, or granted to a non-employee director in any fiscal year (excluding any equity issued in lieu of cash). For purposes of this limitation, the value of equity awards is based on the accounting grant date fair value. TABLE OF CONTENTS 32 2025 Proxy Statement We previously issued Deferred Stock Units ( DSUs ) as equity compensation for our non-employee directors. Since January 1, 2017, RSUs have been granted in lieu of DSUs as compensation for non-employee directors. DSUs granted prior to August 1, 2013 are payable in Company common stock or cash (at our election) following the termination of a non-employee director s service on the Board. DSUs granted on or after August 1, 2013 are payable solely in Company common stock following the termination of a non-employee director s service on the Board. 2024 Director Compensation Table The following table and footnotes summarize the total compensation paid by the Company to non-employee directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. NAME FEES EARNED OR PAID IN CASH ($) (b) STOCK AWARDS ($) (c) TOTAL ($) (e) Adriane M. Brown 120,000 250,000 370,000 Aparna Chennapragada 98,000 250,000 348,000 Logan D. Green 95,096 250,000 345,096 E. Carol Hayles 133,000 250,000 383,000 Shripriya Mahesh 90,000 250,000 340,000 William D. Nash (1) 2,637 234,398 237,035 Paul S. Pressler 220,124 350,000 570,124 Zane Rowe (2) 61,038 351,927 (3) 412,965 Mohak Shroff 90,000 250,000 340,000 Perry M. Traquina 123,120 250,000 373,120 (1) Mr. Nash was appointed to the Board in September 2024. (2) Mr. Rowe was appointed to the Board in February 2024. (3) Following his commencement of Board service, on March 15, 2024, Mr. Rowe received an RSU award with a pro-rated value of $101,894 on such date, pursuant to our 2024 director compensation program. Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (Column (b)) The amounts reported in the Fees Earned or Paid in Cash column reflect the cash fees paid to each non-employee director in 2024, as well as fees with respect to which the following directors elected to receive shares in lieu of cash. NAME FEES FORGONE ($) SHARES RECEIVED (#) Logan D. Green 71,346 1,298 Paul S. Pressler 220,124 4,323 Zane Rowe 61,038 1,093 Perry M. Traquina 123,120 2,418 Stock Awards (Column (c)) The amounts reported in the Stock Awards column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of RSUs granted in 2024. The grant date fair value of each RSU was calculated using the fair value of our common stock on the date of the grant calculated in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. For more information regarding the accounting for and assumptions we used to calculate the grant date fair values for RSUs, see the heading Stock Based Compensation in Notes 1 and 14 to our financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, which was filed with the SEC on February 27, 2025. Each non-employee director providing service as a director through June 20, 2024, the date of our 2024 Annual Meeting, was granted 4,644 RSUs with a value of $250,000 on such date (or, in the case of (a) Mr. Pressler, our Chair of the Board, 6,501 RSUs with a value of $350,000 on such date and (b) Bill Nash, director who was appointed on September 18, 2024, 3,499 RSUs with a pro-rated value of $234,398 on such date). Such RSUs become fully vested upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date, and (ii) the first annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company that occurs after the grant date. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 33 As of December 31, 2024, each of the then-serving non-employee directors held the aggregate numbers of DSUs and RSUs set forth below. NAME TOTAL DSUS HELD AS OF 12/31/24 (#) TOTAL RSUS HELD AS OF 12/31/24 (#) Adriane M. Brown 4,644 Aparna Chennapragada 4,644 Logan D. Green 4,644 E. Carol Hayles 4,644 Shripriya Mahesh 4,644 William D. Nash 3,499 Paul S. Pressler 1,128 6,501 Zane Rowe 4,644 Mohak Shroff 4,644 Perry M. Traquina 6,198 4,644 TABLE OF CONTENTS 34 2025 Proxy Statement Proposal 2: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditors Audit Matters The Audit Committee is responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention, and oversight of the independent auditors retained to audit our consolidated financial statements. We have appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ) as our independent auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. PwC has served as our auditors since 1997. In order to assure continuing auditor independence, the Audit Committee periodically considers whether there should be a regular rotation of the independent audit firm. Further, in conjunction with the mandated rotation of the independent audit firm s lead engagement partner, the Audit Committee will continue to be directly involved in the selection and evaluation of PwC s lead engagement partner. Our lead engagement partner was rotated out in January 2025, and we have a new lead engagement partner for our fiscal year 2025 audit. The Board and the Audit Committee believe that the continued retention of PwC to serve as our independent auditors is in the best interests of eBay and our stockholders. We expect that representatives of PwC will be present at the Annual Meeting, will have an opportunity to make a statement if they wish, and will be available to respond to appropriate questions. Our bylaws do not require the stockholders to ratify the appointment of PwC as our independent auditors. However, we are submitting the appointment of PwC to our stockholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate practice. If the stockholders do not ratify the appointment, the Audit Committee will reconsider whether or not to retain PwC. Even if the appointment is ratified, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may change the appointment at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of eBay and our stockholders. The Board and the Audit Committee recommend a vote FOR this proposal. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 35 Audit and Other Professional Fees During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, fees for services provided by PwC were as follows (in thousands): YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 2023 Audit Fees $ 8,044 $ 7,921 Audit-Related Fees (1) 550 250 Tax Fees 1,826 500 All Other Fees 26 26 Total $ 10,446 $ 8,697 (1) Audit-Related Fees for 2024 relate to system implementation audit-related procedures and the U.K. Safeguarding audit requirement. Audit Fees consist of fees incurred for services rendered for the audit of eBay s annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in eBay s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, other services normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings, and for attestation services related to compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Audit-Related Fees consist of fees incurred for other attestation engagements and consultations regarding financial accounting and reporting matters. Tax Fees consist of fees incurred for tax planning and advisory services, and tax compliance services and projects. All Other Fees consist of fees incurred for permitted services not included in the category descriptions provided above with respect to Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees, and Tax Fees, and include fees for consulting services, compliance-related services, and software licenses. The Audit Committee has determined that the non-audit services rendered by PwC were compatible with maintaining its independence. All such non-audit services were pre-approved by the Audit Committee pursuant to the pre-approval policy set forth below. Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy The Audit Committee has adopted a policy requiring the pre-approval of any non-audit engagement of PwC. In the event that we wish to engage PwC to perform accounting, technical, diligence, or other permitted services not related to the services performed by PwC as our independent registered public accounting firm, our policy provides that our internal finance personnel will prepare a summary of the proposed engagement that details the nature of the engagement, the reasons why PwC is the preferred provider of such services, and the estimated duration and cost of the engagement, which information will then be provided to our Audit Committee for review and pre-approval. In making any pre-approval decision, our Audit Committee evaluates whether such engagement will interfere with the independence of PwC in the performance of its auditing services. The pre-approval of services may be delegated to one or more of our Audit Committee s members. On an interim basis, any non-audit engagement may be presented to the Chair of the Audit Committee for approval and to the full Audit Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting. Auditor Independence We have taken a number of steps to ensure continued independence of our outside auditors. Our independent auditors report directly to the Audit Committee, and we limit the use of our auditors for non-audit services. The fees for services provided by our auditors in 2023 and 2024 and our policy on pre-approval of non-audit services are described above. TABLE OF CONTENTS 36 2025 Proxy Statement Audit Committee Report The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed with our management our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024. The Audit Committee has discussed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ), our independent registered public accounting firm, the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB ) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Audit Committee has also received the written disclosures and the letter from PwC required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding PwC s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and the Audit Committee has discussed the independence of PwC with that firm. Based on the Audit Committee s review and discussions noted above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that our audited consolidated financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 for filing with the SEC. Audit Committee E. Carol Hayles (Chair) Zane Rowe Perry M. Traquina TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement 37 Our Executive Officers Executive officers are appointed annually by the Board and serve at the discretion of the Board. Set forth below is information regarding our executive officers as of April 30, 2025. Jamie Iannone Age: 52 Position: President and Chief Executive Officer Biography Mr. Iannone s biography is set forth above on page 10 under Proposal 1: Election of Directors Director Nominees. Cornelius Boone Age: 44 Position: Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer Biography Mr. Boone has served eBay as Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer since February 2021. Prior to joining eBay, he was Vice President, Human Resources at American Airlines from 2018 to January 2021. Prior to American Airlines, Mr. Boone was Vice President, Human Resources at Walmart from 2016 to 2018, and Vice President, Human Resources at Walmart Global eCommerce from 2014 to 2016. Eddie Garcia Age: 53 Position: Senior Vice President, Chief Product Officer Biography Mr. Garcia has served eBay as Senior Vice President and Chief Product Officer since April 2022. He is an eBay alumnus and brings more than two decades of product leadership experience. He rejoined eBay in April 2022 from Meta, where he was the Head of Commerce for Facebook s mobile app and led their marketplace efforts since June 2021. Prior to working at Meta, Mr. Garcia held various positions at Sam s Club from November 2014 until May 2021, including, most recently, Senior Vice President and Chief Product Officer from March 2019 to May 2021, and previously Vice President of End to End Experience from April 2017 to March 2019. Prior to Sam s Club, Mr. Garcia served as the Senior Vice President of Product Development at Travelzoo from January 2014 to November 2014. Previously, at eBay, Mr. Garcia held leadership roles in search, payments, buyer experience and new ventures from 2003 to 2014. TABLE OF CONTENTS 38 2025 Proxy Statement Julie Loeger Age: 61 Position: Senior Vice President, Chief Growth Officer Biography Ms. Loeger serves eBay as Senior Vice President, Chief Growth Officer. She assumed her current role in January 2021. Prior to joining eBay, Ms. Loeger spent 29 years at Discover, a financial company, most recently as Executive Vice President, President U.S. Cards, a position she held from 2018 to January 2021. At Discover, Ms. Loeger held leadership positions in many areas, including Rewards, Portfolio Marketing, Acquisition, Brand Management and Product Development. Prior to joining Discover, she held various marketing positions at Anheuser Busch, Inc. Steve Priest Age: 55 Position: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Biography Mr. Priest has served eBay as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since June 2021. He previously served as Chief Financial Officer of JetBlue Airways Corporation, a position he held from February 2017 to June 2021. Mr. Priest joined JetBlue in August 2015 as Vice President Structural Programs. Prior to JetBlue, he worked at British Airways from 1996 to 2015 where he served as Senior Vice President of its North Atlantic joint venture business with American Airlines, Iberia, and Finnair, as well as in several other leadership roles. Samantha Wellington Age: 47 Position: Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Biography Ms. Wellington serves eBay as its Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary. She assumed her current role in October 2024, and immediately prior to joining eBay, Ms. Wellington was Executive Vice President of Business Affairs, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary at TriNet Group, Inc., a provider of comprehensive human resource solutions for small and medium-size businesses, from 2016 to September 2024. Ms. Wellington served in several senior executive