=== EBAY_2026-02-19.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A: RISK FACTORS Risk Factors Summary The summary of risks below provides an overview of the principal risks we are exposed to in the normal course of our business activities: Business, Economic and Operating Risks • We experience significant variation in our operating and financial results, including GMV and net revenues. • We face intense competition that may materially harm our business. • If our advertising products, including our Promoted Listings, are not competitive, we will lose advertising revenues and our business will be harmed. • Our business depends on consumer engagement and spending, which makes our results of operations particularly sensitive to shifts in, and events that impact, consumer confidence, platform engagement and buying trends. • We may not be able to keep pace with technological changes, including emerging AI technologies, and with changes in consumer demands and expectations. • Our international operations subject us to various uncertainties, costs and risks, which could harm our business. • Cross-border trade is an important source of revenue and profit for us, and changes to global trade policies can significantly impact our customers and materially harm our business. • Our buyer and seller trust and protection programs increase our costs and loss rate, and failure to manage such programs effectively can damage customers’ trust in transacting on our platforms, which could harm our business. • Systems failures and business interruptions could harm our business. • Our payments and financial services offerings require ongoing investment and subject us to substantial legal, operational and third-party risks. • We are subject to significant fraud risk on our platforms. • We face significant risk from cyberattacks and data security breaches. • Our success largely depends on attracting, retaining, and developing our senior managers and other key employees. • We and our customers depend in part on third parties for products and services, some of which are controlled by our competitors, and changes to these products and services could harm our business. • Our acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures, strategic partnerships and strategic investments create potential material risks to our business. Regulatory and Legal Risks • We are subject to extensive and increasing regulation and oversight, which could adversely impact our business. • We face significant risk of liability for the actions of our customers, including products sold by sellers on our platforms. • Increasing levels of regulation in the areas of privacy, protection of user data and cybersecurity could harm our business. • We face risk from third parties that allege that we infringe, or are responsible when our customers infringe, on their intellectual property rights. • We are subject to laws and regulations that are not primarily intended for online commerce, and governments and regulators regularly subject us to litigation, inquiries and investigations, as they seek to extend new and existing laws to reach our business model. • Our business and our sellers and buyers may be subject to evolving sales and other tax regimes in various jurisdictions, which may harm our business. • We may be unable to adequately protect or enforce our own intellectual property rights. • Our disclosures and stakeholder expectations related to environmental, social and governance matters may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. • We may be exposed to claims and liabilities as a result of the Distribution of PayPal. 12 Table of Contents Financial Risks • We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities. • Fluctuations in interest rates, and changes in regulatory guidance related to such interest rates, could adversely impact our financial results. • We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which could negatively impact our financial results. • We have substantial indebtedness and we cannot guarantee that we will always generate sufficient cash flow to service our existing and future indebtedness. Failure to comply with the terms of our indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow and liquidity. • Our stock repurchases are discretionary and, even if effected, they may not achieve the desired objectives. Risk Factors You should carefully review the following discussion of the risks that may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and the other information appearing in this report, for important information regarding risks that affect us. Current global economic and geopolitical events and conditions as well as evolving regulatory scrutiny may amplify many of these risks. These risks are not the only risks that may affect us. Additional risks that we are not aware of or do not believe are material at the time of this filing may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. Business, Economic and Operating Risks We experience significant variation in our operating and financial results, including GMV and net revenues. All of our GMV, and substantially all of our net revenues each quarter come from transactions involving sales during that quarter. As a result, it is inherently difficult to accurately forecast our GMV, the amount and sources of our net revenues, earnings (loss) per share, operating income (loss), and our other key operating and financial performance metrics. Our operating and financial results have significantly varied on a quarterly basis throughout our operating history, and we expect our results to continue to fluctuate significantly for a variety of reasons, including all of the risks described in “Risk Factors,” including the following: • our success in attracting and retaining sellers and buyers; • changes in consumer confidence and discretionary spending trends, including shifts in interests away from any of our major focus categories; • the success of our marketing efforts; • the impact of competition on our business and industry; • our ability to convert visits into sales for our sellers; • our success in executing on our strategy and the impact of any changes in our strategy; • the timing and success of product launches, including new services and features we may introduce; • the amount and timing of expenses; and • changes in the geopolitical, legal and regulatory landscape, and our response to those developments. In view of the rapidly evolving nature of our business and the factors discussed above, period-to-period comparisons of our operating and financial results may not be meaningful, and you should not rely upon them as an indication of future performance. We face intense competition that may materially harm our business. The businesses and markets in which we operate are intensely competitive. We compete with a wide and growing variety of online and offline businesses that provide similar goods and services across numerous industries and geographies in which we operate, including traditional retail, e-commerce, live commerce, advertising, search engines, social media, and AI-powered tools (such as agents and chatbots). To succeed, we must compete effectively across the following factors: • ability to attract, retain and engage buyers and sellers from around the globe; 13 Table of Contents • brand recognition; • the price, breadth and relevance of our inventory; • the ease with which buyers can find the inventory they are seeking; • buyer and seller trust in transacting on our platforms; • the user experience using our products and services; • customer service; • community cohesion, interaction and size; • system reliability and security; • reliability of delivery and payment; • buyer preferences for delivery options and speed, shipping costs and returns; and • service fees, including from paid transactions, first-party advertising, and shipping. While we believe we compete effectively across these factors, our competitors, including any of the businesses, channels and buying and selling alternatives discussed below, may be more successful across these factors either globally or in important geographies, which would reduce the number of buyers and sellers on our Marketplace platforms and could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Significant competitive risks we face include: • The barriers to competition are low – Competitors can easily launch their own platforms at nominal cost by using commercially available software or partnering with successful ecommerce, search, advertising or social media companies. As we respond to changes in the competitive environment, we have made, and expect in the future to make pricing decisions that may negatively impact our revenue generation model. • We may not keep up with buyer expectations – Buyer expectations and preferences around user experience, including customer service, ease of buying, low (or no) cost shipping, delivery options (such as pick-up and drop-off), delivery speed, ease of returns and return policies, constantly evolve and it may be difficult for us to respond effectively. For example, it may be impractical or inefficient for our sellers to meet evolving delivery expectations, and we may lack the resources to match shipping subsidies from our competitors. • We may not be able to engage consumers as effectively as our large competitors with broad ecosystems – Some of our competitors, such as Alibaba, Alphabet (Google), Amazon, Apple and Meta (Facebook and Instagram), are larger than we are, have greater resources, have a dominant and secure position in other industries or certain significant markets, or offer other goods and services and product ecosystems to consumers and merchants that we do not offer, which can drive consumers to, and keep them locked-in to, their platforms instead of using ours. • We cannot match the resources of all of our competitors – Competitors with other revenue sources or greater resources can spend more on marketing and promotional campaigns and buyer acquisition, adopt more aggressive pricing policies and devote more resources to website, mobile platforms and applications and systems development than we can. • We may not be able to match the flexibility and expertise of all specialist competitors – Competitors that are narrowly focused on specific goods may be better than we are at creating buyer and seller communities and catering to the needs of those communities. Specialist competitors may have more resources to innovate quickly and efficiently within these communities without disruption to buyers and sellers outside of those communities. Additionally, our growth strategy has increasingly emphasized our Focus Categories, such as motor parts and accessories, collectibles, refurbished goods, and authenticated luxury items. Our Focus Category buyers and sellers often have unique product and service needs. The size and complexity of our platforms can make it difficult for us to address the unique needs of our Focus Category consumers as quickly and efficiently as our specialist competitors. • Consumers have a wide variety of alternatives that compete against us – Consumers have alternatives, such as traditional department, warehouse, boutique, discount and general merchandise stores (as well as the online and mobile operations of these traditional retailers), online retailers, direct-to-consumer offerings, online aggregation and classified services, social media platforms, new “live commerce” ventures and other shopping channels, such as offline and online home shopping networks. For example, consumers can buy and sell goods using social media, online aggregation and classifieds 14 Table of Contents platforms, such as Facebook Marketplace. These consumers can also turn to shopping-comparison sites, such as Google Shopping, and social networks that enable purchases, such as Instagram and TikTok. Some consumers, including those in younger demographics, may prefer some of these alternative shopping formats to our largely fixed-price listing and traditional auction-style listing formats. • Third-party search may direct consumers to our competitors – We use product search engines and paid search advertising to help users find our sites, and consumers increasingly use horizontal search engines, shopping comparison sites and newer technologies like AI chatbots to find products, but these services also have the potential to divert users to other online shopping destinations. • We may not keep up with seller expectations – Consumers and merchants that sell goods on our platforms also have many alternatives, including general ecommerce marketplaces, such as Amazon and Alibaba, and more specialized marketplaces that focus on discrete categories of products. Sellers may also choose to sell their goods through alternative channels, such as multi-channel services like Shopify or social media platforms. Consumers and sellers also can create and sell through their own sites and may choose to purchase online advertising instead of using our services or paying for our advertising products. • We may struggle to keep up with local platforms in some geographies - Local competitors may have a better understanding of local culture and commerce and be better positioned to quickly and effectively deliver the experiences that these local consumers want, which could drive down consumer traffic to our platforms. If our advertising products, including our Promoted Listings, are not competitive, we will lose advertising revenues and our business will be harmed. We generate a meaningful amount of our revenue from our Promoted Listings (a first-party advertising offering) and, to a lesser extent, third-party advertising. To sustain or increase our advertising revenue, we must continue to provide customers with compelling advertising products, particularly in light of the potential for AI technologies to change how consumers search for products (e.g., using AI agents and chatbots). If customers perceive that our advertising products are not effective and do not drive quick sales as effectively as off-platform alternatives, including AI technologies such as agents and chatbots, they may not pay for these services and they may be driven to try competing platforms and alternatives. If we are unable to compete effectively for advertising spend, our business and operating results could be harmed. Our business depends on consumer engagement and spending, which makes our results of operations particularly sensitive to shifts in, and events that impact, consumer confidence, platform engagement and buying trends. Our business model is dependent upon consumer engagement and spending, which is difficult to predict and which can vary materially due to many factors, including macroeconomic conditions (such as job losses, inflation, changes in tax liabilities, access to credit, changes in global trade and tariff policies, recessionary fears, general economic uncertainty, and changes in consumer confidence); geopolitical events and events that capture public attention (such as war, the threat of war, social or political unrest, or terrorist activity); natural and human caused disasters and the impact of climate change (such as earthquakes, hurricanes, droughts, flooding, wildfires, sea level rise, and increased energy and shipping costs); power shortages or outages; major public health issues and pandemics; seasonal and potentially non-durable buying and selling trends; general shifts in the cultural appetite for re-commerce; our promotional and marketing campaigns; and new technologies (such as live commerce and AI shopping agents). For example, we saw significant changes to consumer spending throughout 2025 as our users around the world adjusted to changing global trade policies and tariffs. In addition, over the years, we have experienced numerous non-durable spikes in demand as buyers chase the latest popular items. We rely on unique inventory from our sellers from around the globe to generate buyer interest in our platforms and any of the foregoing factors can also impact the amount of inventory sellers make available on our platforms, which can materially and negatively impact buyer spending. Changes in consumer spending and shifts in user engagement on our platforms can occur suddenly and are difficult to predict. We have experienced material changes in consumer spending and platform demand many times in the past, including as a result of the factors outlined above, and we will experience similar changes in the future. Any such change, regardless of the cause, could have material adverse effect on our business and on our operating and financial results. 15 Table of Contents We may not be able to keep pace with technological changes, including emerging AI technologies, and with changes in consumer demands and expectations. Our industry is subject to rapid technological change, and the demands and expectations of our consumers can change quickly. Predicting the changes that our consumers want, learning new technologies and developing new products and services can be complex, time-consuming and costly, and our investments in new innovations may not yield the expected business or financial benefits. If we fail to anticipate or identify technological trends or fail to devote appropriate resources to adapt to such trends, our business could be harmed. For example, we are seeing consumers increasingly search for products using chatbots, virtual assistants and other Gen AI technologies powered by large language models instead of using traditional search engines. If AI technologies do not send referrals to eBay at the rate of traditional search engines for any reason, consumer traffic on our platforms could decrease, which would negatively impact on our business and results of operations. If eBay fails to innovate in ways that encourage consumers to visit our platforms and ensure that our platforms are optimized for AI agents, we could face decreased traffic. We are devoting significant capital and management time and resources to using AI technologies to improve our products, services and controls, and to build and expand our capabilities. We may be slower and less efficient than certain of our competitors in developing our Gen AI capabilities and in optimizing and utilizing our datasets or other technology assets with AI technologies. We may also fail to identify the AI technologies that consumers want, fail to invest sufficiently in those AI technologies, or otherwise fail to incorporate those technologies into our products and services in a timely, effective and compliant manner. Any of these outcomes could place our business at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors, many of whom may not yet exist or be identified. If we fail for any reason to receive sufficient AI referrals to our platforms, or to build, license or acquire the AI technology capabilities that matter to our buyers and sellers, our buyers and sellers or both may choose alternatives to eBay, which could reduce our platform traffic and materially harm our business and results of operations. We expect that new services and technologies applicable to the industries in which we operate will continue to emerge. These new services and technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies we currently use in our products and services. Incorporating new technologies into our products and services may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time and ultimately may not be successful. For example, within certain product categories like fashion, we have experienced increased consumer demand for delivery options, such as pick-up and drop-off, and shipping options, such as low (or no) cost shipping, that we do not currently provide at scale across all geographies in which we operate. In addition, embracing new and untested technologies presents certain inherent risks. For example, as we pursue new AI technologies, there is a risk that AI enhanced products could produce inaccurate, misleading, biased or false outcomes (e.g., hallucinatory behavior currently seen with Gen AI models) or other unexpected results or behaviors that could harm our reputation, business, or buyers and sellers. In some cases, we use open-source or other third-party Gen AI software and datasets, which may lead to intellectual property disputes, including intellectual property ownership or copyright infringement disputes. Some of the AI and other technology systems and services on which we rely are provided and managed by third-party service providers. To the extent that such other third-party systems or services fluctuate in cost or do not perform or function as anticipated, whether because of an inherent flaw in the technology, faulty implementation or a cybersecurity incident, such events can significantly interfere with our ability to meet our customers’ changing expectations and have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. As new technologies emerge and are adopted within our industry, we also face the risk that laws and regulations will impact our ability to develop and implement technologies in a timely, effective and compliant manner. Certain jurisdictions have enacted, or are considering the enactment of, comprehensive or targeted legal frameworks specifically related to or implicating AI technologies, often in a disparate or conflicting manner. Any failure or perceived failure by us or our service providers to comply with such requirements, if applicable, could lead to legal liability, litigation, regulatory investigations, compliance issues, or reputational or other harm, all of which could negatively affect our financial performance and business reputation. For example, the European Union’s comprehensive Artificial Intelligence Act (“EU AI Act”), which lays out the parameters for AI systems where non-compliance can result in fines up to 35 million euros or 7% of global turnover, came into force in August 2024. AI regulation is also expanding in the United States, with AI-focused laws expected to take effect in 2026 in states such as California and Colorado. AI regulations in certain of our most important markets, including the United States and 16 Table of Contents the European Union (the “EU”) may ultimately be more restrictive than in other markets, which could place us at a disadvantage compared to companies operating in less restrictive markets. We have devoted and plan to continue devoting substantial time, money and management resources to developing new technologies, products and services, including those described above. We cannot guarantee that our efforts will help us achieve our goals in a timely or cost-effective manner or at all, and we cannot guarantee that we can carry out these projects without a negative impact on our day-to-day operations and consumer satisfaction, and any such failure or negative impact could materially harm our business. Our international operations subject us to various uncertainties, costs and risks, which could harm our business. Our international businesses, especially in the United Kingdom and Germany, and in cross-border sales from Greater China, have generated nearly half of our net revenues in recent years. Our international operations are subject to various uncertainties, costs, and risks, including: • global or regional economic and market conditions; • local variations in consumer confidence and demand for discretionary goods; • costs associated with localizing products, services and customer data, including the ability to transact in local currencies; • adapting our products and services to local preferences (e.g., payment methods); • import and export regulations and the impact of global trade policies, restrictions, sanctions and countersanctions (or the threat thereof), such as new or changed tariffs (or the threat thereof), trade regulations and agreements, and the elimination of the $800 de minimis exemption on imports into the United States and similar de minimis exemptions in other countries; • distance, language, and cultural differences that make central management challenging; • stringent local labor laws and regulations; • credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud in some geographies; • profit repatriation restrictions, foreign currency exchange restrictions or extreme fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates for a particular currency; • global or regional geopolitical events, including political or social unrest, economic instability, repression, human rights, armed conflicts, acts of war (or the threat thereof), and terrorism; • local human and natural disasters, climate change impacts, and public health issues and pandemics; • global or regional supply chain challenges, including fluctuations in shipping costs, limitations on shipping and receiving capacity, complexity around payment of duties, and other supply chain disruptions; • compliance with laws designed to combat bribery, money laundering and the financing of terrorist activities, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act, and EU Anti-Money Laundering Directives; • antitrust and competition regulations; • tax laws and regulations; • economic uncertainties relating to sovereign and other debt; • different, uncertain, or more stringent user protection, data protection, data localization, privacy, AI and other data and consumer protection and environmental laws; • different, uncertain, or more stringent local laws, licensing requirements and reporting obligations that impact our business operations; • payment intermediation regulations; and • increased difficulties in collecting accounts receivable. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could materially harm our business. In addition, if we violate any of the complex laws and regulations that apply to our international operations, we will be subject to significant fines, penalties and sanctions, including the divestitures and prohibitions or restrictions on business operations. Regulators may also evaluate our historical compliance judgments, monitoring thresholds, escalation decisions or reporting determinations with the benefit of hindsight, and may reach conclusions that differ from those made at the time based on the information then available. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, and operational results. Governments in various countries have imposed sanctions and export controls that prohibit us and our customers from engaging in or facilitating trade or financial transactions with various countries, businesses, organizations and individuals. Expanding our operations internationally increases the export controls and economic 17 Table of Contents sanctions laws and regulations that apply to us, as well as the risk of a violation. These laws and regulations, and their interpretation and enforcement, change frequently, involve substantial uncertainty and may be driven by political and other factors that are out of our control. In addition, we can be held liable for the actions of our employees, contractors, agents, and customers regardless of the policies and procedures we put in place to comply with these laws and regulations. We have limited control over our customers’ conduct, and some may attempt to circumvent sanctions or export controls through misrepresentation, transshipment, use of intermediaries, or false product descriptions, increasing compliance and enforcement risk. We rely on automated and manual compliance controls to identify and prevent prohibited transactions, but these controls may not be fully effective, particularly where information is incomplete, inaccurate, or intentionally misrepresented by third parties. Cross-border trade is an important source of revenue and profit for us, and changes to global trade policies can significantly impact our customers and materially harm our business. Cross-border trade is an important source of both revenue and profits for us. Cross-border trade also represents our primary (or in some cases, only) presence in certain important markets, such as Greater China, and various other countries. Therefore, changes in global trade policies can have a significant impact on buyers and sellers, which can materially harm our business. For example, trade policies that increase tariffs, shipping fees, delivery times or that otherwise restrict or make cross-border trade more difficult or impractical can reduce buying and selling activity on our platforms, which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Global trade policies underwent significant changes throughout 2025. For example, the United States implemented tariffs and other trade restrictions on several countries, many of which responded by implementing their own tariffs and trade restrictions. In some cases, the amount of tariffs and restrictions changed throughout 2025, adding complexity. In addition, the United States eliminated the $800 “de minimis” exemption from customs duties on imported goods, which has impacted certain eBay transactions that were previously able to use this exemption. Such changes have and may continue to lead to escalations of trade measures. For example some countries have announced retaliatory tariffs, the E.U. has announced it will remove its €150 “de minimis” exemption in July 2026 and require a €3 fee per parcel, and the U.K. is expected to follow with eliminating its £135 “de minimis threshold” for low-value imports. These developments fundamentally change how cross-border transactions are handled, especially when sellers ship directly to the U.S., E.U., and potentially U.K., and they increase cost, complexity and compliance burden for many cros

=== EBAY_2026-04-29.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A: Risk Factors” in our 2025 Form 10-K. Current global economic and geopolitical events and conditions may amplify many of these risks. These risks are not the only risks that may affect us. Additional risks that we are not aware of or do not believe are material at the time of this filing may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. There have been no material changes to the Company’s risk factors from those disclosed in our 2025 Form 10-K. Item 2: Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table presents stock repurchase activity for the three months ended March 31, 2026: Period Ended Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (2) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Programs (1) January 31, 2026 1,012,486 $ 92.69 1,012,486 $ 2,704,628,620 February 28, 2026 1,040,321 $ 85.70 1,040,321 $ 2,615,474,379 March 31, 2026 3,497,107 $ 90.65 3,497,107 $ 2,298,474,461 5,549,914 5,549,914 (1) Our stock repurchase program is intended to programmatically offset the impact of dilution from our equity compensation programs and, subject to market conditions and other factors, to make opportunistic and programmatic repurchases of our common stock to reduce our outstanding share count and return value to stockholders. Any share repurchases under our stock repurchase program may be made through open market transactions, block trades, privately negotiated transactions (including accelerated share repurchase transactions) or other means at times and in such amounts as management deems appropriate and will be funded from our working capital or other financing alternatives. In February 2026, our Audit Committee authorized an incremental $2.0 billion under our stock repurchase program in addition to the $5.0 billion previously authorized in 2024. Our stock repurchase program has no expiration from the date of authorization. For the three months ended March 31, 2026, we repurchased $500 million of our common stock under our stock repurchase program. As of March 31, 2026, a total of $2.3 billion remained available for future repurchases of our common stock. We expect, subject to market conditions and other uncertainties, to continue making opportunistic and programmatic repurchases of our common stock. However, our stock repurchase program may be limited or terminated at any time without prior notice. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including corporate and regulatory requirements, price and other market conditions and management’s determination as to the appropriate use of our cash. (2) Excludes immaterial broker commissions and excise tax accruals. Item 3: Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not applicable. Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 56 Table of Contents Item 5: Other Information On February 20, 2026 , Mazen Rawashdeh , our Senior Vice President, Chief Technology Officer , adopted a written trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act (a “10b5-1 Plan”), which is designed to be in effect until March 31, 2027 , subject to customary exceptions. His 10b5-1 Plan provides for exercise of options (if applicable) and sales from time to time of a portion of (i) the shares of eBay common stock underlying his options and (ii) his shares of eBay common stock that he could receive upon the future vesting of certain outstanding equity awards net of any shares withheld by us to satisfy applicable taxes. The number of shares to be withheld, and the number of shares available to be sold pursuant to Mr. Rawashdeh’s 10b5-1 Plan, can only be determined upon the occurrence of future equity award vesting events. For purposes of this disclosure, without subtracting any shares to be withheld upon future equity award vesting events, the maximum aggregate number of shares to be sold pursuant to Mr. Rawashdeh’s 10b5-1 Plan is 96,219 . This amount includes target amounts of shares that may be earned pursuant to outstanding performance-based equity awards. The actual number of such shares earned, if any, could be higher or lower depending on attainment of performance goals during the applicable performance period. On March 6, 2026 , Cornelius Boone , our Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer , adopted a 10b5-1 Plan, which is designed to be in effect until March 31, 2027 , subject to customary exceptions. His 10b5-1 Plan provides for sales from time to time of a portion of his shares of eBay common stock, up to a maximum of 88,600 shares in the aggregate. 57 Table of Contents Item 6: Exhibits The information required by this Item is set forth in the Index to Exhibits of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. INDEX TO EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Filed or furnished with this 10-Q Description 3.01 Registrant’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 23, 2023 (File No. 001-37713) and incorporated herein by reference). 3.02 Registrant’s Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 19, 2024 (File No. 001-37713) and incorporated herein by reference). 31.01 X Certification of Registrant’s Chief Executive Officer, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.02 X Certification of Registrant’s Chief Financial Officer, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.01 X Certification of Registrant’s Chief Executive Officer, as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.02 X Certification of Registrant’s Chief Financial Officer, as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 X The following materials from the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2026 were formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders’ Equity and (v) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 104 X Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101. 58 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. eBay Inc. Principal Executive Officer: By: /s/ Jamie Iannone Jamie Iannone Chief Executive Officer and Director Date: April 29, 2026 Principal Financial Officer: By: /s/ Peggy Alford Peggy Alford Chief Financial Officer Date: April 29, 2026 Principal Accounting Officer: By: /s/ Rebecca Spencer Rebecca Spencer Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer Date: April 29, 2026 59 