=== EBAY_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A: Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as in our consolidated financial statements, related notes, and the other information appearing elsewhere in this report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission 4 Table of Contents ( SEC ). The information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is based upon the events and circumstances known as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and any forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update any of our forward-looking statements after the date of this report to reflect actual results or future events or circumstances. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. WEBSITE DISCLOSURES We use our website (www.ebayinc.com) to announce material non-public information to the public and to comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure ( Reg FD ). We also use our website to communicate with the public about our Company, our services and other matters. Our SEC filings, press releases and recent public conference calls and webcasts can also be found on our website. The information we post on our website could be deemed to be material information under Reg FD. We encourage investors and others interested in our Company to review the information we post on our website. Information contained in or accessible through our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 1: BUSINESS Unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, when we refer to we, our, us, eBay or the Company in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we mean eBay Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Overview Founded in 1995 in San Jose, California, eBay Inc. is a global commerce leader that connects people and builds communities to create economic opportunity for all. Our technology empowers millions of buyers and sellers in more than 190 markets around the world, providing everyone the opportunity to grow and thrive. Our Marketplace platforms, including our online marketplace located at www.ebay.com and its localized counterparts, our off-platform marketplaces and our suite of mobile apps, together, create one of the world's largest and most vibrant marketplaces for discovering great value and a unique selection. In 2025, eBay enabled nearly $80 billion of Gross Merchandise Volume ( GMV ). Our Strategy As a global commerce leader and third-party marketplace, our technologies and services are designed to provide buyers choice and a breadth of relevant inventory from around the globe and to enable sellers access to eBay s 135 million buyers worldwide. Our business model is designed such that we are successful when our sellers are successful. We earn revenue primarily through fees collected on paid transactions, first-party advertising and shipping. eBay s strategy is centered on reinventing the future of ecommerce for enthusiasts by delivering trusted, engaging shopping experiences for our customers. Our approach leverages our 30+ years of global commerce expertise and data with advanced technology, including the use of artificial intelligence ( AI ), to enhance the marketplace experience, reduce transactional friction and drive operational efficiency. In recent years, we have evolved our strategic focus around three foundational pillars Relevant Experiences, Scalable Solutions and Magical Innovations each designed to advance our mission of empowering enthusiasts and strengthening the eBay marketplace ecosystem. Relevant Experiences focus on delivering personalized, intuitive and trusted shopping journeys that inspire discovery and foster loyalty, particularly within our Focus Categories, such as motor vehicles parts and accessories, collectibles, refurbished items, apparel, luxury goods and sneakers. Through enhanced search, AI-powered discovery tools and curated experiences, we aim to make it easier for enthusiasts to find and buy what they love. Scalable Solutions empower sellers of all sizes, from individual entrepreneurs to global businesses, with tools and infrastructure to grow efficiently on eBay s platform. We continue to invest in AI-enhanced listing capabilities, advanced advertising solutions, global shipping improvements and flexible payment options that simplify the user experience, expand reach and reduce transactional friction on eBay. 5 Table of Contents Magical Innovations accelerate the pace of technological advancement to redefine how people buy and sell on eBay. Initiatives such as AI-enhanced listings, live commerce experiences and next-generation personalization exemplify how we are enhancing the marketplace to be more dynamic, efficient and engaging for our community. Together, these foundational pillars underpin our ongoing commitments to trust and safety, community building and seller empowerment. By fostering a trusted and inclusive marketplace and equipping sellers with the tools to succeed, we aim to strengthen the resilience and vibrancy of the eBay ecosystem. Over the years, we have acquired and disposed of businesses, technologies, services and products and we maintain strategic investments in certain businesses. We manage our investments to ensure they support eBay s strategic direction and complement our disciplined approach to value creation, profitability and capital allocation. We expect to continue to evaluate and consider potential strategic transactions as part of our strategy, including acquisitions of businesses, technologies, services, products and other assets, as well as strategic investments and joint ventures. Our Customer Offerings Our Marketplace platforms enable buyers and sellers to benefit from our global scale and continued investments in technology, marketing and customer service. We provide a comprehensive suite of features and services designed to enhance the overall customer experience, leveraging innovation and trust-based programs to simplify commerce, improve efficiency and strengthen engagement and consumer confidence across our global marketplaces. For sellers, we continue to expand AI across the listing workflow, using Generative AI ( Gen AI ) to prefill item details, generate optimized titles and descriptions and in some cases recognize product images enabling faster, more complete listings. We also continue to expand our financial services offerings, including Seller Capital, which has helped our partners provide more than $1 billion in cumulative funding since inception to small businesses, along with new payment partnerships that enhance flexibility and reliability across key markets. We continue to enhance our first-party advertising solutions by introducing new dashboards and data-driven tools that help sellers increase visibility and optimize performance more efficiently. In addition, we continue to broaden our shipping programs in conjunction with our partners to provide integrated shipping solutions that lower costs, improve delivery transparency and address cross-border shipping challenges. For buyers, we continue to invest in technologies that enhance discovery, trust and convenience across our Marketplace platforms. Our AI-enhanced features and services power dynamic product recommendation feeds within our enhanced discovery platform, as well as our AI shopping agent pilot that delivers personalized search results tailored to individual preferences. These innovations make it easier for buyers to discover relevant inventory and connect with products that reflect their interests and style. We continue to expand our Focus Categories with enhancements designed for enthusiast buyers, including one-click card grading and resale for trading cards through our partnership with PSA, AI-enhanced discovery tools and interactive live shopping experiences through eBay Live. We also launched Secure Purchase which enables end-to-end digital vehicle transactions covering financing, insurance and title transfer creating a seamless experience for collectible and high-value automotive purchases. We continue to focus on strengthening buyer confidence and trust across our Marketplace platforms through programs that promote safety, reliability and transparency. The eBay Money Back Guarantee program allows buyers to obtain a refund if an item does not arrive, is damaged or faulty, or differs materially from its description, and applies to most purchases completed through qualifying payment methods. In our Motors Parts Accessories category, we provide tools that enable trusted and convenient transactions, including automated fitment data to help buyers identify the correct parts for their vehicles and provide the option to select professional installation services where available, while also offering free returns on qualifying purchases. We have also expanded our eBay Refurbished destination program, offering inventory from verified brands and top-rated sellers with standardized condition grading and warranty coverage, to provide buyers with confidence in product quality and value. In addition, our Authenticity Guarantee program continues to enhance trust and transparency by authenticating eligible luxury, collectible and high-value items across major geographical markets. Collectively, these programs demonstrate our ongoing commitment to maintaining a secure, reliable and transparent marketplace experience for buyers worldwide. 6 Table of Contents Our Impact and Responsibility With a low cost of entry for sellers, we offer a highly accessible way for all types of customers to interact in a global marketplace that s inclusive and connects people of all backgrounds. Accordingly, we prioritize our impact programs to drive forward areas of economic empowerment and sustainable commerce. Key economic programs include eBay for Charity, eBay Foundation and our small business enablement efforts, such as our Up Running Grants program. eBay for Charity empowers buyers and sellers to support charities around the world. In 2025, eBay for Charity partnered with the GLIDE Foundation, Make-A-Wish, The V Foundation for Cancer Research, GLAAD and Homes for Our Troops, among others. In 2025, nearly $198 million was raised by buyers and sellers to support charities via eBay for Charity. eBay Foundation helps to build economically vibrant and thriving communities. During 2025, eBay Foundation granted over $17 million through strategic grantmaking and our employee gift-matching program, primarily to nonprofit organizations advancing inclusive entrepreneurship in our communities around the world. To date, eBay Foundation has awarded over $150 million to more than 1,800 nonprofits worldwide. Recommerce has been an integral part of eBay s purpose since the Company was founded in 1995. As a pioneer of the circular economy, eBay has created an online marketplace where people can buy and sell pre-owned goods. This helps preserve the world s natural resources by avoiding a portion of the carbon emissions, water, energy and waste typically used in producing new goods. In 2025, eBay sourced 100% of its electricity consumption for eBay-controlled offices and data centers from renewable sources for the second straight year. eBay is committed to continuing this trend by assessing our future energy demand and sourcing renewables to meet any planned growth. eBay has also set emissions reduction targets, including near- and long-term science-based targets, and a 2045 net-zero target that have been validated by the Science Based Targets initiative. Aligned with these climate targets, eBay conducted a comprehensive climate scenario analysis in 2025 to better understand climate-related risks and opportunities associated with leading climate models. This exercise identified several areas of risk and opportunity that can be managed to enhance eBay s long-term sustainability and highlighted eBay s unique position to grow with rising consumer demand for resale and sustainable shopping. In 2025, eBay received multiple industry awards, including America s Greenest Companies by Newsweek, World s Most Sustainable Companies by TIME, Fortune s Most Innovative Companies and Forbes Greatest Companies for Women. Financial Information We measure our footprint in our addressable market according to GMV. GMV consists of the total value of all paid transactions between users on our Marketplace platforms during the applicable period inclusive of shipping fees and taxes, without adjustment for returns or cancellations. In 2025, we generated nearly $80 billion in GMV, of which 51 percent was generated outside the United States. We believe that GMV provides a useful measure of the overall volume of paid transactions that flow through our Marketplace platforms in a given period. We generate net revenues through two activities, Marketplace activities which primarily consist of commissions from the service of connecting buyers and sellers on our secure and trusted Marketplace platforms and Advertising activities, which primarily consist of fees charged to sellers to promote their listings. Our revenue is primarily derived from a take rate on the GMV of transactions paid on our Marketplace platforms. We define take rate as net revenues divided by GMV. At the end of 2025, eBay had 135 million active buyers and 2.5 billion live listings globally. The term active buyer means, as of any date, all buyer accounts that paid for a transaction on our Marketplace platforms within the previous 12-month period. Buyers may register more than once and, as a result, may have more than one account. 7 Table of Contents Competition We encounter vigorous competition in our business from numerous sources. Our users can list, sell, buy and pay for similar items through a variety of competing online, mobile and offline channels. These include, but are not limited to, retailers, distributors, liquidators, import and export companies, auctioneers, catalog and mail-order companies, directories, search engines, commerce participants (consumer-to-consumer, business-to-consumer and business-to-business), shopping channels and networks. As our product offerings continue to broaden into new categories of items and new commerce formats, we expect to face increased competition from other online, mobile and offline channels for those new offerings. We compete on the basis of numerous factors, including price, product selection, services, technology and geographical reach. The expectations of our consumers and the type of competition we face around these factors is intense and can evolve quickly. For more information regarding competitive factors impacting our business, see the information in Item 1A: Risk Factors under the captions Substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in ecommerce and live commerce may impact our business and We face intense competition that may materially harm our business. Government Regulation Government regulation impacts key aspects of our business. In particular, we are subject to laws and regulations that affect the ecommerce industry in many countries where we operate. In 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act set forth new and amended withholding and reporting requirements. For example, all businesses that process payments are required to issue a Form 1099-K for all sellers who receive more than $20,000 and have over 200 transactions; however, circumstances exist in which businesses are required to withhold and issue a Form 1099-K to sellers for their first transaction. In 2025, the United States government eliminated the long-standing de minimis exemption (under Section 321 of the Tariff Act of 1930), which previously allowed low-value parcels (valued at USD $800 or less) to enter the United States without duties or formal customs clearance. The exemption was first eliminated for shipments originating in China and Hong Kong on May 2, 2025, and then for all parcels effective August 29, 2025. As a result, all imports, regardless of value, are now subject to applicable duties, taxes, fees and standard customs compliance procedures. Importers, such as eBay buyers and sellers, must supply additional data for entry (e.g., 10-digit Harmonized Tariff Schedule codes, Country of Origin, etc.) and all shipments are now subject to applicable tariffs. These developments fundamentally change how cross-border transactions are handled, especially when sellers ship directly to U.S. buyers, and they increase cost, complexity and compliance burden for many cross-border sellers, which could lead to reduced cross-border volume or reconfiguration of supply-chain and fulfillment strategies. The European Union has announced it will also eliminate its de minimis exemption, which is currently set at EUR 150, in July 2026. For all packages containing goods valued under EUR 150, a simplified tax duty of EUR 3 per item will be introduced. In addition, a so-called handling fee per package is expected to be introduced in 2026 for all packages entering the European Union from outside the European Union. The United Kingdom is also expected to follow suit by eliminating its de minimis exemption, although the timing remains uncertain. We are subject to reporting requirements in various jurisdictions, including in the United States, European Union, the United Kingdom and China, and more jurisdictions continue to enact similar requirements. Tax collection and/or reporting responsibilities and the additional costs associated with compliance with complex sales and use tax collection, remittance and audit requirements, could create additional burdens for buyers and sellers on our Marketplace platforms. The E.U. Digital Services Act (the DSA ) took effect for all online platforms in February 2024. The DSA imposes legal obligations on online marketplaces operating in Europe, requiring them to verify and ensure the accuracy and disclosure of required information, as well as the safety and authenticity of products posted by third-party merchants. The DSA also enforces new content moderation obligations, notice obligations, advertising restrictions and other requirements on digital platforms that created additional operational burdens and compliance costs for us. Additionally, in late 2023, the United Kingdom s Online Safety Act (the OSA ) became law and in 2024, the United Kingdom s Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Act (the DMCCA ) became law. The OSA created requirements around monitoring and handling harmful content and required us to expend resources to comply with the new regulations. The DMCCA expands the investigative and enforcement powers of the 8 Table of Contents Competition and Markets Authority, modifies the United Kingdom merger control rules and creates a new consumer protection regime. For more information regarding the regulations that impact our business and our legal and regulatory risks, see the information in Item 1A: Risk Factors under the category Regulatory and Legal Risks. Seasonality We expect volume on our Marketplace platforms to trend with general consumer buying patterns. Seasonal trends have been, and we expect in the future will be, influenced by macroeconomic conditions, including tariffs and global trade policies, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, as well as new and updated products and initiatives by us and our competitors. Please see the additional information in Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the caption Seasonality. Technology The eBay Marketplace platforms use a combination of proprietary technologies and services as well as technologies and services provided by others. We have developed intuitive user interfaces; buyer, seller and developer tools; and transaction processing, database and network applications that help enable our users to reliably and securely complete transactions on our Marketplace platforms. Our technology infrastructure simplifies the storage and processing of large amounts of data, eases the deployment and operation of large-scale global products and services and automates much of the administration of large-scale clusters of computers. Our infrastructure has been designed around industry-standard architectures to reduce downtime in the event of outages or catastrophic occurrences. Our scale enables us to make targeted investments that enhance our ability to serve customers globally. For example, we have developed proprietary computing infrastructure, entered into strategic partnerships with leading technology providers and established a private cloud environment. These investments are critical to supporting scalable, reliable operations and delivering high-quality customer experiences. We continue to balance the ongoing maintenance of a robust platform relied upon by our millions of users with investments designed to support the long-term evolution of the eBay marketplace over the coming decades. In support of our commitment to innovation and a better customer experience, we have been on a multi-year evolution to modernize our Marketplace platforms. We have used advanced technology, such as AI and Gen AI, to better anticipate the needs of buyers, sellers and developers to empower entrepreneurs and small businesses looking to grow their business and to make the Marketplace platforms more accessible to everyone. We aim to create highly personalized and inspiring shopping experiences powered by advanced technologies. For information regarding technology-related risks, see the information in Item 1A: Risk Factors under the captions We face significant risk from cyberattacks and data security breaches, Systems failures and business interruptions could harm our business and Increasing levels of regulation in the areas of privacy, protection of user data and cybersecurity could harm our business. Intellectual Property We regard the protection of our intellectual property, including our trademarks (particularly those covering the eBay name), patents, copyrights, domain names, trade dress and trade secrets as critical to our success. We protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights in the United States and internationally, as well as a variety of administrative procedures. We also rely on contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary rights in products and services. We routinely enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors and nondisclosure agreements with parties with whom we conduct business to limit access to and disclosure of our proprietary information. We routinely pursue registration of our domain names, trademarks and patents in the United States and internationally. Additionally, we have filed patent applications in the United States and internationally covering certain aspects of our proprietary technology. Effective trademark, copyright, patent, domain name, trade dress and trade secret protection is typically expensive to maintain and may require litigation. We must protect our intellectual property rights and other proprietary rights in a number of jurisdictions, a process that is expensive and time consuming and may not be successful. 9 Table of Contents We have registered our core brands as trademarks and domain names in the United States and internationally and have in place an active program to continue to secure trademarks and domain names that correspond to our brands in markets of interest. If we are unable to register or protect our trademarks or domain names, we could be adversely affected in any jurisdiction in which our trademarks or domain names are not registered or protected. We have licensed in the past, and expect to license in the future, certain of our proprietary rights, such as trademarks, to others. From time to time, third parties have claimed, and others will likely claim in the future, that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. We are typically involved in a number of such legal proceedings at any time. Please see the information in Item 1A: Risk Factors under the captions We face significant risk of liability for the actions of our customers, including products sold by sellers on our platforms and We face risk from third parties that allege that we infringe, or are responsible when our customers infringe, on their intellectual property rights. Human Capital Management As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 12,300 people globally, of which, approximately 7,200 were located in the United States. eBay has robust people-focused programs to attract, support and retain our employees globally. Our recruitment, development, compensation and benefits, wellness and our eBay DNA are designed to reflect our values, ensure eBay s competitiveness in the global talent market and ensure we support our employees well-being. eBay s management is focused on delivering programs that develop and support our people and connect them with our customers, our community and each other. We believe that our employees are important to our overall success. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee of our Board of Directors (our Board ) oversees our human capital management strategy and practices, including our talent recruitment, development and retention, employee engagement, succession planning and company culture. Culture and the eBay DNA We bring our purpose of connecting people and building communities to life through five beliefs that make up the eBay DNA: Empower our Community, Innovate Boldly, Deliver with Impact, Be for Everyone and Act with Integrity. Our DNA shapes how we innovate, support employees and serve millions of buyers and sellers. As a global marketplace, we thrive when diverse voices influence how we design, decide and deliver. Inclusion helps us anticipate needs, reduce friction, unlock unique inventory and build trust across communities. For employees, we invest in their well-being, capability building and belonging recognizing that supporting people in life s key moments drives retention, innovation and business continuity. Belonging fuels creativity, engagement and long-term performance making it good for people and business. For customers, we design experiences that aim to reflect global diversity, improve discoverability, support sellers of all sizes, ensure safety and accessibility and promote the responsible use of AI. By embedding inclusion into how we lead and operate, we foster innovation, strengthen the marketplace and create lasting value for employees, customers and shareholders. We engage with our people on an ongoing basis to support their physical, financial and mental well-being for them and their families through expanded wellness resources. As part of these efforts, we have continued our focus on ensuring our employees and their families have access to high quality care. We also seek to make that care affordable. Throughout the year, we emphasize the importance of our employees well-being and continue to provide mental health training for managers and peers. We believe our commitment to well-being support programs strengthens our ability to attract and retain the top talent we need to achieve our business goals and drive shareholder value by supporting eBay employees and their families in moments that matter. We are committed to ethics and acting with integrity. We regularly communicate about the importance of being open, honest, ethical and authentic with ongoing trainings and tone from the top topics that encourage conversations between leaders and our employees. We also host an annual Ethics and Compliance Week focused on celebrating ethical decision making and conduct and educating employees about our programs and the resources available to them to support them in acting with integrity. By fostering an ethical culture where speaking up is encouraged, we believe that we reduce company risk, protect our business and ultimately serve our shareholders best interests. In addition to multiple channels for sharing feedback, we regularly survey our employees through our eBay Listens program. We ask about trust and engagement, their experience with diversity, inclusion and belonging, 10 Table of Contents ethics and integrity, and we also ask for upward feedback about managers. We believe our employees welcome sharing their points of view with us and are encouraged by how their input molds several strategic programs and our values, including our commitments in critical areas such as Impact and Responsibility. We believe these programs increase employee engagement and cohesion and allow for creativity and innovation in achieving our business goals and driving shareholder value. Available Information Our Internet address is www.ebay.com. Our investor relations website is located at investors.ebayinc.com. We make available free of charge on our investor relations website under the heading Financial Information - SEC Filings our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with (or furnished to) the SEC at www.sec.gov. We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations website. Additionally, we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases and blogs on our investor relations website, as well as our company website and social media channels including LinkedIn and X. Company sustainability information for investors is available on our investor relations website under the heading ESG Investors. Corporate governance information, including our governance guidelines for our Board, Board committee charters and code of conduct, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading Corporate Governance. The contents of our websites and webcasts and information that can be accessed through our websites, webcasts and social media channels are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with (or furnish to) the SEC, and any references to our websites and webcasts are intended to be inactive textual references only. 11 Table of Contents Item 1A: RISK FACTORS Risk Factors Summary The summary of risks below provides an overview of the principal risks we are exposed to in the normal course of our business activities: Business, Economic and Operating Risks We experience significant variation in our operating and financial results, including GMV and net revenues. We face intense competition that may materially harm our business. If our advertising products, including our Promoted Listings, are not competitive, we will lose advertising revenues and our business will be harmed. Our business depends on consumer engagement and spending, which makes our results of operations particularly sensitive to shifts in, and events that impact, consumer confidence, platform engagement and buying trends. We may not be able to keep pace with technological changes, including emerging AI technologies, and with changes in consumer demands and expectations. Our international operations subject us to various uncertainties, costs and risks, which could harm our business. Cross-border trade is an important source of revenue and profit for us, and changes to global trade policies can significantly impact our customers and materially harm our business. Our buyer and seller trust and protection programs increase our costs and loss rate, and failure to manage such programs effectively can damage customers trust in transacting on our platforms, which could harm our business. Systems failures and business interruptions could harm our business. Our payments and financial services offerings require ongoing investment and subject us to substantial legal, operational and third-party risks. We are subject to significant fraud risk on our platforms. We face significant risk from cyberattacks and data security breaches. Our success largely depends on attracting, retaining, and developing our senior managers and other key employees. We and our customers depend in part on third parties for products and services, some of which are controlled by our competitors, and changes to these products and services could harm our business. Our acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures, strategic partnerships and strategic investments create potential material risks to our business. Regulatory and Legal Risks We are subject to extensive and increasing regulation and oversight, which could adversely impact our business. We face significant risk of liability for the actions of our customers, including products sold by sellers on our platforms. Increasing levels of regulation in the areas of privacy, protection of user data and cybersecurity could harm our business. We face risk from third parties that allege that we infringe, or are responsible when our customers infringe, on their intellectual property rights. We are subject to laws and regulations that are not primarily intended for online commerce, and governments and regulators regularly subject us to litigation, inquiries and investigations, as they seek to extend new and existing laws to reach our business model. Our business and our sellers and buyers may be subject to evolving sales and other tax regimes in various jurisdictions, which may harm our business. We may be unable to adequately protect or enforce our own intellectual property rights. Our disclosures and stakeholder expectations related to environmental, social and governance matters may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. We may be exposed to claims and liabilities as a result of the Distribution of PayPal. 12 Table of Contents Financial Risks We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities. Fluctuations in interest rates, and changes in regulatory guidance related to such interest rates, could adversely impact our financial results. We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which could negatively impact our financial results. We have substantial indebtedness and we cannot guarantee that we will always generate sufficient cash flow to service our existing and future indebtedness. Failure to comply with the terms of our indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow and liquidity. Our stock repurchases are discretionary and, even if effected, they may not achieve the desired objectives. Risk Factors You should carefully review the following discussion of the risks that may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and the other information appearing in this report, for important information regarding risks that affect us. Current global economic and geopolitical events and conditions as well as evolving regulatory scrutiny may amplify many of these risks. These risks are not the only risks that may affect us. Additional risks that we are not aware of or do not believe are material at the time of this filing may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. Business, Economic and Operating Risks We experience significant variation in our operating and financial results, including GMV and net revenues. All of our GMV, and substantially all of our net revenues each quarter come from transactions involving sales during that quarter. As a result, it is inherently difficult to accurately forecast our GMV, the amount and sources of our net revenues, earnings (loss) per share, operating income (loss), and our other key operating and financial performance metrics. Our operating and financial results have significantly varied on a quarterly basis throughout our operating history, and we expect our results to continue to fluctuate significantly for a variety of reasons, including all of the risks described in Risk Factors, including the following: our success in attracting and retaining sellers and buyers; changes in consumer confidence and discretionary spending trends, including shifts in interests away from any of our major focus categories; the success of our marketing efforts; the impact of competition on our business and industry; our ability to convert visits into sales for our sellers; our success in executing on our strategy and the impact of any changes in our strategy; the timing and success of product launches, including new services and features we may introduce; the amount and timing of expenses; and changes in the geopolitical, legal and regulatory landscape, and our response to those developments. In view of the rapidly evolving nature of our business and the factors discussed above, period-to-period comparisons of our operating and financial results may not be meaningful, and you should not rely upon them as an indication of future performance. We face intense competition that may materially harm our business. The businesses and markets in which we operate are intensely competitive. We compete with a wide and growing variety of online and offline businesses that provide similar goods and services across numerous industries and geographies in which we operate, including traditional retail, e-commerce, live commerce, advertising, search engines, social media, and AI-powered tools (such as agents and chatbots). To succeed, we must compete effectively across the following factors: ability to attract, retain and engage buyers and sellers from around the globe; 13 Table of Contents brand recognition; the price, breadth and relevance of our inventory; the ease with which buyers can find the inventory they are seeking; buyer and seller trust in transacting on our platforms; the user experience using our products and services; customer service; community cohesion, interaction and size; system reliability and security; reliability of delivery and payment; buyer preferences for delivery options and speed, shipping costs and returns; and service fees, including from paid transactions, first-party advertising, and shipping. While we believe we compete effectively across these factors, our competitors, including any of the businesses, channels and buying and selling alternatives discussed below, may be more successful across these factors either globally or in important geographies, which would reduce the number of buyers and sellers on our Marketplace platforms and could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Significant competitive risks we face include: The barriers to competition are low Competitors can easily launch their own platforms at nominal cost by using commercially available software or partnering with successful ecommerce, search, advertising or social media companies. As we respond to changes in the competitive environment, we have made, and expect in the future to make pricing decisions that may negatively impact our revenue generation model. We may not keep up with buyer expectations Buyer expectations and preferences around user experience, including customer service, ease of buying, low (or no) cost shipping, delivery options (such as pick-up and drop-off), delivery speed, ease of returns and return policies, constantly evolve and it may be difficult for us to respond effectively. For example, it may be impractical or inefficient for our sellers to meet evolving delivery expectations, and we may lack the resources to match shipping subsidies from our competitors. We may not be able to engage consumers as effectively as our large competitors with broad ecosystems Some of our competitors, such as Alibaba, Alphabet (Google), Amazon, Apple and Meta (Facebook and Instagram), are larger than we are, have greater resources, have a dominant and secure position in other industries or certain significant markets, or offer other goods and services and product ecosystems to consumers and merchants that we do not offer, which can drive consumers to, and keep them locked-in to, their platforms instead of using ours. We cannot match the resources of all of our competitors Competitors with other revenue sources or greater resources can spend more on marketing and promotional campaigns and buyer acquisition, adopt more aggressive pricing policies and devote more resources to website, mobile platforms and applications and systems development than we can. We may not be able to match the flexibility and expertise of all specialist competitors Competitors that are narrowly focused on specific goods may be better than we are at creating buyer and seller communities and catering to the needs of those communities. Specialist competitors may have more resources to innovate quickly and efficiently within these communities without disruption to buyers and sellers outside of those communities. Additionally, our growth strategy has increasingly emphasized our Focus Categories, such as motor parts and accessories, collectibles, refurbished goods, and authenticated luxury items. Our Focus Category buyers and sellers often have unique product and service needs. The size and complexity of our platforms can make it difficult for us to address the unique needs of our Focus Category consumers as quickly and efficiently as our specialist competitors. Consumers have a wide variety of alternatives that compete against us Consumers have alternatives, such as traditional department, warehouse, boutique, discount and general merchandise stores (as well as the online and mobile operations of these traditional retailers), online retailers, direct-to-consumer offerings, online aggregation and classified services, social media platforms, new live commerce ventures and other shopping channels, such as offline and online home shopping networks. For example, consumers can buy and sell goods using social media, online aggregation and classifieds 14 Table of Contents platforms, such as Facebook Marketplace. These consumers can also turn to shopping-comparison sites, such as Google Shopping, and social networks that enable purchases, such as Instagram and TikTok. Some consumers, including those in younger demographics, may prefer some of these alternative shopping formats to our largely fixed-price listing and traditional auction-style listing formats. Third-party search may direct consumers to our competitors We use product search engines and paid search advertising to help users find our sites, and consumers increasingly use horizontal search engines, shopping comparison sites and newer technologies like AI chatbots to find products, but these services also have the potential to divert users to other online shopping destinations. We may not keep up with seller expectations Consumers and merchants that sell goods on our platforms also have many alternatives, including general ecommerce marketplaces, such as Amazon and Alibaba, and more specialized marketplaces that focus on discrete categories of products. Sellers may also choose to sell their goods through alternative channels, such as multi-channel services like Shopify or social media platforms. Consumers and sellers also can create and sell through their own sites and may choose to purchase online advertising instead of using our services or paying for our advertising products. We may struggle to keep up with local platforms in some geographies - Local competitors may have a better understanding of local culture and commerce and be better positioned to quickly and effectively deliver the experiences that these local consumers want, which could drive down consumer traffic to our platforms. If our advertising products, including our Promoted Listings, are not competitive, we will lose advertising revenues and our business will be harmed. We generate a meaningful amount of our revenue from our Promoted Listings (a first-party advertising offering) and, to a lesser extent, third-party advertising. To sustain or increase our advertising revenue, we must continue to provide customers with compelling advertising products, particularly in light of the potential for AI technologies to change how consumers search for products (e.g., using AI agents and chatbots). If customers perceive that our advertising products are not effective and do not drive quick sales as effectively as off-platform alternatives, including AI technologies such as agents and chatbots, they may not pay for these services and they may be driven to try competing platforms and alternatives. If we are unable to compete effectively for advertising spend, our business and operating results could be harmed. Our business depends on consumer engagement and spending, which makes our results of operations particularly sensitive to shifts in, and events that impact, consumer confidence, platform engagement and buying trends. Our business model is dependent upon consumer engagement and spending, which is difficult to predict and which can vary materially due to many factors, including macroeconomic conditions (such as job losses, inflation, changes in tax liabilities, access to credit, changes in global trade and tariff policies, recessionary fears, general economic uncertainty, and changes in consumer confidence); geopolitical events and events that capture public attention (such as war, the threat of war, social or political unrest, or terrorist activity); natural and human caused disasters and the impact of climate change (such as earthquakes, hurricanes, droughts, flooding, wildfires, sea level rise, and increased energy and shipping costs); power shortages or outages; major public health issues and pandemics; seasonal and potentially non-durable buying and selling trends; general shifts in the cultural appetite for re-commerce; our promotional and marketing campaigns; and new technologies (such as live commerce and AI shopping agents). For example, we saw significant changes to consumer spending throughout 2025 as our users around the world adjusted to changing global trade policies and tariffs. In addition, over the years, we have experienced numerous non-durable spikes in demand as buyers chase the latest popular items. We rely on unique inventory from our sellers from around the globe to generate buyer interest in our platforms and any of the foregoing factors can also impact the amount of inventory sellers make available on our platforms, which can materially and negatively impact buyer spending. Changes in consumer spending and shifts in user engagement on our platforms can occur suddenly and are difficult to predict. We have experienced material changes in consumer spending and platform demand many times in the past, including as a result of the factors outlined above, and we will experience similar changes in the future. Any such change, regardless of the cause, could have material adverse effect on our business and on our operating and financial results. 15 Table of Contents We may not be able to keep pace with technological changes, including emerging AI technologies, and with changes in consumer demands and expectations. Our industry is subject to rapid technological change, and the demands and expectations of our consumers can change quickly. Predicting the changes that our consumers want, learning new technologies and developing new products and services can be complex, time-consuming and costly, and our investments in new innovations may not yield the expected business or financial benefits. If we fail to anticipate or identify technological trends or fail to devote appropriate resources to adapt to such trends, our business could be harmed. For example, we are seeing consumers increasingly search for products using chatbots, virtual assistants and other Gen AI technologies powered by large language models instead of using traditional search engines. If AI technologies do not send referrals to eBay at the rate of traditional search engines for any reason, consumer traffic on our platforms could decrease, which would negatively impact on our business and results of operations. If eBay fails to innovate in ways that encourage consumers to visit our platforms and ensure that our platforms are optimized for AI agents, we could face decreased traffic. We are devoting significant capital and management time and resources to using AI technologies to improve our products, services and controls, and to build and expand our capabilities. We may be slower and less efficient than certain of our competitors in developing our Gen AI capabilities and in optimizing and utilizing our datasets or other technology assets with AI technologies. We may also fail to identify the AI technologies that consumers want, fail to invest sufficiently in those AI technologies, or otherwise fail to incorporate those technologies into our products and services in a timely, effective and compliant manner. Any of these outcomes could place our business at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors, many of whom may not yet exist or be identified. If we fail for any reason to receive sufficient AI referrals to our platforms, or to build, license or acquire the AI technology capabilities that matter to our buyers and sellers, our buyers and sellers or both may choose alternatives to eBay, which could reduce our platform traffic and materially harm our business and results of operations. We expect that new services and technologies applicable to the industries in which we operate will continue to emerge. These new services and technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies we currently use in our products and services. Incorporating new technologies into our products and services may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time and ultimately may not be successful. For example, within certain product categories like fashion, we have experienced increased consumer demand for delivery options, such as pick-up and drop-off, and shipping options, such as low (or no) cost shipping, that we do not currently provide at scale across all geographies in which we operate. In addition, embracing new and untested technologies presents certain inherent risks. For example, as we pursue new AI technologies, there is a risk that AI enhanced products could produce inaccurate, misleading, biased or false outcomes (e.g., hallucinatory behavior currently seen with Gen AI models) or other unexpected results or behaviors that could harm our reputation, business, or buyers and sellers. In some cases, we use open-source or other third-party Gen AI software and datasets, which may lead to intellectual property disputes, including intellectual property ownership or copyright infringement disputes. Some of the AI and other technology systems and services on which we rely are provided and managed by third-party service providers. To the extent that such other third-party systems or services fluctuate in cost or do not perform or function as anticipated, whether because of an inherent flaw in the technology, faulty implementation or a cybersecurity incident, such events can significantly interfere with our ability to meet our customers changing expectations and have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. As new technologies emerge and are adopted within our industry, we also face the risk that laws and regulations will impact our ability to develop and implement technologies in a timely, effective and compliant manner. Certain jurisdictions have enacted, or are considering the enactment of, comprehensive or targeted legal frameworks specifically related to or implicating AI technologies, often in a disparate or conflicting manner. Any failure or perceived failure by us or our service providers to comply with such requirements, if applicable, could lead to legal liability, litigation, regulatory investigations, compliance issues, or reputational or other harm, all of which could negatively affect our financial performance and business reputation. For example, the European Union s comprehensive Artificial Intelligence Act ( EU AI Act ), which lays out the parameters for AI systems where non-compliance can result in fines up to 35 million euros or 7% of global turnover, came into force in August 2024. AI regulation is also expanding in the United States, with AI-focused laws expected to take effect in 2026 in states such as California and Colorado. AI regulations in certain of our most important markets, including the United States and 16 Table of Contents the European Union (the EU ) may ultimately be more restrictive than in other markets, which could place us at a disadvantage compared to companies operating in less restrictive markets. We have devoted and plan to continue devoting substantial time, money and management resources to developing new technologies, products and services, including those described above. We cannot guarantee that our efforts will help us achieve our goals in a timely or cost-effective manner or at all, and we cannot guarantee that we can carry out these projects without a negative impact on our day-to-day operations and consumer satisfaction, and any such failure or negative impact could materially harm our business. Our international operations subject us to various uncertainties, costs and risks, which could harm our business. Our international businesses, especially in the United Kingdom and Germany, and in cross-border sales from Greater China, have generated nearly half of our net revenues in recent years. Our international operations are subject to various uncertainties, costs, and risks, including: global or regional economic and market conditions; local variations in consumer confidence and demand for discretionary goods; costs associated with localizing products, services and customer data, including the ability to transact in local currencies; adapting our products and services to local preferences (e.g., payment methods); import and export regulations and the impact of global trade policies, restrictions, sanctions and countersanctions (or the threat thereof), such as new or changed tariffs (or the threat thereof), trade regulations and agreements, and the elimination of the $800 de minimis exemption on imports into the United States and similar de minimis exemptions in other countries; distance, language, and cultural differences that make central management challenging; stringent local labor laws and regulations; credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud in some geographies; profit repatriation restrictions, foreign currency exchange restrictions or extreme fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates for a particular currency; global or regional geopolitical events, including political or social unrest, economic instability, repression, human rights, armed conflicts, acts of war (or the threat thereof), and terrorism; local human and natural disasters, climate change impacts, and public health issues and pandemics; global or regional supply chain challenges, including fluctuations in shipping costs, limitations on shipping and receiving capacity, complexity around payment of duties, and other supply chain disruptions; compliance with laws designed to combat bribery, money laundering and the financing of terrorist activities, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act, and EU Anti-Money Laundering Directives; antitrust and competition regulations; tax laws and regulations; economic uncertainties relating to sovereign and other debt; different, uncertain, or more stringent user protection, data protection, data localization, privacy, AI and other data and consumer protection and environmental laws; different, uncertain, or more stringent local laws, licensing requirements and reporting obligations that impact our business operations; payment intermediation regulations; and increased difficulties in collecting accounts receivable. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could materially harm our business. In addition, if we violate any of the complex laws and regulations that apply to our international operations, we will be subject to significant fines, penalties and sanctions, including the divestitures and prohibitions or restrictions on business operations. Regulators may also evaluate our historical compliance judgments, monitoring thresholds, escalation decisions or reporting determinations with the benefit of hindsight, and may reach conclusions that differ from those made at the time based on the information then available. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, and operational results. Governments in various countries have imposed sanctions and export controls that prohibit us and our customers from engaging in or facilitating trade or financial transactions with various countries, businesses, organizations and individuals. Expanding our operations internationally increases the export controls and economic 17 Table of Contents sanctions laws and regulations that apply to us, as well as the risk of a violation. These laws and regulations, and their interpretation and enforcement, change frequently, involve substantial uncertainty and may be driven by political and other factors that are out of our control. In addition, we can be held liable for the actions of our employees, contractors, agents, and customers regardless of the policies and procedures we put in place to comply with these laws and regulations. We have limited control over our customers conduct, and some may attempt to circumvent sanctions or export controls through misrepresentation, transshipment, use of intermediaries, or false product descriptions, increasing compliance and enforcement risk. We rely on automated and manual compliance controls to identify and prevent prohibited transactions, but these controls may not be fully effective, particularly where information is incomplete, inaccurate, or intentionally misrepresented by third parties. Cross-border trade is an important source of revenue and profit for us, and changes to global trade policies can significantly impact our customers and materially harm our business. Cross-border trade is an important source of both revenue and profits for us. Cross-border trade also represents our primary (or in some cases, only) presence in certain important markets, such as Greater China, and various other countries. Therefore, changes in global trade policies can have a significant impact on buyers and sellers, which can materially harm our business. For example, trade policies that increase tariffs, shipping fees, delivery times or that otherwise restrict or make cross-border trade more difficult or impractical can reduce buying and selling activity on our platforms, which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Global trade policies underwent significant changes throughout 2025. For example, the United States implemented tariffs and other trade restrictions on several countries, many of which responded by implementing their own tariffs and trade restrictions. In some cases, the amount of tariffs and restrictions changed throughout 2025, adding complexity. In addition, the United States eliminated the $800 de minimis exemption from customs duties on imported goods, which has impacted certain eBay transactions that were previously able to use this exemption. Such changes have and may continue to lead to escalations of trade measures. For example some countries have announced retaliatory tariffs, the E.U. has announced it will remove its 150 de minimis exemption in July 2026 and require a 3 fee per parcel, and the U.K. is expected to follow with eliminating its 135 de minimis threshold for low-value imports. These developments fundamentally change how cross-border transactions are handled, especially when sellers ship directly to the U.S., E.U., and potentially U.K., and they increase cost, complexity and compliance burden for many cross-border sellers, which could lead to reduced cross-border volume or reconfiguration of supply-chain and fulfillment strategies. In July 2026, U.S. customs authorities are expected to implement new electronic filing requirements for importers of regulated consumer products to certify compliance with U.S. product safety standards, which would increase the operational burden on our customers importing items into the U.S. and could lead them to engage in fewer transactions, which would harm our business. Global trade developments, including the timing and manner in which tariffs and trade restrictions are implemented, the amount, scope and nature of trade restrictions, legal challenges to tariffs and trade restrictions in the United States and other countries, and the countries subject to new or additional tariffs and trade restrictions, generally continue to rapidly evolve and may change unexpectedly at any time, making it impossible for us to predict future developments or their ultimate effects on our business and results of operations accurately. Any further trade policy developments, especially in key geographies such as the U.S, the U.K., and the E.U., could significantly impact the cost of items and available inventory to be bought and sold on our platforms, limit our ability and the ability of our sellers to offer and deliver products on a timely or cost-effective basis, or otherwise adversely impact our consumers ability to buy and sell on our platforms. Further, adapting to new and changed trade restrictions can be expensive, time-consuming and very disruptive to our buyers and sellers. For example, tariffs generally apply based on the manufacturing location, rather than the selling location, of goods. These distinctions can be confusing for our sellers and lead to platform solutions that fail to satisfy all of our customers. Our business to consumer sellers may be dissuaded from using our platforms if we do not have solutions that accurately calculate customs fees based on manufacturing location. However, those same solutions may dissuade our consumer-to-consumer sellers from using our platforms, because they serve to increase the cost of the items they are selling. The loss of sellers from one or more geographies could negatively impact the breadth and relevance of inventory available on our platforms, which could lead to decreased buyer traffic and harm our business. Any past or future changes to the cost of buying and selling goods internationally, or even the public perception that any such changes are imminent or could occur in the future, may reduce consumer confidence and the number of consumers using our platforms, drive consumers to alternative competitors or buying and selling 18 Table of Contents channels and lead to a decrease in buying and selling on our platforms. Any such outcome could materially reduce the activity of consumers on our platforms and harm our business, financial performance and results of operations. Our buyer and seller trust and protection programs increase our costs and loss rate, and failure to manage such programs effectively can damage customers trust in transacting on our platforms, which could harm our business. We spend significant time and resources managing our buyer and seller protection programs. While we believe these programs are essential to generate buyer and seller trust on our platform, they increase our expenses, increase actual and threatened litigation and subject us to increased regulatory risk involving seller fraud and non-performance, all of which can have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if we fail to manage these programs effectively, customers may lose trust in transacting on our platforms, which could harm our business. For example, our eBay Money Back Guarantee program is intended to compensate users who have not received the item that they purchased or have received an item different from what was described. We expend, and expect to continue to expend, significant time and resources managing this program, and litigation, legislation, or regulation involving liability for any seller fraud or non-performance could increase our costs, lead to adverse judgments, settlements or regulatory fines and injunctions, and otherwise harm our business. In addition, we rely on shipping carriers to deliver items purchased on our Marketplace platforms and to provide tracking and delivery confirmation. If these carriers experience performance issues, including delays, losses, damage, or inaccurate tracking information, we may incur increased costs and loss rates under our eBay Money Back Guarantee program. While we may seek reimbursement or other recovery from carriers in certain circumstances, such recovery may be delayed, disputed, or insufficient to offset our losses. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience increased costs from chargebacks through our payments platforms, due to forced transaction reversals initiated by buyers through their payment card issuers. These forced transaction reversals can be initiated for a number of reasons, including, but not limited to, alleged seller fraud or nonperformance, and our efforts to object to such reversals may not be successful. We offer authentication services, including our Authenticity Guarantee program, in certain markets to increase buyer confidence in using our platforms. If we are unable to effectively manage the authentication process, including the third-party service providers on which we rely for a portion of our item authentication, or if our buyers and sellers do not value these processes, customers may lose trust in our Marketplace platforms, and we may suffer harm to our reputation and even be subject to litigation, which could be costly and time consuming for us and harm our business. Systems failures and business interruptions could harm our business. We have experienced and will continue to experience system failures that interrupt the availability or reduce the speed or functionality of our platforms and services. These events have resulted in, and will in the future result in, loss of revenue. These events can occur for many reasons, including hardware and software defects or malfunctions, cyberattacks such as denial-of-service, credential stuffing, and other types of attacks, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, natural disasters, sustained drought, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, or other events. Our systems are also subject to compromise, sabotage and intentional acts of vandalism. Some of our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning can never be sufficient to cover all eventualities. A prolonged interruption in the availability or reduction in the speed or other functionality of our websites and mobile applications or payments services could materially harm our business. Frequent or persistent interruptions in our services could cause current or potential users to believe that our systems are unreliable, leading them to switch to our competitors or to avoid our sites, and could permanently harm our reputation and brands. Our customers could seek significant compensation from us for any losses sustained as a result of business interruptions and those claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly for us to address. We also rely on facilities, components and services supplied by third parties and our business may be materially adversely affected to the extent third party facilities, components or services suffer a business interruption or otherwise do not meet our expectations. For example, the closure (for any reason) of any of our third-party hosting facilities could cause system interruptions and delays, result in loss of critical data and cause lengthy 19 Table of Contents interruptions in our services. While we carry business interruption insurance, it may not be sufficient to compensate us for losses that may result from business interruptions. Our payments and financial services offerings require ongoing investment and subject us to substantial legal, operational and third-party risks. We have invested and plan to continue to invest internal resources into our payments and financial service offerings, which include seller capital that helps fund small businesses through our partners, and payment partnerships that enable us to accept payment from a variety of sources such as credit cards, digital wallets and buy now, pay later options. We believe these offerings increase the accessibility of our platforms and consumer engagement, but they also increase our business risks. Payments and other financial services are governed by complex and continuously evolving laws and regulations that vary across the geographies where we operate. For example, we must comply with licensing and registration requirements, audit, capital maintenance, funds handling and segregation, consumer disclosure, data processing, authentication and other reporting requirements in numerous jurisdictions. If we or our third-party service providers fail to comply (or even face a claim of failure to comply) with applicable law and regulations, we may lose our licenses, face significant fines and penalties, face consumer liability claims, require changes to or discontinuation of certain products, features, payment methods or financial services offerings, and even be forced to cease operating in critical geographies, which would materially harm our business and reputation. Our compliance programs necessarily involve judgment-based determinations and prioritization, and regulators may disagree with those determinations even where made in good faith. We continually evaluate and expect to continue to implement new payment methods and financial services for our consumers, which can subject us to costly additional regulations and compliance requirements, and expose us to heightened fraud and regulatory risk. We rely on third-party service providers to perform services, including, among others, credit card processing, payment disbursements, currency exchange, identity verification, sanctions screening, and fraud analysis and detection. If our service providers fail to perform adequately, experience outages, cyberattacks or other security incidents, financial distress or insolvency, our customers may not be able to make and receive payments or use their preferred payment methods, which could increase our costs, drive sellers away from our marketplaces, result in potential legal liability, and materially harm our business. In addition, we and our third-party service providers may experience service interruptions, errors and other failures from time to time that could adversely impact payments made on our platform and cause consumers to lose confidence in our payments system. Our service providers could also unexpectedly terminate or modify their services, including by increasing fees, which could negatively impact our ability to provide payments services to our customers on competitive terms (or at all), or lead to increased risk of non-compliance under applicable laws and regulations. Transitioning third-party service providers typically requires significant financial and personnel resources, and we may be unable to find a suitable replacement service provider. We are also indirectly (and in some cases directly) subject to payment card association operating rules and certification requirements pursuant to agreements with our third-party payment processors. These rules and requirements, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard and rules governing electronic funds transfers, are subject to change or reinterpretation, which can increase our cost of compliance and make it difficult to ensure continual compliance. Any failure to comply could cause us to violate our contractual obligations to our third-party payment processors, subject us to fines, limit (or eliminate) our ability to accept the forms of payments that our consumers prefer, and increase our costs and the rates that we charge our consumers for payments services, which could materially harm our business. In addition, changes in laws and regulations, including changes to the credit or debit card interchange rates in any geography, could adversely affect payments on our platform and make our payments systems less profitable. Maintaining our payments services and providing the services that our customers want is expensive. If we fail to invest adequate resources into payments on our platforms, our payments and financial services may not function properly or keep pace with competitive offerings, which could negatively impact consumer engagement and spending on our platforms. Our payments system is susceptible to illegal uses, including money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud and payments to sanctioned parties. If our compliance program and internal controls to limit such illegal activity are 20 Table of Contents ineffective, government authorities could bring legal action against us or otherwise suspend our ability to offer payments or financial services in one or more markets, which would materially harm our business. We are subject to significant fraud risk on our platforms. We face reputational and operational risks with respect to fraud on our platforms. We periodically receive, and expect to continue to receive, complaints from buyers alleging non-receipt of goods purchased and from sellers alleging non-receipt of payment for goods sold. In some European and Asian jurisdictions, buyers have the right to withdraw from a sale made by a professional seller within a specified time period. While we can, in some cases, suspend the accounts of users who fail to fulfill their obligations to other users, we cannot always require users to make payment (such as when a payment method on file fails) or deliver goods. While we have consumer protection programs and actively seek to minimize fraud on our platforms, our efforts may not satisfy all consumers (such as buyers who want a specific good, not a refund) and cannot eliminate all fraudulent transactions, and there is no assurance that our efforts will satisfy all of our customers. If our efforts fail to address fraud effectively or negatively impact the attractiveness of our products or services, buyers and sellers could migrate to our competitors, which could damage our reputation and materially adversely impact our results of operations. We face significant risk from cyberattacks and data security breaches. We and our service providers collect, store, use, retain, disclose, transfer and process a significant amount of confidential, personal and sensitive information from our users and employees, including transaction, identity, biometric, health, payments and financial information. A significant number of our users authorize us to bill their payment card accounts directly for all transactions and other fees charged by us or, in certain cases, third-party service providers utilized in our financial services. We and our service providers face a variety of cybersecurity threats and risks or inadvertent or intentional data breaches and security events. Cybersecurity threats can take a variety of forms, including malicious software programs, including ransomware, that attack our networks and data centers or those of our service providers, social engineering attacks, including phishing and impersonation, attacks against our websites such as credential stuffing, denial or degradation of service attacks and similar types of attacks against us, our employees, users and our service providers. Due to the size of our company and the volume of confidential information we possess, we are also at risk from inadvertent and intentional data disclosure, system or access misuse, unauthorized access or other improper actions by employees and service providers. We provide cybersecurity training to our workforce. For example, we regularly train our workforce, upskill teams that handle sensitive data, and carry out bespoke trainings and tabletop exercises for our employees, including our leaders. We have also implemented policy, procedural, technical, physical and administrative security controls intended to protect our systems from such incidents. However, no training or security controls can offer absolute protection against such attacks and incidents, and if our controls fail for any reason, improper access, use or disclosure of data may result. For example, in 2014 we experienced a significant data breach involving unauthorized access to a database containing records of up to 145 million users. In the last three years, we have experienced and reported data breaches to regulators, but we do not believe these recent events were material and they did not result in any penalties or sanctions. However, future events could have a material impact on our business, results of operations or reputation. For more information about our cybersecurity risk management, governance and oversight, see Item 1C: Cybersecurity. We have seen an increase in attack sophistication, and future attacks are likely to be increasingly sophisticated and highly targeted, particularly due to rapid developments in AI. For example, hackers have unsuccessfully targeted us using an AI-generated voice impersonation of our CEO. We expect cyberattacks utilizing AI to continue and evolve. Our information technology and infrastructure have at times been, and may in the future be, vulnerable to cyberattacks, including ransomware attacks, or security incidents and third parties may be able to access our employee and user data, including payment and financial data, that are stored on or accessible through our systems. Any actual or attempted cyberattack, breach or data incident, or even an unfounded public rumor regarding such an attack, breach or incident, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operation. eBay does not need to be the direct target of such attacks, breaches or incidents for them to have a material adverse effect on our operations. For example, a cyberattack on a key service provider, or a vulnerability in software that they use, could disrupt our services or compromise user and employee data 21 Table of Contents entrusted to that service provider. We perform risk-based assessments of our service providers, but we do not control our service providers and our ability to monitor their data security is limited, so we cannot guarantee that their security measures will be adequate. In addition, we and our employees, users and service providers also may not discover a cyberattack, breach or other incident for a significant period after the incident occurs, which could amplify any adverse outcomes resulting from such incidents. We maintain cybersecurity insurance and seek to include reasonable contractual and indemnity protections in the contracts we have with our service providers. However, the amounts, if any, that we recover under an insurance policy or service provider contract may not be sufficient to adequately reimburse us from cybersecurity and data breach liabilities and losses, and the reputational damage to our business that such incidents cause. Our success largely depends on attracting, retaining, and developing our senior managers and other key employees. Our future performance depends substantially on our ability to attract, retain and motivate our senior management and other key employees, including highly skilled engineers, product developers, and AI technologists. The loss of the services of, or our inability to attract highly qualified, senior management and other key employees, could harm our business. Competition for highly skilled individuals is intense, especially in Silicon Valley where our corporate headquarters are located. In making employment decisions, candidates in our industry consider total compensation, including share-based awards such as restricted stock units, as well as corporate culture and our ability to build and maintain a welcoming workplace. If our compensation programs are not viewed as competitive, including due to fluctuations in our stock price, or our workplace is not viewed as welcoming, our ability to attract, retain, and motivate employees could be weakened, which could harm our business. Legal or regulatory developments in any geography where we operate that restrict immigration could affect our ability to attract, retain and motivate personnel. We do not have long-term employment agreements with any of our key employees and do not maintain any key person life insurance policies outside of policies we may assume as part of an acquisition. Our business is primarily non-unionized, but we have some works councils outside the United States. The unionization or related activism of significant employee populations, including in the United States, could result in higher costs and other operational changes necessary to respond to changing conditions and to establish new relationships with worker representatives. In addition, from time to time we have announced restructuring plans that include workforce reductions, and we may make similar announcements in the future. Any such plans could divert management attention, adversely affect employee morale and turnover, and damage our reputation as an employer, which could increase the difficulty of attracting, retaining and motivating qualified personnel and maintaining our corporate culture. We and our customers depend in part on third parties for products and services, some of which are controlled by our competitors, and changes to these products and services could harm our business. We and our customers depend on a variety of third-party products and services that are important to our success, including seller tools that automate and manage listings, merchant tools that manage listings and interface with inventory management software, storefronts that help our sellers list items, shipping providers that deliver goods sold on our platform, payment processing and financial services, item authentication services, third-party traffic drivers such as search engines, social networks and, increasingly, AI technologies such as chatbots and shopping agents. Price increases, service terminations, disruptions or interruptions, product and service changes, and any other issue that prevents these third parties from providing products or services that we or our customers rely on could materially harm our business. For example, domestic or international shipping and postal rate increases may reduce the competitiveness of certain sellers offerings, and postal service changes and disruptions could require certain sellers to utilize alternatives which could be more expensive, slower or inconvenient, which could in turn decrease the number of transactions on our sites, negatively impacting our results of operations. Similarly, changes in the payments and delivery options available to our buyers, or the speed or cost of shipping, may reduce buyer engagement and spending on our platforms. Additionally, if sellers are unable to access tools that automate their listings, or if the providers of these tools no longer automated eBay listings among their services, our sellers may sell their good through one of our competitors or not at all, which could reduce the breadth and relevance of our inventory and harm our business. 22 Table of Contents In addition, some of the products and services that we and our customers rely on are controlled or owned by our competitors, which increases the risk that the pricing, availability, and terms or operation for these products and services could change in a way that harms our business. For example, we rely on major online application stores for distribution of our application. If these application store providers modify or implement new terms, we may be forced to modify our products to maintain our ability to remain in that application store. If we are unable to use or adapt to operational changes in such services, we may face higher costs for such services, face integration or technological barriers or lose customers, which could materially harm our business. In addition, we rely on Google search to direct a significant amount of traffic to our platforms. From time to time, Alphabet has made changes to their algorithms and methodologies that have reduced the amount of traffic directed to our platforms, and they may continue to do so, including in a way that promotes their competing products or services. If our e-commerce competitors decide to advertise less, or not at all, through traditional search engines, or if consumers increasingly shift towards AI technologies such as AI chatbots and agents for their shopping transactions, traditional search engines may lose relevance. As a result, we could experience a reduced amount of search traffic directed to us and be forced to adjust our advertising practices sooner or more dramatically than we may have anticipated. We have outsourced certain important functions that are critical to our operations to third-party providers, including some customer support, payments and financial services, product development functions, and certain authentication services. If our service providers do not perform satisfactorily, our operations could be disrupted and user satisfaction could decrease, which could materially harm our business. The third-party suppliers we and our customers rely on may not continue to provide their products or services on acceptable terms, or at all, and we may be unable to procure alternatives from other third parties in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all. Our acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures, strategic partnerships and strategic investments create potential material risks to our business. We have acquired, disposed of, invested in and entered into strategic partnerships and joint ventures with many businesses in the past and we expect to continue these activities in the future. These transactions may involve significant risks, including: the inability to complete any transaction on our desired timeline and terms; the loss of key customers, merchants, vendors and other key business partners; reduced employee morale, hiring and retention issues, and the loss of key personnel due to changes in compensation, management, reporting relationships, corporate culture, and strategy following an acquisition or disposition; diversion of management time and focus from operating our core businesses to any transaction; difficulty in providing or obtaining necessary transition services, which may result in the diversion of resources and management focus; the inherent difficulty and cost of integrating new, different or more complex operations, systems (including accounting, management, information, human resource and other administrative systems), technologies, products and personnel of acquired businesses; the inefficiencies and lack of synergies that may result if integrations are delayed or not implemented, and unforeseen difficulties and expenditures that may arise as a result; the frequent need to implement or improve controls, procedures and policies of smaller acquired businesses to meet our standards, as a larger public company; risks associated with our expansion in new markets, geographies, and areas of business with which we may be unfamiliar; derivative lawsuits resulting from the transaction; anti-trust or other similar regulatory enforcements and restrictions that could delay or nullify a transaction, impose restrictions on our operations or lead to subsequent litigation; increased costs and indebtedness associated with negotiating, financing and completing acquisitions; exposure to regulatory regimes unfamiliar to our business, which can divert management time and company resources; liability for activities of the acquired or disposed business, including intellectual property, payment services, litigation claims or disputes, violations of laws, rules and regulations, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities, which may not be adequately covered by insurance or indemnity provisions in the underlying transaction agreements; 23 Table of Contents regulatory approval and controls, policies and procedures requirements that may be imposed on us if we acquire or dispose of certain businesses or assets, such as businesses containing significant regulated data; any fluctuations in share prices, financial results and fluctuations in exchange rates, and the inability to quickly liquidate investments in other businesses; our inability to control or influence the actions of separate businesses in which we invest or form strategic partnerships or joint-ventures, and the possibility that our reputation may be harmed by a close association with a third-party bad actor; the possibility that we may not realize the expected benefits from such transactions within the anticipated time frame, or at all; and the risk that errors or irregularities in the systems, controls and processes of an acquired business could lead to significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our consolidated financial statements. As a result of a prior transaction, we own a significant number of Aurelia Netherlands TopCo B.V. ( Aurelia ) shares, representing approximately 8.3% of the outstanding equity of Aurelia. Because Aurelia is a privately held company without a readily determinable fair value and over which we are not able to exercise significant influence, our investment is accounted for under the measurement alternative where the carrying value is measured at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment. The value of our investment in Aurelia could fluctuate due to factors outside of our control, and a decline in value could require us to record an impairment, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. In addition, any decline in value could impact our ability to exit our investment on favorable market terms or our ability to liquidate the shares. Our ability to sell Aurelia shares is also constrained by certain contractual obligations. Any of these potential issues, if realized, could harm our business or negatively impact our financial results. Regulatory and Legal Risks We are subject to extensive and increasing regulation and oversight, which could adversely impact our business. We are subject to laws and regulations affecting our operations in a number of areas, including consumer protection; data privacy and data security; responsible AI; intellectual property ownership and infringement; stolen, counterfeit, unsafe or otherwise prohibited goods; corporate and consumer taxes; antitrust and unfair competition or commercial practices; import and export restrictions; anti-corruption; labor and employment; advertising; digital content; real estate; payments and financial services; billing; ecommerce/marketplace or online platform liability; promotions; quality of services; telecommunications; distribution and transportation; mobile communications and media; environmental packaging and waste; climate-related regulation; energy consumption; health and safety; accessibility; and antibribery, money laundering and the financing of terrorist activities. From time to time, we have expanded our operations, including the products and services we offer, our investments in other companies, and our geographical scope. If we continue to do so, we and our customers could become subject to increased scrutiny and additional laws and regulations. Complying with these laws and regulations may require operational changes that are unpopular with our users, increase our costs or reduce our revenues. For example, our expansion into payments and financial services in recent years subjects our operations to significant and complex new laws and regulations. Additionally, in 2025 we acquired Caramel, an end-to-end online automotive transactions solutions provider. As a result of this acquisition, we must comply with state-by-state automotive title transfer, identity and payment verification, finance and insurance requirements. We have also begun offering live commerce, which, due to its interactive and real-time nature, may expose us to additional risk and heightened scrutiny relating to areas of regulation such as consumer protection, content moderation, health and safety, and accessibility. One area of recent regulatory and legislative focus around the globe has been children s online safety. In the U.K., the UK Online Safety Act requires online service providers to protect children from harmful content. Legislators in the U.S. are considering similar proposals, including to enhance protections for children online through mandated parental controls, enhanced privacy protections, age verification, and limited access to addictive features and chatbots. Several U.S. states have also adopted laws requiring application stores to provide standardized age signals to platforms. While regulators and legislators have been largely focused on social media platforms, these 24 Table of Contents types of laws and regulations could expand to include platforms offering e-commerce, live commerce, or other online services, which could negatively impact the number of users on our platforms and our business. As we expand and localize our international activities, we are also increasingly becoming obligated to comply with the laws of the countries or markets in which we operate. Our services are accessible worldwide, and we facilitate the sales of goods and provide services to customers worldwide. Certain jurisdictions in which we operate may claim that we or our customers are required to comply with local laws based on a number of factors, including the location of our servers or our customers, the product sold or the service provided. Generally, laws outside of the United States are less favorable to our operations than those in the United States. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there