=== CSGP_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this report. Human Capital Resources Our people at CoStar Group are our greatest asset. With over 8,000 employees in 20 countries, our business is built on delivering excellence and innovation to our clients and supporting a workplace where our people can thrive. CoStar Group s core values define our culture and guide the behaviors that enable our teams to work collaboratively toward our shared mission of digitizing the world s real estate. We have designed our human capital resources to strengthen our 14 teams skills, drive business growth, support community and belonging, and reward successful outcomes with best-in-class compensation and benefits programs. In 2025, we expanded our in-person and online corporate training and development programs to the United Kingdom (and plan to expand them to colleagues in Australia). Our extensive sales training programs include in-depth new hire onboarding designed to accelerate growth, strengthen performance, and elevate the experience of every seller. We also launched several new continuous learning and coaching initiatives, including Leadership Labs, a knowledge-sharing forum for experienced leaders, Coach the Coach, which helps sales leaders refine their coaching skills and drive sustained team performance, and the Leaderboard to Leadership program, which develops high-performing individual contributors into future sales leaders. To assess employee engagement, we partner with a third-party vendor to conduct annual employee surveys. Insights and results gathered from the survey are shared with our leadership, managers, and employees, and inform our learning and development, communication, leadership, and employee experience strategies each year. The diversity of thought that comes from different perspectives and backgrounds enables us to design cutting-edge research, marketplace, and technology solutions that best serve our customers. Our Culture team, in collaboration with our employee resource groups, offers various culture and community engagement programs and educational opportunities to promote a sense of belonging and foster an inclusive environment for all individuals, regardless of their background. CoStar Group s total rewards approach provides competitive pay and benefits to attract and retain top talent. In addition to base salaries, compensation may include annual bonuses, commissions, and equity awards. Our comprehensive set of health and wellness benefits is both affordable and high quality, offering valuable support to employees and their families. While benefits and wellness offerings vary by location, they can include health care coverage, retirement benefits with company contributions, life and disability insurance, access to counseling and resources related to mental health, time away policies, tuition assistance, service awards of CoStar Group Shares, college savings benefits, company subsidized commuter benefits, legal services, employee stock purchase plan, and pet insurance. As of January 31, 2026, we employed: 6,602 U.S.-based employees, representing approximately 78% of the overall employee population 1,155 employees in Asia and Oceania 608 employees in Europe 72 employees in Canada 4 employees in Latin America No CoStar Group employees are represented by a labor union, and we have not experienced any work stoppages to date. As is common with many German companies, employees in our German subsidiary, Thomas Daily GmbH, have elected four fellow employees to form a Works Council (Betriebsrat), which represents their interests at the location. The Works Council has certain co-determination rights and rights to receive information from us and engage us in discussions under applicable law. In France, both Business Immo Holdings and ComReal have Works Councils (known as comit social et conomique, or CSE) which are employee representative bodies. Available Information Our investor relations internet website is http://www.costargroup.com/investors. The reports we file with or furnish to the SEC, including our annual report, quarterly reports, and current reports, as well as amendments to those reports, are available free of charge on our internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy statements, information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at https://www.sec.gov. 15 Item 1A. Risk Factors Summary of Risk Factors Risks related to our business If we are unable to attract and retain new clients, particularly subscribers to our information, analytics, and online marketplace services, our revenue and financial position will be adversely affected. Failure to develop and introduce new or upgraded information, analytics, and online marketplace services or to shift focus from current services with less demand could decrease our revenue and our profitability. We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing market, and we may not be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors in attracting advertisers, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our operating and financial results are subject to fluctuations and market cyclicality, which could negatively affect our stock price. Global economic uncertainties and downturns or a downturn or consolidation in the real estate industry may decrease customer demand for our services and adversely affect our business and results of operations. If we are unable to hire qualified people for, or retain and continue to develop our sales force, or if our sales force is unproductive, our revenue could be adversely affected. Our business depends on retaining and attracting highly capable management and operating personnel. Our internal and external investments may place downward pressure on our operating margins. We may not be able to maintain or grow our current revenue and profit levels. We may be unable to increase awareness of our brands, which could adversely affect our business. If our websites are not prominently featured in internet search engine results, if internet search engines integrate technologies or adopt ranking methodologies that decrease traffic to our websites, or if we are unable to maintain or increase traffic to our marketplaces, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. If real estate professionals or other advertisers reduce or cancel their advertising spending with us and we are unable to attract new advertisers, our operating results would be harmed. If we are unable to successfully identify, finance, integrate, and/or manage costs related to acquisitions, our business operations and financial position could be adversely affected. Our strategic transactions may be subject to regulatory approvals and may not be completed as contemplated. We may be unable to realize the benefits of the Matterport Acquisition or the Domain Acquisition. If third-party suppliers upon which Matterport relies are not able to fulfill its needs, Matterport's ability to timely and cost effectively bring its hardware products to market could be affected. Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could result in serious harm to our reputation, business, and financial condition. Technical problems or disruptions could damage our reputation and lead to reduced demand for our information, analytics, and online marketplace services, lower revenue and increased costs. The significant costs associated with building our campus in Richmond, Virginia, have impacted and will continue to impact our financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to successfully expand geographically, which may negatively impact our business. We are subject to a number of risks related to acceptance of credit cards and debit cards and facilitation of other customer payments. Climate related events and other events beyond our control could harm our business. Attention to corporate responsibility matters may require us to incur additional costs or otherwise adversely impact our business. Risks related to our data, intellectual property and listings If we are not able to obtain and maintain accurate, comprehensive, or reliable data, we could experience reduced demand for our services. If we are unable to enforce or defend our ownership and use of intellectual property, our business, brands, competitive position, and operating results could be harmed. Use of new and evolving technologies, including AI, could impact our ability to protect our data and intellectual property from misappropriation by third parties. We may be subject to legal liability for collecting, displaying, or distributing information. 16 Our services could be less attractive and our revenue may decrease if we fail to obtain or retain listings from third parties. We may not be able to maintain or establish relationships with third-party listing providers, maintain stable data feeds, or to comply with the rules and compliance requirements of MLSs. Failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to deliver our products or services or subject us to litigation or other action s . Risks related to our international operations We are expanding our operations outside of the United States, which may subject us to increased business, regulatory, and economic risks that could harm our business. We are exposed to additional business risks from our international operations, including volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. Risks related to our indebtedness Our significant indebtedness could decrease our flexibility and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. A lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating agencies may increase our future borrowing costs, reduce our access to capital, or result in the loss of certain covenant suspensions. Risks related to regulatory compliance and legal matters Our actual or perceived failure to comply with privacy laws and standards could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Changes in tax laws, regulations, or fiscal and tax policies, or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement could adversely impact our financial performance. Third-party claims, litigation, regulatory proceedings, or government investigations to which we are subject or in which we become involved, regardless of their merit, may significantly increase our expenses and adversely affect our stock price. We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. Stock repurchases under our Stock Repurchase Program are discretionary, and we cannot guarantee that our Stock Repurchase Program will achieve the desired objectives. Share repurchases diminish our cash reserves and could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our common stock Risks related to our business We may not be able to attract and retain new clients, which could adversely affect our revenue and financial position. Our success and revenue depend on attracting and retaining subscribers to our information, analytics, and online marketplace services, which generate the largest portion of our revenue. Our renewal rate, net new booking and revenue may not grow, or could decrease, if we cannot attract new customers, continue to keep our cancellation rate low, and continue to sell new services to our existing customers, which may occur as a result of several factors, including, continuing global economic and geopolitical volatility, economic pressures, and the impact of inflation on our costs and on customer spending; the business failure of current clients; customer decisions that they do not need our services or to use alternative services; customers and potential customers budgetary constraints; consolidation in the real estate and/or financial services industries; data quality; technical problems; competitive pressures; or devaluation of the local currencies of international customers relative to the U.S. dollar which impairs the purchasing power of such customers. We may not be able to successfully develop and introduce new or upgraded online marketplace services, information, and analytics that are attractive to our users and advertisers or successfully combine or shift focus from current services with less demand, which could decrease our revenue and our profitability. Our future business and financial success will depend on our ability to continue to anticipate the needs of customers and potential customers and to successfully introduce new and upgraded services, including services that make our marketplaces useful for users and attractive to advertisers. To be successful, we must be able to quickly adapt to changes in the industry, as well as rapid technological changes, including AI Technologies, by continually enhancing our information, analytics, and online marketplace services. If we fail to introduce new and upgraded services in response to these changes in a timely and cost-efficient manner, or to adequately address the changing needs of our clients, our services could become less competitive or obsolete, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. As a result, we must continually invest resources in research and development, both through internal investments and the acquisition of intellectual property from companies that we have acquired, to improve the appeal and comprehensiveness of our services, and effectively incorporate new technologies, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. 17 Developing new services and upgrades to services, as well as integrating and coordinating current services, imposes heavy burdens on our systems department, product development team, management, and researchers. The processes are costly, and our efforts to develop, integrate, and enhance our services may not be successful. In addition, launching and selling a new or upgraded service puts additional strain on our sales and marketing resources. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining greater market share or in obtaining widespread adoption of new or upgraded services, we may not be able to offset the expenses associated with the development, launch, and marketing of the new or upgraded service, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. For example, we have and will continue to invest significantly in developing our marketplaces and content, and, to generate brand awareness and site traffic, we have and will continue to invest significant resources in multi-channel marketing campaigns for select marketplaces. If these development efforts and marketing campaigns do not increase brand awareness, site traffic, subscriptions for marketplaces services, and/or revenue, the cost of these campaigns could have an adverse effect on our results of operation. In addition, as we integrate acquired businesses, we continue to assess which services we believe will best meet the needs of our customers. If we eliminate or phase out a service and are not able to offer and successfully market and sell an alternative service, our revenue may decrease, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Competition could render our services uncompetitive and reduce our profitability. The markets for information systems and services and for online marketplaces in general are highly competitive and rapidly changing in response to changing consumer behavior and new technological advancements. If we are unable to compete successfully against our existing or future competitors, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected. Our existing or future competitors may have greater name recognition, larger customer bases, better technology or data, lower prices, easier access to data, greater user traffic or greater financial, technical, or marketing resources than we have to provide services that users might view as superior to our offerings. Competition in these markets may increase if economic conditions or other circumstances cause customer bases and customer spending to decrease and service providers to compete for fewer customer resources. Competitors, or future competitors, may introduce different solutions that attract users away from our services, such as AI-powered platforms that provide access to real estate agents, real estate data, and related content without directing users to our marketplaces, or provide solutions similar to ours that have the advantage of better branding or marketing resources. Our competitors may be able to undertake more effective marketing campaigns, obtain more data, adopt more aggressive pricing policies, make more attractive offers to potential employees, subscribers, advertisers, distribution partners, and content providers, or may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies, including the integration of generative AI Technologies in response to changing consumer behavior or user requirements. Moreover, rapid advancement of generative AI Technologies may reduce the barrier to entry for new competitors. Increased competition or failure to adapt effectively to technological shifts could result in lower revenue and higher expenses, which would reduce our profitability. Also, we compete to attract advertisers. To compete successfully for advertisers, we must continue to invest resources in developing our advertising platform and proving the effectiveness and relevance of our advertising services. Pressure from competitors seeking to acquire a greater share of our advertisers overall marketing budget could adversely affect our pricing and margins, lower our revenue, and increase our research and development and marketing expenses. Our operating results and revenue are subject to fluctuations, and our quarterly financial results may be subject to market cyclicality, each of which could negatively affect our stock price. The real estate market may be influenced by general economic conditions, economic cycles, changes in interest rates, seasonality, and many other factors, which in turn may impact our financial results. The different sectors of the large and fragmented real estate industry, such as office, industrial, retail, multifamily, single family, and others, are influenced differently by different factors, and have historically moved through economic cycles with different timing. As such, it is difficult to estimate the potential impact of economic cycles and conditions or seasonality from year-to-year on our overall operating results. For example, we generally see higher sales of Apartments.com listing services during the peak summer rental season and higher CoStar sales towards the end of the year; however, sales fluctuate from year-to-year and may fluctuate more widely when there are changes in general economic conditions or the industry. The timing of widely observed holidays and vacation periods, particularly slowdowns during the end-of-year holiday period, and availability of real estate agents and related service providers during these periods, could significantly affect our quarterly operating results during that period. If we are unable to adequately respond to economic, seasonal, or cyclical conditions, our revenue, expenses, and operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our operating results, revenue, and expenses may fluctuate for many reasons, including those described in this paragraph and below: Rates of subscriber adoption and retention; Timing of our annual sales conference or significant marketing events; Changes in our pricing strategy and timing of changes; The timing and success of new service introductions and enhancements; 18 The shift of focus from certain services we offer or the phase out of services that overlap or are redundant with other services we offer; The amount and timing of our expenses and capital expenditures; The amount and timing of non-cash stock-based charges; Acquisition-related costs or impairment charges associated with investments and acquisitions; Competition; Changes or consolidation in the real estate industry; Interest rate fluctuations; Execution of our expansion and integration plans; The development of our sales force; Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; Inflation; and Changes in client budgets. These fluctuations could negatively affect our results of operations during the period in question and/or future periods or cause our stock price to decline. In addition, changes in accounting policies or practices may affect our level of net income. Fluctuations in our financial results, revenue, and expenses may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Global economic uncertainties and downturns or a downturn or consolidation in the real estate industry may decrease customer demand for our services and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Global economic uncertainties or downturns could adversely affect our business and results of operations, including financial and credit market fluctuations, changes in economic policy, elevated inflation and responsive actions, elevated interest rates, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, trade uncertainty, political unrest, geographical instability, unanticipated disasters or global health events, or other impacts from the macroeconomic environment. Additionally, tariffs, trade barriers and restrictions, and other acts by governments to protect domestic markets or to retaliate against the trade tariffs and restrictions of other nations could negatively affect our business operations. These macroeconomic conditions could cause a decrease in customer spending and negatively affect the rate of growth of our business. The real estate market may be adversely impacted by many different factors, including lower than expected job growth or job losses resulting in reduced real estate demand; reduced real estate demand due to continued remote work policies or a period of or rising elevated interest rates, elevated inflation, slowing transaction volumes, and other macroeconomic trends that negatively impact investment returns; excessive speculation in new construction in localized markets resulting in increased vacancy rates and diminished rent growth; unanticipated disasters or global health events; and other adverse events such as decreased growth in the working age population resulting in reduced demand for all types of real estate. A downturn in the real estate market, including as a result of increased interest rates or a decline in leasing activity and absorption rates may affect our ability to generate revenue and may lead to more cancellations by our current or future customers, either of which could cause our revenue or our revenue growth rate to decline and reduce our profitability. A depressed real estate market has a negative impact on our core customer base, which could decrease demand for our online marketplaces, information, and analytics. Also, companies in this industry may consolidate, often in order to reduce expenses. Consolidation, or other cost-cutting measures by our customers, may lead to cancellations of our online marketplace services, information, and analytics by our customers, reduce the number of our existing clients, reduce the size of our target market, or increase our clients bargaining power, all of which could cause our revenue to decline and reduce our profitability. If cancellations, reductions of services, and failures to pay increase, and we are unable to offset the resulting decrease in revenue by increasing sales to new or existing customers, our revenue may decline or grow at lower rates. If we are unable to hire qualified persons for, or retain and continue to develop our sales force, or if our sales force is unproductive, our revenue could be adversely affected. In order to support revenue and revenue growth, we need to continue to develop, train, and retain our sales force. Our ability to build and develop a strong sales force may be affected by a number of factors, including: our ability to attract, integrate, and motivate sales personnel; our ability to effectively train our sales force; the ability of our sales force to sell an increased number and different types of services; our ability to manage effectively an outbound telesales group; the length of time it takes new sales personnel to become productive; the competition we face from other companies in hiring and retaining sales personnel; our ability to effectively structure our sales force; and our ability to effectively manage a multi-location sales organization, including field sales personnel. If we shift our sales force from their specialized positions to tackle a certain product or service with higher priority or long-term potential, our revenue growth from other products or services may decline, and we may experience decreased sales force productivity and increased sales force turnover and incur additional retention or hiring costs related to our sales force. If we are unable to hire qualified sales personnel and develop and retain our sales force, including sales force management, or if our sales force is unproductive, our revenue or growth rate could decline and our expenses could increase. We may face additional challenges in hiring employees in an increasingly competitive job market. 19 Our business depends on retaining and attracting highly capable management and operating personnel . Our success depends in large part on our ability to retain and attract management and operating personnel, including our Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Andrew Florance, and our other officers, and key employees. Our business requires highly skilled technical, sales, management, web product and development, marketing, and research personnel, who are in high demand and are often subject to competing offers. The measures we use to attract and retain key personnel may not be enough to attract and retain the personnel we need or to offset the impact on our business of the loss of the services of Mr. Florance or other key officers or employees. If we were to lose the services of Mr. Florance for any reason, there could be a material adverse impact on our operations. The loss of other key personnel, including members of management, as well as key technology, product development, and marketing personnel, could also disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on our business. Our internal and external investments may place downward pressure on our operating margins. To increase our revenue growth, we continue to invest significantly in our business, including internal investments in product and content development to expand the breadth and depth of services we provide to our customers and external investments in sales and marketing to generate brand awareness and traffic to our websites. Our operating margins may experience downward pressure in the short term as a result of these investments. Furthermore, our investments may not produce the expected results. If we are unable to successfully execute our investment strategy, we may experience decreases in our revenue, or revenue growth rate, and operating margins. Introducing new products may be difficult and expensive. If we are unable to do so successfully, our brands may be adversely affected, and we may not be able to maintain or grow our current revenue and profit levels. To remain competitive and stimulate consumer and business demand, we must successfully manage new product introductions and transitions of products and services. Our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to identify demand trends in our markets, and to quickly develop or acquire, market and sell products and services that satisfy these demands in a cost-effective manner. In order to differentiate our products from our competitors products, we must continue to increase our focus and capital investment in research and development and marketing and sales. For example, in February 2024, we launched our Homes.com monetization strategy. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant costs to develop and market Homes.com. If we are unable to attract and retain agent subscribers and consumers, we may not be able to execute our growth plans or recognize a return on the investments we have made into Homes.com. Failure to gain market acceptance for Homes.com or any other new product could impede our ability to maintain or grow current revenue levels or reduce profits for our other brands, adversely affect the image of our brands, erode our competitive position, and result in long-term harm to our business, and financial results. Extrapolations annualizing initial sales results may differ materially from actual results realized in future periods and may not take into account other future market conditions that may negatively affect those results. Additionally, we are in varying stages of development in relation to our products and internal business processes involving AI Technologies, and there can be no assurance that our investments in such technologies will achieve the expected benefits. With respect to our products or services that incorporate AI Technologies, the market for such products and services is rapidly evolving and unproven in many industries, including our own, and important assumptions about the characteristics of targeted markets, pricing, sales cycles, cost, performance, and perceived value associated with our services or products may be inaccurate. Our failure to successfully develop and commercialize our products or services involving AI Technologies could harm our ability to expand our business; provide, improve and diversify our product offerings; continue our operations and efficiently manage our operating expenses; and respond effectively to competitive developments, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We may be unable to increase awareness of our brands, including CoStar, LoopNet, Matterport, BizBuySell, STR, Apartments.com, Homes.com, Land.com, OnTheMarket, and Domain which could adversely affect our business. We rely heavily on our brands, which we believe are key assets of our company. Awareness and differentiation of our brands are important for attracting and expanding the number of users of, and subscribers to, our online marketplaces, such as the LoopNet Network, the Apartments.com Network, the Homes.com, OnTheMarket residential marketplaces, the Land.com Network, and Domain. We continue to invest significantly in sales and marketing as we seek to grow the numbers of users of, subscribers to and advertisers on, our marketplaces. Our methods of advertising may not be successful in increasing brand awareness or, ultimately, be cost-effective. If we are unable to maintain or enhance user and advertiser awareness of our brands, or if we are unable to recover our marketing and advertising costs through increased usage of our services and increased advertising on our websites, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 20 If our websites are not prominently featured in internet search engine results, if internet search engines integrate technologies or adopt ranking methodologies that decrease traffic to our websites, or we are unable to maintain or grow traffic to our marketplaces, our business and operating results could be adversely affected . Our ability to generate revenue from our marketplace business depends, in part, on our ability to attract users to our websites. Google, Bing, DuckDuckGo and other internet search engines drive traffic to our websites, including CoStar.com, the LoopNet Network, the Apartments.com Network, our Homes.com and OnTheMarket residential marketplaces, the Land.com Network, and BizBuySell Network. For example, when a user enters a search query for an apartment building name or address into an internet search engine, the internet search engine s ranking of our Apartments.com or Homes.com webpages will determine how prominently such webpages are displayed on the search engine results page. Our ability to maintain prominent search result rankings and positioning is not entirely within our control. Our competitors SEO and SEM efforts may result in webpages from their websites receiving higher rankings than the webpages from our websites. Internet search engines could revise their algorithms and methodologies in ways that would adversely affect our search result rankings. Internet search engine providers could form partnerships or enter into other business relationships with our competitors resulting in competitors sites receiving higher search result rankings. Internet search engines are increasingly placing alternative search features (such as featured snippets, local map results, and other immersive experiences) on the search engine results page above or more prominently than search engine results. If our search result rankings are not prominently displayed, traffic to our websites may decline which could slow the growth of our user base. Our websites have experienced fluctuations in search result rankings in the past, and we anticipate similar fluctuations will occur in the future. In addition, if internet search engines expand their services into digital real estate marketplaces, they could leverage their scale, user base, and technology to compete with our websites. Such competition could reduce traffic to our websites, limit our marketplaces' visibility to customers, and diminish the value of our advertising and subscription products. If we experience a material reduction in the number of users directed to our websites through internet search engines or otherwise fail to maintain or increase traffic to our marketplaces, our ability to acquire additional subscribers or advertisers and deliver leads to and retain existing subscribers and advertisers could be adversely affected. As a result, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Increases in our operating expenses could negatively impact our operating results if we are unable to generate more revenue through increased sales of subscriptions to our marketplace products. Additionally, the methods, including Google Analytics, that we use to measure average monthly unique visitors to our portals may misstate the actual number of unique persons who visit our network of mobile applications and websites for a given month or may differ from the methods used by competitors, which may impact the comparability of unique visitors between companies. For example, starting on July 1, 2024, Universal Analytics (UA), Google s legacy analytics platform on which we historically relied for calculating monthly average unique visitors, was discontinued by Google. Prior to June 1, 2024, we measured average monthly unique visitors for all CoStar Group sites using Google s Universal Analytics. Beginning June 1, 2024, average monthly unique visitors are measured using Google Analytics 4 (GA4), the replacement for Universal Analytics. Due to the change in methodologies, unique visitors reported prior to June 1, 2024 may not provide a meaningful comparison to unique visitors in subsequent periods. If real estate professionals or other advertisers reduce or cancel their advertising spending with us and we are unable to attract new advertisers, our operating results would be harmed. Our marketplace businesses, including the LoopNet Network, the Apartments.com Network, the Homes.com, OnTheMarket and Domain residential marketplaces, and the Land.com Network, depend on advertising revenue generated primarily through sales to persons in the real estate industry, including broker, agents, property managers and owners, real estate agents, and other advertisers. Our ability to attract and retain advertisers, and ultimately to generate advertising revenue, depends on a number of factors, including: Increasing the number of unique visitors to, and users of, our websites and mobile applications; The quantity and quality of the leads that we provide to our advertisers; The success of any marketing and product development efforts directed at attracting additional users and advertisers to our marketplaces; Keeping pace with changes in technology and with our competitors; and Offering an attractive return on investment to our advertisers for their advertising dollars spent with us. Further, with respect to the Apartments.com Network and LoopNet Network, our ability to attract and retain advertisers also depends on the current apartment rental market and apartment vacancy rates and commercial rental market and vacancy rates, respectively. If vacancy rates are too high or too low, advertisers may not need to utilize our marketplace services. Many of the advertisers who advertise on our marketplaces do not have long-term contracts. These advertisers could choose to modify or discontinue their relationships with us with little or no advance notice. As existing subscriptions for advertising expire, we may not be successful in renewing these subscriptions or securing new subscriptions. We may not succeed in retaining existing advertisers spending or capturing a greater share of such spending if we are unable to convince advertisers of the effectiveness of our services as compared to alternatives. In addition, future changes to our pricing methodology for advertising services may cause advertisers to reduce or discontinue their advertising with us. If current 21 advertisers reduce or end their advertising spending with us and we are unable to attract new advertisers, our advertising revenue and business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. If we are not able to successfully identify, finance, integrate, and/or manage costs related to acquisitions, our business operations and financial position could be adversely affected. We have expanded our markets and services in part through acquisitions of complementary businesses, services, databases, and technologies, and expect to continue to do so in the future. Our acquisition strategy depends on our ability to identify, and the availability of, suitable acquisition candidates. We are likely to incur costs in connection with proposed acquisitions, but may ultimately be unable or unwilling to consummate any particular proposed transaction for various reasons. For example, in 2021, the FTC withheld approval for our proposed acquisition of RentPath, the purchase agreement was subsequently terminated, and we incurred a termination fee of $52 million. We are also likely to incur severance costs and other integration costs post acquisition. Costs in connection with acquisitions and integrations may be higher than expected and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, or prospects of the combined business. In addition, acquisitions involve numerous risks, including risks that we will not be able to realize or capitalize on synergies created through combinations; manage the integration of personnel and products or services; manage the integration of acquired infrastructure and controls; control potential increases in operating costs; manage geographically remote operations; maintain management s attention on other business concerns and avoid potential disruptions in ongoing operations during an acquisition process or integration efforts; successfully enter markets and sectors in which we have either limited or no direct experience, including foreign markets whose practices, regulations, or laws may pose increased risk; and retain key employees, clients, or vendors, and other business partners of the acquired companies. We may not successfully integrate acquired businesses or assets and may not achieve anticipated benefits of an acquisition, including expected synergies. For example, we may be unable to fully integrate OnTheMarket, Visual Lease, Matterport, and Domain with CoStar Group when and as expected. We were previously subject to a consent order agreed to among the FTC staff, CoStar Group, and LoopNet on April 17, 2012 in connection with the LoopNet merger. This consent order expired in August 2022, but if we become subject to similar orders in the future, compliance with such orders could prevent us from closing certain acquisitions or add significant time and cost to such acquisitions, ultimately making an acquisition prohibitive or preventing us from realizing its anticipated benefits. External factors, such as compliance with laws and regulations and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful integration of an acquired business. An acquired business could strain our system of internal controls and diminish its effectiveness. Acquisitions could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt and substantial amortization expenses of other intangible assets. We may be unable to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at all, if necessary to finance future acquisitions, making it impossible or more costly to complete future acquisitions. If we are able to obtain financing, the terms may be onerous and restrict our operations. Further, certain acquisitions may be subject to regulatory approval, which can be time-consuming and costly to obtain or may be denied. If regulatory approval is obtained, the terms of any such approval may impose limitations on our ongoing operations or require us to divest assets or lines of business. If regulatory approval is denied, we may incur significant additional costs payable to an acquisition target as a result of failure to close the transaction. Significant break-up fees incurred in the future may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. As a result of our acquisitions, we had approximately $6.7 billion of goodwill and intangibles as of December 31, 2025. Future acquisitions may increase this amount. If we are required to recognize goodwill and intangibles impairment charges in the future, this would negatively affect our financial results in the periods of such charges, which may reduce our profitability. We may not be able to complete certain strategic transactions if a proposed transaction is subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to applicable laws or regulations. Certain potential acquisitions, divestitures or other business combinations that we may pursue could be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to applicable laws or regulations. In particular, in the U.S., mergers may require certain filings and review by the Department of Justice or the FTC. In recent years, there has been enhanced regulatory scrutiny over certain of these transactions. In the event that we were to make an investment, acquisition, or disposition that was determined to be subject to regulatory review, and such regulatory approval or clearance is not obtained, or the review process is extended beyond the period of time that would permit such strategic transactions to be consummated, we may not be able to consummate such strategic transactions or counterparties may be deterred from pursuing potential strategic transactions with us. This may impair our ability to raise capital when needed and to pursue accretive transactions, which is an important part of our business model, and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. This may also subject us to significant and increased costs, expenses and fees, including, without limitation, legal, accounting, and financial advisory fees, as well as fees and expenses related to potential litigation costs or financing commitments. We may be unable to realize the benefits of the acquisition of either Matterport or Domain, which could have an adverse effect on us. On February 28, 2025, the Company completed the Matterport Acquisition, and on August 27, 2025, the Company 22 completed the Domain Acquisition. Following the acquisition of both companies, we have lost and can continue to lose key employees, incur higher than expected costs, anticipate the diversion of management attention, or the disruption of our ongoing businesses, which may adversely affect the combined company s ability to maintain relationships with customers, vendors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. We have incurred, and we will continue to incur, transaction fees, including legal, regulatory, and other costs associated with closing the transaction, as well as expenses related to formulating and implementing integration plans, including systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs. We may be unable to offset transaction and integration-related costs with the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the business. The success of the Matterport Acquisition and Domain Acquisition will depend in part on our ability to realize the anticipated business opportunities and growth prospects from combining our business with that of Matterport and Domain. We may never realize these business opportunities and growth prospects in the time frame expected, or at all. We do not have experience in Matterport s business in 3D digital technology or in manufacturing cameras. Matterport s business is also subject to risks and uncertainties. There can be no assurances we will have success in these industries. Integrating operations will require significant efforts and expenditures. If we are unable to successfully or timely integrate Matterport s or Domain's business with ours, we may be unable to realize the growth, synergies, and other anticipated benefits resulting from the acquisition and our business could be adversely affected. If third-party suppliers upon which Matterport relies are not able to fulfill its needs, Matterport s ability to timely and cost effectively bring its hardware products to market could be affected. Matterport relies on a limited number of suppliers to supply its hardware components for its cameras and other hardware products, including in some cases only a single supplier for some products and components. This reliance on a limited number of manufacturers increases its risks, since Matterport does not currently have proven reliable alternative or replacement manufacturers beyond these key parties. In the event of interruption, we may not be able to increase capacity from other sources or develop alternate or secondary sources, and if such sources become available, they may result in material additional costs and substantial delays. Unexpected changes in business conditions, materials pricing, labor issues, wars, trade policies, natural disasters, health epidemics, trade and shipping disruptions, port congestions, and other factors beyond our or our suppliers control could also affect these suppliers ability to deliver components to us or to remain solvent and operational. Such disruptions could adversely affect our business if we are not able to meet customer demands. In addition, some of our suppliers are located in China. Our access to suppliers in China may be limited or impaired as a result of tariffs, including those that have been recently introduced by the current U.S. administration, or other government restrictions in response to geopolitical factors. There is no guarantee we may be able to continually use alternative suppliers and alternative parts as we scale production to meet our growth targets. Additionally, if our suppliers do not accurately forecast and effectively allocate production or if they are not willing to allocate sufficient production to us, it may reduce our access to components and require us to search for new suppliers. The unavailability of any component or supplier could result in production delays, idle manufacturing facilities, product design changes, and loss of access to important technology and tools for producing and supporting our products, as well as impact our capacity expansion and our ability to fulfill our obligations under customer contracts. Moreover, new product launches or product design changes by us have required, and may in the future require, us to procure additional components in a short amount of time. Our suppliers may not be willing or able to sustainably meet our timelines or our cost, quality, and volume needs, or to do so may cost us more, which may require us to replace them with other sources. If we face supply constraints for any of the reasons described above, it may not be possible to obtain or increase supplies on acceptable terms, which may undermine our ability to satisfy customer demands in a timely manner. For example, it may take a significant amount of time to identify a manufacturer that has the capability and resources to build and supply necessary hardware components in sufficient volume. Identifying suitable suppliers can be an extensive process that requires us to become satisfied with our suppliers quality control, technical capabilities, responsiveness and service, financial stability, regulatory compliance, and labor and other ethical practices. Accordingly, a loss of any significant suppliers or manufacturers would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could result in material harm to our reputation, business, and financial condition. Our business relies on IT Systems and involves the generation, collection, storage, processing, and transmission of Confidential Information, including personal information and proprietary business information, by us and by third-party providers we rely on. We own and manage IT Systems but also rely on third-party managed IT Systems that we do not control and a broad array of third-party products and services to support our business operations. Because we make extensive use of third-party service providers, such as cloud and SaaS services, significant cyberattacks that disrupt or result in unauthorized access to third-party IT Systems could materially impact our operations and financial results. 23 Tools and techniques (including AI) used to obtain unauthorized, improper, or illegal access to a target s systems, data, or customers data, disable or degrade services, or sabotage systems are constantly evolving and have become increasingly complex and sophisticated. It is increasingly difficult to detect, investigate, and remediate cyber-attacks, and attacks often are not recognized or detected until after they have been launched against a target. We expect that unauthorized parties will continue to attempt to gain access to or disrupt our IT systems or facilities through various means, including hacking into IT Systems or facilities or those of our customers or vendors, installing malware (including ransomware) or attempting to fraudulently induce (for example, through spear phishing attacks or social engineering) our employees, customers, vendors, or other users of IT Systems into disclosing access credentials or other sensitive information to access our IT Systems. Numerous and evolving cybersecurity risks, including from diverse threat actors, such as state-sponsored organizations, opportunistic hackers and hacktivists, as well as through diverse attack vectors, such as advanced cyberattacks, phishing, social engineering schemes, malware (including ransomware), malfeasance by insiders, human or technological error, and as a result of bugs, misconfigurations, or exploited vulnerabilities in software or hardware, could threaten the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of Confidential Information and our IT systems. Efforts by us, our customers, our vendors and other users of our IT Systems to prevent, detect, and respond to data security incidents cannot guarantee protection due to attackers increasingly using tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, to avoid detection, and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. There can be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, including our policies, controls, or procedures, will be fully implemented, complied with or effective in protecting our IT Systems and Confidential Information. Our IT Systems are vulnerable to cyberattacks and security breaches involving our customers or our employees Confidential Information, including personal or proprietary information, that is stored on or accessible through those systems. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience in the future, cyberattacks as well as breaches of our security measures due to human error, malfeasance, system errors or vulnerabilities, or other irregularities. In the past, for example, one of our vendors providing IT infrastructure management software was compromised by cyberattacks. We are also regularly exposed to vulnerabilities in widely deployed third-party software that we use in the ordinary course of business. Moreover, given the nature of complex software and services like ours, and the scanning tools that we deploy across our networks, infrastructure, and products, we regularly identify and track security vulnerabilities. We are unable to comprehensively apply patches or confirm that measures are in place to mitigate all such vulnerabilities, or that patches will be applied before vulnerabilities are exploited by a threat actor. To date, these cyberattacks and vulnerabilities have not had a material adverse effect on our operations, but there can be no guarantee that material attacks or incidents will not occur in the future. In the past three years, we have not experienced a material cybersecurity incident, but any actual or perceived cybersecurity incidents or breaches of our security could result in any or all of the following, among other things, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations: Interruption of our operations; Unavailability of our systems or services; Unauthorized or improper disclosures of data; Unauthorized or improper payments; Harm to our reputation and brands; Data breach notification requirements, regulatory scrutiny, enforcement actions, legal proceedings and claims, (including class action lawsuits), and other legal and financial exposure; Remediation, system restoration, incident response, and compliance costs; Loss of customer confidence in, or decreased use of, our products and services; Diversion of the attention of management from the operation of our business; and Contractual penalties or other payments as a result of third-party losses or claims. In addition, significant cyberattacks or data security breaches affecting companies that we acquire and/or that provide us services (including data center and cloud computing providers) could materially impact our business. Further, we may not be able to recover any or all damages suffered as a result of security breaches or other security incidents from such third-party providers. The coverage under our insurance policies for cybersecurity and related issues may not be adequate to reimburse us for losses caused by cyberattacks or other security incidents or be available on economically reasonable terms or at all. Technical problems or disruptions that affect either our customers ability to access our services, or the software, internal applications, database, and network systems underlying our services, could damage our reputation and lead to reduced demand for our online marketplace services, information, and analytics, lower revenue and increase costs. Our business, brands, and reputation depend upon the satisfactory performance, reliability, and availability of our websites, the internet and 24 our service providers. Interruptions in these systems, whether due to system failures, computer viruses, software errors, physical or electronic break-ins, or malicious hacks or attacks on our systems (such as denial of service attacks or use of malware such as ransomware) could affect the security and availability of our services on our mobile applications and our websites and prevent or inhibit users access to our services. Our operations also depend on our ability to protect our databases, computers, and software, telecommunications equipment, and facilities against damage from potential dangers such as fire, flood, power loss, security breaches, computer viruses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, electronic and physical break-ins, computer viruses, earthquakes, and similar events. In addition, the software, internal applications, and systems underlying our services are complex and may not be error-free. We may encounter technical problems when we attempt to enhance our software, internal applications, and systems. Our users rely on our services to conduct their own businesses. Disruptions in, technical problems with, or reductions in ability to access our services for any reason could damage our users businesses, harm our reputation, result in additional costs, or reduce demand for our online marketplace services, information, and analytics, any of which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. AWS and ACC are distributed computing infrastructure platforms for business operations, commonly referred to as cloud computing services. We currently run a majority of our computing on AWS and ACC and have built our software and computer systems to use computing, storage capabilities, bandwidth, and other services provided by AWS and ACC. Given this, any significant disruption of or interference with AWS or ACC, whether temporary, regular, or prolonged, would negatively impact our operations and our business. We also maintain communications, network, and computer hardware used to operate some of our mobile applications and websites at facilities in Virginia and California. We do not own or control the operation of certain of these facilities. Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power loss, security breaches, computer viruses, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, acts of war, electronic and physical break-ins, earthquakes, and similar events. These risks may be increased with respect to operations housed at facilities we do not own or control. The occurrence of any of the foregoing events could result in damage to our systems and hardware or could cause them to fail completely, and our insurance may not cover such events or may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. A failure of our systems at any site could result in reduced functionality for our users, and a total failure of our systems could cause our mobile applications or websites to be inaccessible. Problems faced or caused by our information technology service providers, including content distribution network providers, private network providers, internet service providers, and third-party web-hosting providers, or with the systems by which they allocate capacity among their customers (as applicable), could adversely affect the experience of our users. Any financial difficulties, such as bankruptcy reorganization, faced by these third-party service providers or any of the service providers with whom they contract may have negative effects on our business, the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict. If our third-party service providers are unable to keep up with our growing needs for capacity, our business could be harmed. In addition, if distribution channels for our mobile applications experience disruptions, such disruptions could adversely affect the ability of users and potential users to access or update our mobile applications, which could harm our business. Our business interruption insurance may not cover certain events or may be insufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to the future growth of our business, which may result from interruptions in our service as a result of system failures or malicious attacks. Any errors, defects, disruptions, or other performance problems with our services could harm our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. The significant costs associated with undertaking a large infrastructure project to build out our campus in Richmond, Virginia, have impacted and will continue to impact our financial condition and results of operations. In December 2021, we announced our plans to expand our research and technology center in Richmond, Virginia. These plans have required and will continue to require significant capital expenditures over the next several years and our business plans may change. Future changes in growth or fluctuations in cash flow may also negatively impact our ability to finance this project. Additionally, actual capital expenditures could vary materially from our projected capital expenditures, which could negatively impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. If we are provided with any grants, tax credits, abatements, or other incentives related to this expansion effort and do not meet requirements associated with those incentives, we may not be able to benefit from those incentives, which could cause the cost of the project to be significantly more than anticipated or significantly increase our taxes above what we currently expect. To date, we have financed construction with cash on hand and plan to finance the remainder of construction in the same way. Use of cash on hand to finance construction has and will continue to reduce the amount of cash available for other corporate uses and could also reduce our ability to meet our scheduled debt service obligations or to meet the covenants required to borrow additional funds under our 2024 Credit Agreement. Any of the foregoing may adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 25 Our current or future geographic expansion plans may not result in increased revenue, which may negatively impact our business, results of operations, and financial position. Expanding into new markets and increasing the depth of our coverage in existing markets imposes additional burdens on our research, systems development, sales, marketing, and general managerial resources. If we are unable to manage our expansion efforts effectively, if our expansion efforts take longer or are more expensive than planned, or we are not successful in marketing and selling our services in existing or new markets, our expansion may have a material adverse effect on our financial position by increasing our expenses without increasing our revenue. We are subject to a number of risks related to acceptance of credit cards and debit cards and facilitation of other customer payments. We depend on processing vendors to process a significant number of credit and debit card transactions and ACH payments, for payments made to us directly by customers for our services, by renters to landlords using our online leasing services, or by real estate agents to purchase our Homes.com services. If we or any one or more of these service providers fail to maintain adequate systems to authorize and process credit card transactions, one or more of the major credit card companies could disallow our continued use of their payment products. If we are unable to maintain our chargeback rate or refund rates at acceptable levels, our processing vendors may increase our transaction fees or terminate their relationships with us. We could lose customers if we are not able to continue to use payment products of the major credit card companies. Further, if we or any one or more of these service providers fail to maintain adequate systems for authorization and processing of credit, debit, ACH or similar payments, or if any such service provider were to terminate or modify its relationship with us unexpectedly, our ability to process those customer transactions would be adversely affected, which could decrease sales, discourage customers away from our marketplace services, result in potential legal liability, and harm our business and reputation. In addition, if the systems for the authorization and processing of credit card transactions fail to work properly and, as a result, we do not charge our customers credit cards on a timely basis or at all, our business, revenue, results of operations, and financial condition could be harmed. We are also subject to payment card association operating rules, certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted in ways that make it more difficult for us to comply. We are required to comply with payment card industry security standards. Failing to comply with those standards may violate payment card association operating rules, federal and state laws and regulations, and the terms of our contracts with payment processors. Any failure to comply also may subject us to fines, penalties, damages, and civil liability, and may result in the loss of our ability to accept credit and debit card payments. Further, there is no guarantee that such compliance will prevent illegal or improper use of our payment systems or the theft, loss, or misuse of data pertaining to credit and debit cards, cardholders, and transactions. The payment methods that we offer also subject us to potential fraud and theft by criminals, who are becoming increasingly sophisticated, seeking to obtain unauthorized access to or exploit weaknesses that may exist in the payment systems. If we fail to comply with applicable rules or requirements for the payment methods we accept, or if payment-related data are compromised due to a breach of data, we may be liable for significant costs incurred by payment card issuing banks and other third parties or subject to fines and higher transaction fees, or our ability to accept or facilitate certain types of payments may be impaired. In addition, our customers could lose confidence in certain payment types, which may result in a shift to other payment types or potential changes to our payment systems that may result in higher costs. If we fail to adequately control fraudulent payment transactions, we may face civil liability, diminished public perception of our security measures, loss of customers, and higher costs, each of which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If we are unable to maintain our chargeback rate or refund rates at acceptable levels, our processing vendors may increase our transaction fees or terminate their relationships with us. Any increases in our credit and debit card fees could harm our results of operations, particularly if we elect not to raise our rates for our services to offset the increase. The termination of our ability to process payments on any major credit or debit card would significantly impair our ability to operate our business. Climate-related events and other events beyond our control could harm our business. Natural disasters, disease outbreaks and pandemics, power shortages, terrorism, political unrest, telecommunications failure, vandalism, geopolitical instability, war, climate related events, and other events beyond our control could negatively impact our operations or otherwise harm our business. Such events may result in damage or loss of service to our data centers or other infrastructure that our operations rely on, potentially reducing the attractiveness of real estate in areas we provide services, causing delays in product development or availability, or result in losses of critical data, any of which may adversely impact our operations. In addition, the impacts of climate-related events on the global economy and our industry are rapidly evolving. Physical impacts of climate-related events (including, but not limited to, floods, droughts, more frequent and/or intense storms, and wildfires) may disrupt our operations, as well as the operations of our suppliers and customers. Longer-term physical impacts may also result in changing consumer preferences, which may adversely impact demand for certain of our products. Transition impacts of climate-related events can also subject us to increased regulations, reporting requirements (such as the State of California disclosure rules and the European Union s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive), standards, or expectations 26 regarding the environmental and/or social impacts, risks, and opportunities of our business. Failure to disclose accurate information in a timely manner may also adversely affect our reputation, business, or financial performance. Attention to corporate responsibility matters may require us to incur additional costs or otherwise adversely impact our business. Any engagement in voluntary initiatives (including disclosures) to improve our corporate responsibility profile and respond to stakeholder expectations, can be costly, subject to conditions outside our control, and fail to have the desired effects. For example, many corporate responsibility initiatives leverage methodologies and data that are complex and continue to evolve. As with other companies, our approach to such matters also evolves, and we cannot guarantee that our approach will align with any particular stakeholder s expectations or preferences. Moreover, various stakeholders have different, and at times conflicting expectations. For example, while some policymakers have adopted requirements for various disclosures or actions on climate or other corporate responsibility matters, policymakers in other jurisdictions have adopted laws to constrain consideration of corporate responsibility matters in certain circumstances. Additional actions may be taken by both proponents and opponents of corporate responsibility matters to advance their expectations. Any failure to successfully navigate such expectations may result in adverse impacts. Responding to such matters entails inherent costs, and any failure to successfully navigate such expectations could adversely impact our business. Various of our customers, suppliers, and other stakeholders are also subject to such expectations, which may result in additional or augmented risks to our business. Risks related to our data, intellectual property, and listings If we are not able to obtain and maintain accurate, comprehensive, or reliable data, we could experience reduced demand for our online marketplace services, information, and analytics. Our success depends on our clients confidence in the comprehensiveness, accuracy, and reliability of the data and analysis we provide. Establishing and maintaining accurate and reliable data and analysis is challenging. If our data, including the data we obtain from third parties or directly from brokers through the Marketing Center feature on CoStar and LoopNet, or analysis is not current, accurate, comprehensive, or reliable, we could experience reduced demand for our services or be subject to legal claims by our customers, either of which could result in lower revenue and higher expenses. If we are no longer able to obtain certain data from third parties or from brokers, our brands and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially impacted. If we are unable to enforce or defend our ownership and use of intellectual property, our business, brands, competitive position, and operating results could be harmed. The success of our business depends in large part on our intellectual property, including intellectual property involved in our methodologies, databases, services, and software. We rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret, patent, copyright, and other laws, nondisclosure and noncompetition provisions, license agreements, and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect our intellectual property rights. However, current law may not provide for adequate protection of our databases and the actual data. In addition, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of proprietary rights in internet-related businesses are uncertain and evolving, and changes in these standards may adversely impact the viability or value of our proprietary rights. We find our proprietary content on competitors sites. If we are not successful in protecting our intellectual property, including our content, our brands and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be harmed. The same would be true if a court found that our services infringe other persons intellectual property rights. Any intellectual property lawsuits or threatened lawsuits in which we are involved, either as a plaintiff or as a defendant, have cost us and could continue to cost us a significant amount of time and money and distract management s attention from operating our business. In addition, if we do not prevail on an intellectual property claim, this could result in a change to our methodology or online marketplace services, information, and analytics, and could reduce our profitability. Effective trademark, trade secret, patent, and copyright protection may not be available in every country in which we provide our services. The laws of certain countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. and, therefore, in certain jurisdictions, we may be unable to protect our intellectual property and our proprietary technology adequately against unauthorized third-party copying or use, which could harm our competitive position. This risk will increase as we continue to expand our business into new international jurisdictions. Use of new and evolving technologies, including AI, could impact our ability to protect our data and intellectual property from misappropriation by third parties. We have expended significant resources to develop proprietary content and any misappropriation of our data could reduce the value of that content or our return on investment related to that content, which could harm our competitive position and results of operations. Third parties may misappropriate our data through website scraping, robots, or other means, and aggregate and display this data on their websites. In addition, copycat websites may misappropriate data on our website and attempt to imitate our brands or the functionality of our website. We may not be able to detect all such websites in a timely manner and, even if we could, technological and legal measures available to us may be insufficient to stop their operations and the misappropriation of our data. Any measures that we may take to enforce our rights 27 could require us to expend significant financial or other resources. AI Technologies are becoming increasingly powerful and sophisticated, and third parties (including our competitors) and copycat websites may utilize AI Technologies to misappropriate our data more quickly and at a larger scale than in the past. Use of AI also increases the risk of cyberattacks and data breaches, which can occur more quickly and evolve more rapidly when AI Technologies are used. Additionally, the scope of intellectual property protection in the field of AI and machine learning is currently under development, and there is uncertainty and ongoing litigation in different jurisdictions as to the degree and extent of protection warranted for AI and machine learning systems and their relevant system outputs. For example, the law is uncertain across jurisdictions regarding the copyright ownership of content that is produced in whole or in part by generative AI tools. If we fail to obtain protection for the intellectual property rights concerning our AI Technologies or their outputs that we seek to claim as proprietary, or later have our intellectual property rights invalidated or otherwise diminished, which could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial condition. Further, the use of AI Technologies, whether by us or by third parties, may increase the risk that our data, intellectual property or confidential information will be inadvertently disclosed, which may result in reputational harm, competitive harm, or legal liability and adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We may be subject to legal liability for collecting, displaying, or distributing information, or integrating generative AI Technologies in our products and services. Because the content in our database is collected from various sources and distributed to others, we may be subject to claims for breach of contract, defamation, negligence, unfair competition, or copyright or trademark infringement or claims based on other theories, such as breach of laws related to privacy and data protection. We could also be subject to claims based upon the content that is accessible from our website through links to other websites or information on our website supplied by third parties. Even if these claims do not result in liability to us, we could incur significant costs in investigating and defending against any claims, and we could be subject to public notice requirements that may affect our reputation. Our potential liability for information distributed by us to others could require us to implement measures to reduce our exposure to such liability, which may require us to expend substantial resources and limit the attractiveness of our online marketplaces, information, and analytics to users. These risks may be exacerbated from impacts, or perceived impacts, of emerging technologies (including, but not limited to, AI Technologies integrated into our products and services). There is a risk that the generative AI Technologies (i.e., AI Technologies that can produce and output new content, software code, data and information) that we incorporate into our products and services could produce inaccurate or misleading content or other discriminatory or unexpected results or behaviors, such as hallucinatory behavior that can generate irrelevant, nonsensical, or factually incorrect results, all of which could harm our reputation, business, or customer relationships. Measures designed to ensure the accuracy of such AI generated content, may not always be successful, and in some cases, we may need to rely on end users to report such inaccuracies. In addition, in the EU, the DSA governs, among other things, our potential liability for illegal services/products or content on our platforms, obligations around traceability of business users, and requires enhanced transparency measures, including in relation to any recommendation systems (including the main parameters used by such systems and any available options for recipients to modify or influence them). Further, the DSA contains general requirements that user interfaces may not deceive or manipulate users which are yet to be clarified further by guidance. Similarly, in the United Kingdom, the OSA establishes an extensive regulatory framework for certain user-to-user and search services and imposes obligations to protect users from illegal content . The DSA and the OSA may increase our compliance costs, require changes to our user interfaces, processes, operations, and business practices which may adversely affect our ability to attract, retain and provide our services to customers, and may otherwise adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition. Failure to comply with the DSA can result in fines of up to 6% of total annual worldwide turnover and recipients of services have the right to seek compensation from providers in respect of damage or loss suffered due to infringement by the provider to comply with the DSA, and failure to comply with the OSA can result in fines of up to 10% of total annual worldwide turnover or 18 million, whichever is higher. If we are unable to obtain or retain listings from real estate brokers, agents, property owners, and apartment property managers, our marketplace services could be less attractive to current or potential customers, which could reduce our revenue. The value of our real estate marketplace services to our customers depends on our ability to increase the number of property listings provided and searches conducted. As the number of listings increases, so does the utility of a marketplace s search, listing, and marketing services. We depend substantially on brokers, agents, property owners and, in the case of apartment rentals, property managers to submit listings to our marketplaces. If these parties choose not to continue their listings with us, or choose to list them with a competitor, our marketplace services could be less attractive to other real estate industry transaction participants, resulting in reduced revenue. We may not be able to maintain or establish relationships with third-party listing providers, which could limit the information we have to power our products and services and impair our ability to maintain stable data feeds and attract or 28 retain customers. Our ability to attract agents and consumers to Homes.com, its websites, and mobile applications, and other residential real estate tools depends, to some degree, on us providing timely access to comprehensive and accurate real estate listings and information. We get listings data primarily from MLSs in the markets we serve. We also source listings data from public records, other third-party listing providers, and other sources. Many of our agreements with real estate listing providers may be terminated with limited notice or cause. Many of our competitors and other real estate websites have similar access to MLSs and listing data and may be able to source certain real estate information faster or more efficiently than we can. Because MLS participation is voluntary, brokers and homeowners may decline to post their listings data to their local MLS or may seek to change or limit the way that data is distributed. Another industry participant or group could create a new listings data service, which could impact the relative quality or quantity of information of our listing providers. The loss of existing relationships with MLSs and other listing providers, whether due to termination of agreements, loss of MLS memberships, or otherwise, changes to our rights to use or timely access listing data or an inability to continue to add new listing providers or changes to the way real estate information is shared, may negatively impact our listing data quality and our ability to maintain stable data feeds. Data feeds could also be disrupted as a result of class action lawsuits, settlements, or governmental investigations involving the MLSs or other industry organizations, regardless of whether we are involved. This could markedly decrease the quantity and quality of the sale and rental data we provide, reduce customer confidence in our products and services, and cause customers to go elsewhere for real estate listings and information, which could severely harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If we fail to comply with the rules and compliance requirements of MLSs, our access to and use of listings data may be restricted or terminated and we may be unable to maintain stable data feeds . Our products and services access and use listings data through MLS memberships and must comply with each MLS s rules and compliance requirements to maintain their access to listings data and remain a member in good standing. Each MLS has adopted its own rules, policies, and agreement terms governing, among other things, how MLS data may be used and how listings data must be displayed on our websites and mobile applications. MLS members are also subject to compliance operations requirements and, as a result, must respond to complaints lodged by the MLS or other MLS participants on required timelines. MLS rules vary among markets and are in some cases inconsistent between MLSs, such that we are required to customize our websites, mobile applications, or services to accommodate differences between MLS rules. Handling complaints received by MLS members across markets may create heightened operational or financial risks with short response and resolution deadlines. Complying with the rules and compliance requirements of each MLS requires significant investment, including personnel, technology, and development resources, and the exercise of considerable judgment. Rules and compliance requirements of MLSs may be changed across markets, including potential for targeted changes in response to our operations. If we are deemed to be noncompliant with an MLS s rules or to have provided improper responses to or resolution of complaints, we may face disciplinary sanctions by that MLS, which could include monetary fines, restricting, or terminating our access to that MLS s data, or other disciplinary measures. Data feeds could also be disrupted as a result of class action lawsuits, settlements, or governmental investigations involving the MLSs or other industry organizations, regardless of whether we are involved. The loss or degradation of this listings data could materially and adversely affect traffic to our websites and mobile applications, which could severely harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Some of our products or services contain third-party open source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to deliver our products or services or subject us to litigation or other action s . Some of our products or services contain software components licensed to us by third-party authors under open source licenses, and we expect to continue to incorporate such open source software in our products in the future. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification, or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for others to compromise these products and introduce malware into our supply chain. 29 Some open source components used in the development of our products and services contain licenses requiring that we make portions of our source code publicly available or grant other licenses to our intellectual property. We seek to ensure that our proprietary software is not combined with, and does not incorporate, open source software in ways that would require the release of the source code of our proprietary software to the public. However, if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. This would allow our competitors or new entrants to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of our competitive advantages. Alternatively, to avoid the public release of the affected portions of our source code, we could be required to expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some or all of our software. For example, our Matterport platform incorporates software that is licensed under open source licenses, which could require release of proprietary code if such platform was released or distributed in any manner that would trigger such a requirement to third parties. Additionally, some open source projects have vulnerabilities and architectural instabilities and are provided without warranties or support services to actively provide us with patched versions when available, and which, if not properly addressed, could negatively affect the performance of the platform. The terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our products or services. From time to time, there have been claims challenging the ownership of open source software against companies that incorporate open source software into their products or services, and the licensors of such open source software provide no warranties or indemnities with respect to such claims. As a result, we could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software. Moreover, we cannot assure you that our processes for monitoring and managing our use of open source software in our products and services will be effective. If we are held to have breached or failed to fully comply with all the terms and conditions of an open source software license, or if an author or other third party that distributes such open source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of one or more of these licenses, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending against such allegations, subject to significant damages, enjoined from the sale of subscriptions to certain products or services, or other liability, or required to seek costly licenses from third parties to continue providing our products or services on terms that, if available at all, are not economically feasible, to re-engineer our products or services, to discontinue or delay the provision of our products or services if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis, or to make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Risks related to our international operations International operations expose us to additional business risks, which may reduce our profitability. Our international operations and expansion subject us to additional business, regulatory, and economic risks, including: currency exchange rate fluctuations; difficulty in adapting to the differing business practices and laws in foreign countries, including differing laws regarding privacy data protection and technology regulation; difficulty in managing foreign operations; limited protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods; costs of enforcing contractual obligations; impact of recessions in economies outside the U.S.; geopolitical instability, terrorism, and war; and potentially adverse tax consequences. In addition, international expansion imposes additional burdens on our executive and administrative personnel, systems development, research, and sales departments, and general managerial resources. If we are not able to manage our international operations successfully, we may incur higher expenses and our profitability may be reduced. Finally, the investment required for additional international expansion sometimes exceeds the profit generated from such expansion, which reduces our profitability and may adversely affect our financial position. Fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates may negatively impact our business, results of operations, and financial position. A portion of our business is denominated in foreign currencies. We translate sales and other results denominated in foreign currency into U.S. dollars for our financial statements. During periods of a strengthening U.S. dollar, our reported international sales and earnings could be reduced because foreign currencies may translate into fewer U.S. dollars. Foreign currency exchange rates have fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate. Significant foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may negatively impact our international revenue, which in turn affects our consolidated revenue. Currently, we are not party to any hedging transactions intended to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. We may seek to enter into hedging transactions in the future, but we may be unable to enter into these transactions successfully, on acceptable terms or at all. We cannot predict whether we will incur foreign exchange losses in the future. Further, significant foreign exchange rate fluctuations resulting in a decline in the respective local currency may decrease the value of our foreign assets, as well as decrease our revenue and earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, which would reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position. 30 Risks related to our indebtedness We have a significant amount of indebtedness, which could decrease our flexibility and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. As of December 31, 2025, we had $1.0 billion of Senior Notes outstanding and an additional approximately $1.1 billion available to be drawn under the 2024 Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the 2024 Credit Agreement bear interest at varying rates and expose us to interest rate risk. There can be no assurance that our future cash flows will be sufficient to make payments of interest or principal on the Senior Notes or any amounts due and payable under the 2024 Credit Agreement. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Furthermore, we may incur substantial additional indebtedness, including secured indebtedness, and if we incur additional indebtedness or other liabilities, the related risks that we face could intensify. The 2024 Credit Agreement contains customary restrictive covenants imposing operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions that may limit our ability to engage in acts that we believe may be in our long-term best interests. These covenants restrict our ability and the ability of ou