=== POOL_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Form 10-K. Also see Cautionary Statement for Purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 prior to the heading Risk Factors in Item 1A. 30 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES Critical accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of our critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board. Our critical accounting estimates are discussed below, including, to the extent material and reasonably available, the impact such estimates have had, or are reasonably likely to have, on our financial condition or results of operations. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts based on an estimate of the losses we will incur if our customers do not make required payments. We perform periodic credit evaluations of our customers and typically do not require collateral. Consistent with industry practices, we generally require payment from our North American customers within 30 days, except for sales under early buy programs for which we provide extended payment terms to qualified customers. The extended terms usually require payments in equal installments in April, May and June or May and June, depending on geographic location. Credit losses have generally been within or better than our expectations. Similar to our business, our customers businesses are seasonal. Sales are lowest in the winter months and our past due accounts receivable balance as a percentage of total receivables generally increases during this time. We provide reserves for uncollectible accounts based on our accounts receivable aging. These reserves range from 0.05% for amounts currently due to up to 100% for specific accounts more than 60 days past due. At the end of each quarter, we perform a reserve analysis of all accounts with balances greater than $20,000 and more than 60 days past due. Additionally, we perform a separate reserve analysis on the balance of our accounts receivables with emphasis on past due accounts. We estimate future losses based upon historical bad debts, customer receivable balances, age of customer receivable balances, customers financial conditions and current economic trends, including certain trends in the housing market, the availability of consumer credit and general economic conditions (as commonly measured by GDP). We monitor housing market trends through review of the House Price Index as published by the Federal Housing Finance Agency, which measures the movement of single-family home prices. During the year, we write off account balances when we have exhausted reasonable collection efforts and determined that the likelihood of collection is remote. These write-offs are charged against our allowance for doubtful accounts. In the past five years, write-offs have averaged approximately 0.10% of net sales annually. Write-offs as a percentage of net sales approximated 0.10% in 2025, 0.16% in 2024 and 0.12% in 2023. We expect that write-offs will approximate 0.10% of net sales in 2026. At the end of each fiscal year, we prepare a hindsight analysis by comparing the prior year-end allowance for doubtful accounts balance to (i) current year write-offs and (ii) any significantly aged outstanding receivable balances. Based on our most recent hindsight analysis, we concluded that the prior year allowance was within a range of acceptable estimates and that our estimation methodology is appropriate. If the allowance for doubtful accounts increased or decreased by 20% at December 31, 2025, pretax income would change by approximately $1.6 million and earnings per share would change by approximately $0.03 per diluted share (based on the number of weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2025). 31 Inventory Obsolescence Product inventories represent the largest asset on our balance sheet. Our goal is to minimize stock-outs to provide the highest level of service to our customers. To do this, we maintain an adequate inventory of stock keeping units (SKUs) with the highest sales volumes. At the same time, we continuously strive to better manage our slower moving classes of inventory, which are not as critical to our customers and thus, inherently turn at slower rates. We establish our reserve for inventory obsolescence based on inventory with lower sales velocity and inventory with no sales for the past 12 months, which we believe represent some exposure to inventory obsolescence. The reserve is intended to reflect the value of inventory at net realizable value. We have not changed our methodology from prior years. In evaluating the adequacy of our reserve for inventory obsolescence, we consider a combination of factors, including: the level of inventory in relation to historical sales by product, including inventory usage based on product sales at both the sales center level and on a company-wide basis; changes in customer preferences or regulatory requirements; seasonal fluctuations in inventory levels; geographic location; and superseded products and new product offerings. We periodically adjust our reserve for inventory obsolescence as changes occur in the above-identified factors. At the end of each fiscal year, we prepare a hindsight analysis by comparing the prior year-end obsolescence reserve balance to (i) current year inventory write-offs and (ii) the value of products with no sales for the past 12 months that remain in inventory. Based on our most recent hindsight analysis, we concluded that our prior year reserve was within a range of acceptable estimates and that our estimation methodology is appropriate. If the reserve for inventory obsolescence increased or decreased by 20% at December 31, 2025, pretax income would change by approximately $4.8 million and earnings per share would change by approximately $0.10 per diluted share (based on the number of weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2025). Vendor Programs Many of our vendor arrangements provide for us to receive specified amounts of consideration when we achieve certain measures. These measures generally relate to the volume level of purchases from our vendors, or our net cost of products sold, and may include negotiated pricing arrangements. We account for consideration under vendor programs as a reduction of the prices of the vendor s products and therefore a reduction of product inventories until we sell the product, at which time we recognize such consideration as a reduction of cost of sales in our income statement. Throughout the year, we estimate the amount earned based on our expectation of total purchases for the fiscal year relative to the purchase levels that mark our progress toward earning consideration under each program. We accrue vendor program benefits on a monthly basis using these estimates provided that we determine they are probable and reasonably estimable. Our estimates for annual purchases, future inventory levels and sales of qualifying products are driven by our sales projections, which can be significantly impacted by a number of external factors including changes in economic conditions and weather. Changes in our purchasing mix also impact our estimates, as certain program rates can vary depending on our volume of purchases from specific vendors. We continually revise these estimates throughout the year to reflect actual purchase levels and identifiable trends. As a result, our estimated quarterly vendor program benefits accrual may include cumulative catch-up adjustments to reflect any changes in our estimates between reporting periods. These adjustments have a greater impact on gross margin in the fourth quarter since it is our seasonally slowest quarter and because the majority of our vendor arrangements are based on calendar year periods. We update our estimates for these arrangements at year end to reflect actual annual purchase or sales levels. In the first quarter of the subsequent year, we prepare a hindsight analysis by comparing actual vendor credits received to the prior year vendor receivable balances. Based on our most recent hindsight analysis, we concluded that our vendor program estimates were within a range of acceptable estimates and that our estimation methodology is appropriate. 32 If market conditions were to change, vendors may change the terms of some or all of these programs. Although such changes would not affect the amounts we have recorded related to products already purchased, they may lower or raise our cost for products purchased and sold in future periods. Income Taxes We record deferred tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using currently enacted rates and laws that will be in effect when we expect the differences to reverse. Due to changing tax laws and state income tax rates, significant judgment is required to estimate the effective tax rate expected to apply to tax differences that are expected to reverse in the future. We record Global Intangible Low Tax Income (GILTI) on foreign earnings as period costs if and when incurred. We have not realized any impacts since the December 2017 enactment of U.S. tax reform. As of December 31, 2025, U.S. income taxes were not provided on the earnings or cash balances of our foreign subsidiaries, outside of the provisions of the transition tax from U.S. tax reform. As we have historically invested or expect to invest the undistributed earnings indefinitely to fund current cash flow needs in the countries where held, additional income tax provisions may be required. Determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability on these undistributed earnings and cash balances is not practicable due to the complexity of tax laws and regulations and the varying circumstances, tax treatments and timing of any future repatriation. We operate in 41 states, 1 United States territory and 11 foreign countries. We are subject to regular audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, and the amount of income taxes we pay is subject to adjustment by the applicable tax authorities. We recognize a benefit from an uncertain tax position only after determining it is more likely than not that the tax position will withstand examination by the applicable taxing authority. Our estimate for the potential outcome of any uncertain tax issue is highly judgmental. We regularly evaluate our tax positions and incorporate these expectations into our reserve estimates. We believe we have adequately provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcome related to these matters. However, our future results may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved, or when statutes of limitation on potential assessments expire. These adjustments may include changes in valuation allowances that we have established. As a result of these uncertainties, our total income tax provision may fluctuate on a quarterly basis. Each year, we prepare a return to provision analysis upon filing our income tax returns. Based on our most recent hindsight analysis, we concluded that our prior year income tax provision was within a range of acceptable estimates and that our provision calculation methodology is appropriate. Differences between our effective income tax rate and federal and state statutory tax rates are primarily due to excess tax benefits associated with the exercise of deductible nonqualified stock options and the lapse of restrictions on deductible restricted stock awards. On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) was signed into law in the U.S., including a broad range of tax reform provisions. We currently do not expect the changes resulting from the OBBBA to have a material impact on our income tax provision. Performance-Based Compensation Accrual The Compensation and Human Capital Management Committee of our Board (Compensation Committee) and our management have designed compensation programs intended to create a performance culture. The primary objectives of our compensation programs are to attract, motivate, reward and retain our employees without leading to unnecessary risk taking. Our compensation packages include bonus plans that are specific to groups of eligible participants and their levels and areas of responsibility. The majority of our bonus plans consist of annual cash payments that are based primarily on objective performance criteria. We calculate bonuses based on the achievement of certain key measurable financial and operational results, including operating income. We use an annual cash performance award (annual bonus) to focus corporate behavior on short-term goals for growth, financial performance and other specific financial and business improvement metrics. Management sets the company s annual bonus objectives at the beginning of the bonus plan year using both historical information and forecasted results of operations for the current plan year. Management also establishes specific business improvement objectives for both our operating units and corporate employees. The Compensation Committee approves objectives for annual bonus plans involving executive management. 33 We record annual performance-based compensation accruals based on operating income achieved in a quarter as a percentage of total expected operating income for the year. Our estimate of full-year operating income incorporates management s assessment of expected incentive payouts under the bonus plan objectives and is regularly updated throughout the year. Our quarterly performance-based compensation expense and accrual balances may vary relative to actual annual bonus expense and payouts due to differences between estimated and actual performance and the discretionary components of the bonus plans. We generally make bonus payments at the end of February following the most recently completed fiscal year. Each year, we compare the actual bonus payouts to amounts accrued at the previous year s end to determine the accuracy of our performance-based compensation estimates. Based on our most recent hindsight analysis, we concluded that our performance-based compensation accrual balances were within a reasonable range of acceptable estimates and that our estimation methodologies are appropriate. Impairment of Goodwill and Other Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Goodwill is our largest intangible asset. At December 31, 2025, our goodwill balance was $707.3 million, representing approximately 20% of total assets. Goodwill represents the excess of the amount we paid to acquire a company over the estimated fair value of tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired less liabilities assumed. We perform a goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of each year or on a more frequent basis if events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate potential impairment. We have the option of first analyzing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. When a qualitative goodwill test is performed, we analyze factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. The evaluation of qualitative factors includes an assessment of relevant facts, events and circumstances including but not limited to: macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, and the current and forecasted financial performance of the reporting unit. In combination with our qualitative test, we also estimate the fair value of our reporting units by projecting company-wide future cash flows using management s assumptions for sales growth rates, operating margins and discount rates. Estimated earnings multiples are then used to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit. These estimates can significantly affect the outcome of our impairment test. To the extent our qualitative test indicates it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount or for any reporting unit where we only perform a quantitative test, we perform a discounted cash flow analysis at the reporting unit level to estimate its fair value. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value, we record a goodwill impairment charge for the difference, up to the carrying value of the goodwill. The fair value estimates used in our impairment test are determined using discounted cash flow models, which require the use of significant unobservable inputs, representative of a Level 3 fair value measurement. Since we define an operating segment as an individual sales center and we do not have operations below the sales center level, we define a reporting unit as an individual sales center. To test the reasonableness of our fair value estimate, we compared our company-wide estimated fair value to our market capitalization as of the date of our annual impairment test. In 2025, our company-wide estimated fair value was in line with our market capitalization. To facilitate a sensitivity analysis, we reduced our consolidated fair value estimate to reflect more conservative discounted cash flow assumptions, the sensitivity of a 50 basis point increase in our estimated weighted average cost of capital or a 50 basis point decrease in the estimated perpetuity growth rate. Our sensitivity analysis resulted in a fair value modestly lower than our market capitalization and did not result in the identification of additional locations for which it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying amount. If our assumptions or estimates in our fair value calculations change or if operating results are less than forecasted, we could incur impairment charges in future periods. Impairment charges would decrease operating income, negatively impact diluted EPS and result in lower asset values on our balance sheet. As of October 1, 2025, we had 253 reporting units with allocated goodwill balances. Our most significant goodwill balance of $401.6 million was related to our Porpoise Pool Patio reporting unit. The average goodwill balance of our remaining reporting units was $1.2 million. 34 In October 2025, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test and recorded an aggregate goodwill impairment charge of $0.3 million related to our reporting unit in Germany and the closure of a Horizon reporting unit in Florida. We performed a discounted cash flow analysis for these reporting units and determined that the estimated fair value of the reporting units no longer exceeded their carrying value. In connection with our testing, we also identified one of our reporting units in Tennessee with goodwill of $12.1 million as most at risk for goodwill impairment due to marginal results in recent years. We performed a discounted cash flow analysis for this reporting unit and its estimated fair value exceeded its carrying value by 7.0%. The most sensitive assumptions related to our fair value for this location relate to the timing of macroeconomic market improvements and their impact on future projected sales growth. In October 2024, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test and did not record any goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level. In September 2023, we recorded an aggregate goodwill impairment charge of $0.6 million, primarily related to one of our Horizon reporting units in Texas that we previously identified as being most at risk of goodwill impairment. We had been monitoring this location s results, which came in below expectations at the end of the 2023 season. We performed an interim goodwill impairment analysis, which included a discounted cash flow analysis, and determined that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit no longer exceeded its carrying value. Following this, in October 2023, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test and did not recognize any goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for details. 35 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The table below summarizes information derived from our Consolidated Statements of Income expressed as a percentage of net sales for the past three fiscal years: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net sales 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% Cost of sales 70.3 70.3 70.0 Gross profit 29.7 29.7 30.0 Operating expenses 18.8 18.0 16.5 Operating income 11.0 11.6 13.5 Interest and other non-operating expenses, net 0.9 0.9 1.1 Income before income taxes and equity in earnings 10.1% 10.7% 12.4% Note: Due to rounding, percentages may not add to operating income or income before income taxes and equity in earnings. Our discussion of consolidated operating results includes the operating results from acquisitions in 2025, 2024 and 2023. We have included the results of operations in our consolidated results since the respective acquisition dates. Fiscal Year 2025 compared to Fiscal Year 2024 Base Business When calculating our base business results, we exclude for a period of 15 months sales centers that are acquired, opened in new markets or closed. We also exclude consolidated sales centers when we do not expect to maintain the majority of the existing business and existing sales centers that are consolidated with acquired sales centers. We generally allocate corporate overhead expenses to excluded sales centers on the basis of their net sales as a percentage of total net sales. After 15 months, we include acquired, consolidated and new market sales centers in the base business calculation including the comparative prior year period. We have not provided separate base business income statements within this Form 10-K as base business results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2025 closely approximated consolidated results. Excluded sales centers contributed less than 1% to the change in our reported net sales. The table below summarizes the changes in our sales center count during 2025: December 31, 2024 448 Acquired locations 3 New locations 8 Consolidated/closed locations (3) December 31, 2025 456 For information about our recent acquisitions, see Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 36 Net Sales (in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Change Net sales $ 5,289.4 $ 5,311.0 $ (21.6 ) % Net sales in 2025 were consistent with 2024. During 2025, maintenance product sales held steady, indicating stable demand for non-discretionary products. Sales volumes for discretionary products declined, impacted by unfavorable macroeconomic conditions. The following factors impacted our 2025 sales and are listed in order of estimated magnitude: stable maintenance product sales; lower sales volume of products used in pool construction and discretionary activities (see discussion below); and a benefit of approximately 2% to 3% from inflationary product cost increases, partially offset by 1% price deflation on some items. In 2025, sales of equipment for maintenance, renovation and new construction activities, including swimming pool heaters, pumps, lights, filters and automation devices, were flat compared to 2024 and represented approximately 31% of net sales in 2025. Sales of building materials, which are primarily used in new pool construction and remodeling, were also comparable to 2024 and represented approximately 12% of net sales in 2025. 2025 Quarterly Sales Performance Compared to 2024 Quarterly Sales Performance Quarter 2025 First Second Third Fourth Net Sales (Decline) Growth (4)% 1% 1% (1)% In the first quarter of 2025, net sales were anchored by consistent sales of non-discretionary products while sales of discretionary products continued to feel downward pressure from macroeconomic constraints and unfavorable weather in January and February. Net sales benefited approximately 2% from inflationary product cost increases, partially offset by 1% price deflation on certain items. One less selling day also lowered sales. Although the market environment remained constrained in the second quarter of 2025, we saw overall sales expansion and discretionary activities were less of a drag on overall sales. Net sales benefited approximately 2% to 3% from inflationary product cost increases, partially offset by 1% price deflation on certain items . Net sales in the third quarter of 2025 were supported by stable demand for maintenance products and sales growth of building materials products. Net sales benefited approximately 3% from inflationary product cost increases, partially offset by 1% price deflation on certain items. Sales in the fourth quarter of 2025 were impacted by lower sales volumes compared to the fourth quarter of 2024, which benefited from repair and replacement activity following Hurricanes Helene and Milton in Florida. Net sales benefited approximately 3% from inflationary product cost increases, partially offset by 1% price deflation on certain items. In addition to the sales discussion above, see further details of significant weather impacts under the subheading Seasonality and Quarterly Fluctuations below. 37 Gross Profit (in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Change Gross profit $ 1,572.5 $ 1,575.3 $ (2.8 ) % Gross margin 29.7 % 29.7 % Gross margin was 29.7% in 2025 and 2024. In 2024, gross margin benefited 20 basis points from the reversal of $12.6 million for estimated import taxes. In 2025, our gross margin reflected positive impacts from our strategic pricing and supply chain initiatives, partially offset by a less advantageous customer mix and the absence of the import tax reversal recognized in the prior year. Operating Expenses (in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Change Selling and administrative expenses $ 992.3 $ 958.1 $ 34.2 4 % Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales 18.8 % 18.0 % Operating expenses increased 4%, or $34.2 million, to $992.3 million in 2025, up from $958.1 million in 2024. Our operating expenses have increased due to investments in our technology initiatives and expanding our sales center network, along with inflationary impacts on rent, base wages and insurance. Interest and Other Non-operating Expenses, net Interest and other non-operating expenses, net decreased $3.5 million compared to 2024, primarily due to a decrease in the weighted average effective interest rate between periods, which includes benefits from our 2025 refinancings. Our weighted average effective interest rate was 4.5% in 2025 and 5.2% in 2024 on average outstanding debt of $1.0 billion in 2025 versus $956.3 million in 2024. Income Taxes Our effective income tax rate was 23.8% at December 31, 2025 and 23.4% at December 31, 2024. We recorded a $4.6 million, or $0.12 per diluted share, benefit from ASU 2016-09 for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to a benefit of $8.8 million, or $0.23 per diluted share, realized in 2024. Without the benefits from ASU 2016-09, our effective tax rate was 24.7% for the year ended 2025 and 25.0% for the year ended 2024. Net Income and Earnings Per Share Net income decreased to $406.4 million in 2025 compared to $434.3 million in 2024. Earnings per diluted share declined 4% to $10.85 in 2025 compared to $11.30 in 2024. 38 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The non-GAAP measures described below should be considered in the context of all of our other disclosures in this Form 10-K. Adjusted Diluted EPS We have included adjusted diluted EPS, a non-GAAP financial measure, as a supplemental disclosure, because we believe this measure is useful to management, investors and others in assessing our period-to-period operating performance. Adjusted diluted EPS is a key measure used by management to demonstrate the impact of tax benefits from ASU 2016-09 on our diluted EPS and to provide investors and others with additional information about our potential future operating performance to supplement GAAP measures. We believe this measure should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, diluted EPS presented in accordance with GAAP, and in the context of our other disclosures in this Form 10-K. Other companies may calculate this non-GAAP financial measure differently than we do, which may limit its usefulness as a comparative measure. The table below presents a reconciliation of diluted EPS to adjusted diluted EPS. (Unaudited) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Diluted EPS $ 10.85 $ 11.30 Less: ASU 2016-09 tax benefit 0.12 0.23 Adjusted diluted EPS $ 10.73 $ 11.07 Fiscal Year 2024 compared to Fiscal Year 2023 For a detailed discussion of the Results of Operations in Fiscal Year 2024 compared to Fiscal Year 2023, see the Results of Operations section of Management s Discussion and Analysis included in Part II, Item 7 of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 39 Seasonality and Quarterly Fluctuations For discussion regarding the effects seasonality and weather have on our business, see Item 1, Business, of this Form 10-K. The following table presents certain unaudited quarterly income statement and balance sheet data for the most recent eight quarters to illustrate seasonal fluctuations in these amounts. We believe this information reflects all normal and recurring adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of this data. The results of any one or more quarters are not necessarily a good indication of results for an entire fiscal year or of continuing future trends for a variety of reasons, including the seasonal nature of our business and the impact of new and acquired sales centers. (Unaudited) QUARTER (in thousands) 2025 2024 First Second Third Fourth First Second Third Fourth Statement of Income Data Net sales 1,071,526 1,784,530 1,451,131 982,209 1,120,810 1,769,784 1,432,879 987,480 Gross profit 312,369 535,161 429,183 295,745 338,560 530,141 416,403 290,244 Operating income 77,538 272,670 177,987 52,008 108,720 271,481 176,353 60,651 Net income 53,545 194,258 127,013 31,587 78,885 192,439 125,701 37,300 Net sales as a % of annual net sales 20% 34% 27% 19% 21% 33% 27% 19% Gross profit as a % of annual gross profit 20% 34% 27% 19% 21% 34% 26% 18% Operating income as a % of annual operating income 13% 47% 31% 9% 18% 44% 29% 10% Balance Sheet Data Total receivables, net 497,076 576,804 443,609 347,803 527,175 577,529 425,693 314,861 Product inventories, net 1,460,680 1,330,221 1,223,809 1,454,672 1,496,947 1,295,600 1,180,491 1,289,300 Accounts payable 890,167 529,316 457,319 652,619 907,806 515,645 401,702 525,235 Total debt 1,025,090 1,229,919 1,062,002 1,199,453 979,177 1,116,553 923,829 950,356 Note: Due to rounding, the sum of quarterly percentage amounts may not equal 100%. Weather Impacts on Fiscal Year 2025 to Fiscal Year 2024 Comparisons Weather conditions in the first quarter of 2025 were mixed across our key markets. Early January snowstorms and overall cooler temperatures through much of February negatively impacted early season sales activity. While March brought warmer and drier weather, these improvements provided only partial relief to our sales trends and were insufficient to offset the slower start to the quarter. During the first quarter of 2024, above-average temperatures in some regions, including California, contributed positively to economic activities. However, the adverse effects of cooler and wetter weather in Florida and the Southeast, and excessive precipitation in Texas and the Northeast, outweighed the positives, resulting in an overall unfavorable impact on net sales. Weather conditions in the second quarter of 2025 were generally marked by above-average temperatures and higher-than-normal precipitation. Warm conditions generally supported seasonal trends, though localized disruptions occurred due to severe storms, flash flooding and tornado outbreaks, particularly in April and May. Around mid-June, we observed intense heat across many regions, further supporting demand in key markets. Overall, while weather patterns were variable, we believe that the net impact on our results was broadly neutral. In the second quarter of 2024, weather across the U.S. was mixed, with wetter conditions in the central regions and Texas, drier conditions in the West, and warmer-than-average temperatures, especially in June, supporting maintenance activities and leading to varied impacts across our markets. Temperatures in the third quarter of 2025 were above average in several regions, including the Northwest, Midwest, South and Western regions. Localized flooding occurred early in the quarter, followed by drought conditions across the Central and Western regions. In the third quarter of 2024, temperatures were slightly warmer than the third quarter of 2025, and there were more variable weather conditions in the third quarter of 2024 with several notable weather events. Overall, weather conditions did not significantly impact our sales results for the third quarter of 2025. Weather conditions in the fourth quarter of 2025 were generally warmer than average across much of the U.S., particularly in October and November. Precipitation patterns were mixed, with localized drought conditions in parts of the central regions and variable rainfall 40 elsewhere. In October, rainy weather in California slowed sales, which is typically among Horizon s busier months. December brought colder temperatures and winter weather in North and Northeastern markets, consistent with normal seasonal patterns. In 2024, repair and replacement activity following Hurricanes Helene and Milton provided some weather-related benefits to Florida s results, contributing to an increase in consolidated sales of approximately 1%. Overall, the fourth quarter of 2025 did not see similar benefits from weather conditions as the fourth quarter of 2024 . Weather Impacts on Fiscal Year 2024 to Fiscal Year 2023 Comparisons For a detailed discussion of Weather Impacts on Fiscal Year 2024 compared to Fiscal Year 2023, see the Seasonality and Quarterly Fluctuations section of Management s Discussion and Analysis included in Part II, Item 7 of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Geographic Areas Since all of our sales centers have similar operations and share similar economic characteristics, we aggregate our sales centers into a single reportable segment. For additional details, see Note 1 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. For a breakdown of net sales and property, plant and equipment between our United States and international operations, see Item 1, Business, of this Form 10-K. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Liquidity is defined as the ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet short-term and long-term cash needs. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating activities, taking into consideration the seasonal nature of our business. Significant factors which could affect our liquidity include the following: cash flows generated from operating activities; the adequacy of available bank lines of credit; the quality of our receivables; acquisitions; dividend payments; capital expenditures; changes in income tax laws and regulations; the timing and extent of share repurchases; and the ability to attract long-term capital with satisfactory terms. Our primary capital needs are seasonal working capital obligations, debt repayment obligations and other general corporate initiatives, including acquisitions, opening new sales centers, technology-related investments, dividend payments and discretionary share repurchases. Our primary working capital obligations are for the purchase of inventory, payroll, rent, other facility costs and selling and administrative expenses. Our working capital obligations fluctuate during the year, driven primarily by seasonality and the timing of inventory purchases. Our primary sources of working capital are cash from operations supplemented by bank borrowings, which have historically been sufficient to support our growth and finance acquisitions. We have funded our capital expenditures and share repurchases in substantially the same manner. 41 We prioritize our use of cash based on investing in our business, maintaining a prudent capital structure, including a modest amount of debt, and returning cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our specific priorities for the use of cash are as follows: capital expenditures primarily for maintenance and growth of our sales center network, technology-related investments and fleet vehicles; inventory and other operating expenses; strategic acquisitions executed opportunistically; payment of cash dividends as and when declared by our Board; repayment of debt to maintain an average total target leverage ratio (as defined below) between 1.5 and 2.0; and discretionary repurchases of our common stock under our Board authorized share repurchase program. We focus our capital expenditure plans based on the needs of our existing sales centers and the opening of new sales centers. Our capital spending primarily relates to leasehold improvements, delivery and service vehicles and information technology. In recent years, we have increased our investment in technology and automation enabling us to operate more efficiently and better serve our customers. Historically, our capital expenditures have averaged roughly 1.0% of net sales. Capital expenditures were 1.1% of net sales in 2025, 2024 and 2023. Based on management s current plans, we project capital expenditures for 2026 will be approximately 1% to 1.5% of net sales. We believe we have adequate availability of capital to fund present operations and the current capacity to finance any working capital needs that may arise. We continually evaluate potential acquisitions and hold discussions with acquisition candidates. If suitable acquisition opportunities arise that would require financing, we believe that we have the ability to finance any such transactions. As of February 20, 2026, $331.0 million remained available to purchase shares of our common stock under our current Board-approved share repurchase plan program. We expect to repurchase additional shares in the open market from time to time subject to market conditions. We plan to fund these repurchases with cash provided by operations and borrowings under our credit and receivables facilities described below. Sources and Uses of Cash The following table summarizes our cash flows (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Operating activities $ 365,850 $ 659,186 Investing activities (67,792 ) (66,169 ) Financing activities (273,379 ) (576,550 ) Cash provided by operations of $365.9 million for 2025 decreased $293.3 million compared to 2024. The change in net cash flow from operations is mainly attributable to increased working capital investments, such as higher inventory balances, and $68.5 million in federal tax payments deferred from 2024 into 2025 as a result of relief granted by the IRS. This deferred tax payment increased operating cash flows in 2024 and decreased operating cash flows in 2025. Cash used in investing activities increased $1.6 million to $67.8 million in 2025, primarily reflecting an increase of $6.1 million in payments for acquisitions compared to 2024, partially offset by a decrease of $3.1 million in net capital expenditures between years. Cash used in financing activities decreased to $273.4 million in 2025 compared to $576.6 million in 2024. The change in financing activities primarily reflects $249.5 million of net debt proceeds in 2025 versus $101.7 million of net debt payments in 2024, partially offset by increases in share repurchases of $40.0 million and dividends paid of $5.3 million in 2025 versus 2024. 42 For a discussion of our sources and uses of cash in 2023, see the Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and Uses of Cash section of Management s Discussion and Analysis included in Part II, Item 7 of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Future Sources and Uses of Cash To supplement cash from operations as our primary source of working capital, we plan to continue to utilize our three major credit facilities, which are the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Facility (the Credit Facility), the Term Facility (the Term Facility) and the Receivables Securitization Facility (the Receivables Facility). For additional details regarding these facilities, see the summary descriptions below and more complete descriptions in Note 5 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Credit Facility Our Credit Facility provides for $1.3 billion in borrowing capacity consisting of an $800.0 million revolving credit facility and a $500.0 million term loan facility. The Credit Facility also includes an accordion feature permitting us to request one or more incremental term loans or revolving credit facility commitment increases up to $250.0 million and sublimits for the issuance of swingline loans and standby letters of credit. We pay interest on revolving and term loan borrowings under the Credit Facility at a variable rate based on the one-month term secured overnight financing rate (SOFR), plus an applicable margin. The term loan requires quarterly amortization payments commencing on September 30, 2027 with all remaining principal due on September 30, 2029. We intend to continue to use the Credit Facility for general corporate purposes, for future share repurchases and to fund future growth initiatives. At December 31, 2025, there was $925.1 million outstanding, including a $500.0 million term loan, with $14.4 million in standby letters of credit outstanding and $360.5 million available for borrowing under the Credit Facility. The weighted average effective interest rate for the Credit Facility as of December 31, 2025 was approximately 4.0%, excluding commitment fees and including the impact of our interest rate swaps. Term Facility Our Term Facility provides for $90.0 million in borrowing capacity. We pay interest on borrowings under the Term Facility at a variable rate based on one-month Term SOFR, plus an applicable margin. The Term Facility is repaid in quarterly installments of 1.250% of the Term Facility beginning in the third quarter of 2027, with the final principal repayment due on September 30, 2029. We may prepay amounts outstanding under the Term Facility without penalty other than interest breakage costs. At December 31, 2025, the Term Facility had an outstanding balance of $90.0 million at a weighted average effective interest rate of 5.0% Receivables Securitization Facility Our two-year accounts receivable securitization facility offers us a lower-cost form of financing. Under this facility, we can borrow up to $375.0 million between April through May and from $210.0 million to $350.0 million during the remaining months of the year. We pay interest on borrowings under the Receivables Facility at a variable rate based on one-month Term SOFR, plus an applicable margin. The Receivables Facility matures on October 30, 2026. The Receivables Facility provides for the sale of certain of our receivables to a wholly owned subsidiary (the Securitization Subsidiary). The Securitization Subsidiary transfers variable undivided percentage interests in the receivables and related rights to certain third-party financial institutions in exchange for cash proceeds, limited to the applicable funding capacities. Upon payment of the receivables by customers, rather than remitting to the financial institutions the amounts collected, we retain such collections as proceeds for the sale of new receivables until payments become due. At December 31, 2025, there was $174.5 million outstanding under the Receivables Facility at a weighted average effective interest rate of 4.6%, excluding commitment fees. 43 Financial Covenants Financial covenants of the Credit Facility, Term Facility and Receivables Facility include maintenance of a maximum average total leverage ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, which are our most restrictive financial covenants. As of December 31, 2025, the calculations of these two covenants are detailed below: Maximum Average Total Leverage Ratio . On the last day of each fiscal quarter, our average total leverage ratio must be less than 3.25 to 1.00. Average Total Leverage Ratio is the ratio of the sum of (i) Total Non-Revolving Funded Indebtedness as of such date, (ii) the trailing twelve months (TTM) Average Total Revolving Funded Indebtedness and (iii) the TTM Average Accounts Securitization Proceeds divided by TTM EBITDA (as those terms are defined in the Credit Facility). As of December 31, 2025, our average total leverage ratio equaled 1.67 (compared to 1.42 as of December 31, 2024) and the TTM average total indebtedness amount used in this calculation was $1.1 billion. Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . On the last day of each fiscal quarter, our fixed charge ratio must be greater than or equal to 2.25 to 1.00. Fixed Charge Ratio is the ratio of the TTM EBITDAR divided by TTM Interest Expense paid or payable in cash plus TTM Rental Expense (as those terms are defined in the Credit Facility). As of December 31, 2025, our fixed charge ratio equaled 4.78 (compared to 5.07 as of December 31, 2024) and TTM Rental Expense was $112.2 million. The Credit Facility and Term Facility limit the declaration and payment of dividends on our common stock to a manner consistent with past practice, provided no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the payment of dividends. We may declare and pay quarterly dividends so long as (i) the amount per share of such dividends is not greater than the most recently publicly announced amount of dividends per share and (ii) our Average Total Leverage Ratio is less than 3.25 to 1.00 both immediately before and after giving pro forma effect to such dividends. Under the Credit Facility and Term Facility, we may repurchase shares of our common stock provided no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the repurchase of shares, and our maximum average total leverage ratio (determined on a pro forma basis) is less than 3.25 to 1.00. Other covenants in each of our credit facilities include restrictions on our ability to grant liens, incur indebtedness, make investments, merge or consolidate, and sell or transfer assets. Failure to comply with any of our financial covenants or any other terms of the Credit Facility and the Term Facility could result in, among other things, higher interest rates on our borrowings or the acceleration of the maturities of our outstanding debt. Interest Rate Swaps We utilize interest rate swap contracts to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in variable interest rates for future interest payments on our variable rate borrowings. Interest expense related to the notional amounts under all swap contracts is based on applicable fixed rates plus the applicable margin on the respective borrowings. As of December 31, 2025, we had two interest rate swap contracts in place, each of which has the effect of converting our exposure to variable interest rates on a portion of our variable rate borrowings to fixed interest rates. For more information, see Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Compliance and Future Availability As of December 31, 2025, we were in compliance with all covenants and financial ratio requirements under our Credit Facility, our Term Facility and our Receivables Facility. We believe we will remain in compliance with all covenants and financial ratio requirements throughout the next 12 months. For additional information regarding our debt arrangements, see Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 44 Future Obligations We have certain fixed contractual obligations and commitments that include future estimated payments for general operating purposes. Changes in our business needs, fluctuating interest rates and other factors may result in actual payments differing from our estimates. We cannot provide certainty regarding the timing and amounts of these payments. The following table summarizes our obligations as of December 31, 2025 (in thousands) that are expected to impact liquidity and cash flow in future periods. We believe we will be able to fund these obligations through our existing cash, cash expected to be generated from operations, borrowings on our facilities and proceeds from any future refinancing transactions. Payments Due by Period Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Long-term debt $ 1,202,629 $ 187,529 $ 44,250 $ 970,850 $ Operating leases 387,601 106,657 161,568 85,926 33,450 Purchase obligations 131,094 30,490 67,318 33,286 $ 1,721,324 $ 324,676 $ 273,136 $ 1,090,062 $ 33,450 The significant assumptions used in our determination of amounts presented in the above table are as follows: Long-term debt amounts represent only the future principal payments on our debt as of December 31, 2025. Estimates of interest payable on this debt is separately reflected in the table appearing below. On our Consolidated Balance Sheets, we classify the entire outstanding balance of the Receivables Facility as Long-term debt as we intend and have the ability to refinance the obligations on a long-term basis. For additional information regarding our debt arrangements, see Note 5 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Operating lease amounts include future rental payments under the current terms of our operating leases. For additional information regarding our operating leases, see Note 9 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Purchase obligations include all legally binding contracts such as firm minimum commitments for inventory purchases and software commitments. We issue inventory purchase orders in the normal course of business, which represent authorizations to purchase that are cancellable by their terms. We do not consider our cancellable purchase orders to be firm inventory commitments; therefore, they are excluded from the table above. For certain of our future obligations, such as unrecognized tax benefits, uncertainties exist regarding the timing of future payments and the amount by which these potential obligations will increase or decrease over time. As such, we have excluded unrecognized tax benefits from the table above. See Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional discussion related to our unrecognized tax benefits. The table also excludes various other liabilities that are not contractual in nature, including contingent liabilities, litigation accruals and contract termination fees. The table below contains estimated interest payments (in thousands) related to our long-term debt obligations presented in the table above. We calculated estimates of future interest payments based on the December 31, 2025 outstanding debt balances, using the fixed rates under our interest rate swap agreements for the applicable notional amounts and the weighted average effective interest rates as of December 31, 2025 for the remaining outstanding balances not covered by our swap contracts. To project the estimated interest expense to coincide with the time periods used in the table above, we projected the estimated debt balances for future years based on the scheduled maturity dates of the Credit Facility, the Term Facility and the Receivables Facility. Our actual interest payments could vary substantially from the amounts projected. Estimated Interest Payments Due by Period Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Interest $ 175,004 $ 44,023 $ 95,107 $ 35,874 $ 45 Item 7A. Quant itative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We are exposed to market risks, including interest rate risk and foreign currency risk. The adverse effects of potential changes in these market risks are discussed below. The following discussion does not consider the effects of the reduced level of overall economic activity that could exist following such changes. Further, in the event of changes of such magnitude, we would likely take actions to mitigate our exposure to such changes. Interest Rate Risk Our earnings are exposed to changes in short-term interest rates because of the variable interest rates on our debt. However, we have entered into interest rate swap contracts to reduce our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. For information about our debt arrangements and interest rate swaps, see Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of this Form 10 K. In 2025, there was no interest rate risk related to the notional amounts under our interest rate swap contracts. The portions of our outstanding balances under the Credit Facility, Term Facility and the Receivables Facility that were not covered by our interest rate swap contracts were subject to variable interest rates. To calculate the potential impact in 2025 related to interest rate risk, we performed a sensitivity analysis assuming that we borrowed the maximum $1.3 billion available under the Credit Facility, the $375 million maximum available under the Receivables Facility and the full $500 million outstanding under our Term Facility. In this analysis, we assumed that the variable interest rates for each facility increased by 1.0%. Based on this calculation, our pretax income would have decreased by approximately $13.7 million and earnings per share would have decreased by approximately $0.27 per diluted share (based on the number of weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2025). Failure of our swap counterparties would result in the loss of any potential benefit to us under our swap agreements. In this case, we would still be obligated to pay the variable interest payments underlying our debt agreements. Additionally, failure of our swap counterparties would not eliminate our obligation to continue to make payments under our existing swap agreements if we continue to be in a net pay position. Currency Risk Changes in the exchange rates for the functional currencies of our international subsidiaries, as shown in the table below, may positively or negatively impact our sales, operating expenses and earnings. Historically, we have not hedged our currency exposure and fluctuations in exchange rates have not materially affected our operating results. While our international operations, including Canada and Mexico, accounted for only 7% of total net sales in 2025, our exposure to currency rate fluctuations could be material in 2026 and future years to the extent that either currency rate changes are significant or that our international operations comprise a larger percentage of our consolidated results. Functional Currencies Canada Canadian Dollar United Kingdom British Pound Belgium Euro Croatia Euro France Euro Germany Euro Italy Euro Portugal Euro Spain Euro Mexico Mexican Peso Australia Australian Dollar 46 Item 8. Financial Sta tements and Supplementary Data INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42 ) 48 Consolidated Statements of Income 50 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 51 Consolidated Balance Sheets 52 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 53 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 54 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 55 47 Report of Independent Re gistered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Pool Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Pool Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 26, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. Valuation of Goodwill Description of the Matter At December 31, 2025, the Company s goodwill was $707.3 million, including $401.6 million of goodwill relating to one reporting unit. As discussed in Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually at the reporting unit level. The Company s goodwill is assigned to reporting units as of the acquisition date. Auditing management s annual goodwill impairment test for this reporting unit was complex and highly judgmental due to the estimation required to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. In particular, the fair value estimate is sensitive to certain assumptions, such as changes in the weighted average cost of capital, revenue growth rate, operating margin, and terminal growth rate which are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions. 48 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s goodwill impairment review process, including controls over management s review of the significant assumptions described above. To test the estimated fair value of the Company s largest reporting unit, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing methodologies and testing the significant assumptions discussed above and the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current industry and economic trends and other relevant factors, such as historical results. We assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the reporting unit that would result from changes in the assumptions. We also involved a specialist to assist in our evaluation of the valuation methodology applied by the Company and certain significant assumptions used in estimating the fair value of the reporting unit. In addition, we reviewed the comparison of the Company s fair value of its largest reporting unit and the fair value of all other reporting units to the Company s market capitalization. /s/ Ernst Young LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 1994. New Orleans, Louisiana February 26, 2026 49 POOL CORPORATION Consolidated St atements of Income (In thousands, except per share data) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net sales $ 5,289,396 $ 5,310,953 $ 5,541,595 Cost of sales 3,716,938 3,735,606 3,881,551 Gross profit 1,572,458 1,575,347 1,660,044 Selling and administrative expenses 992,254 958,143 913,477 Operating income 580,204 617,204 746,567 Interest and other non-operating expenses, net 46,770 50,250 58,431 Income before income taxes and equity in earnings 533,434 566,954 688,136 Provision for income taxes 127,132 132,836 165,084 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated investments, net 102 207 177 Net income $ 406,404 $ 434,325 $ 523,229 Earnings per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic $ 10.89 $ 11.37 $ 13.45 Diluted $ 10.85 $ 11.30 $ 13.35 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 37,149 38,007 38,704 Diluted 37,288 38,228 38,997 Cash dividends declared per common share $ 4.95 $ 4.70 $ 4.30 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 50 POOL CORPORATION C onsolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net income $ 406,404 $ 434,325 $ 523,229 Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments 15,765 ( 16,389 ) 6,909 Unrealized losses on interest rate swaps, net of the change in taxes of $ 2,874 , $ 1,285 and $ 2,074 ( 8,621 ) ( 3,857 ) ( 6,222 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) 7,144 ( 20,246 ) 687 Comprehensive income $ 413,548 $ 414,079 $ 523,916 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 51 POOL CORPORATION C onsolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except share data) December 31, 2025 2024 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 104,963 $ 77,862 Receivables, net 136,063 115,835 Receivables pledged under receivables facility 211,740 199,026 Product inventories, net 1,454,672 1,289,300 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 62,426 47,091 Total current assets 1,969,864 1,729,114 Property and equipment, net 267,065 251,324 Goodwill 707,345 698,910 Other intangible assets, net 283,882 290,732 Equity interest investments 1,576 1,439 Operating lease assets 327,398 314,853 Other assets 68,996 81,812 Total assets $ 3,626,126 $ 3,368,184 Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 652,619 $ 525,235 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 109,301 171,194 Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt 13,029 49,473 Current operating lease liabilities 105,336 98,284 Total current liabilities 880,285 844,186 Deferred income taxes 95,633 81,408 Long-term debt, net 1,186,424 900,883 Other long-term liabilities 48,313 44,959 Non-current operating lease liabilities 230,242 223,283 Total liabilities 2,440,897 2,094,719 Stockholders equity: Common stock, $ 0.001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 36,577,686 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2025 and 37,691,942 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2024 37 38 Additional paid-in capital 671,050 638,615 Retained earnings 520,662 648,476 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 6,520 ) ( 13,664 ) Total stockholders equity 1,185,229 1,273,465 Total liabilities and stockholders equity $ 3,626,126 $ 3,368,184 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 52 POOL CORPORATION C onsolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Operating activities Net income $ 406,404 $ 434,325 $ 523,229 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation 42,678 36,784 31,585 Amortization 8,927 8,697 8,555 Share-based compensation 22,733 19,248 19,582 (Benefit) provision for doubtful accounts receivable, net of write-offs ( 589 ) ( 3,122 ) 2,197 (Benefit) provision for inventory obsolescence, net of write-offs ( 2,756 ) 3,048 1,930 Provision for deferred income taxes 17,030 15,739 10,359 Gains on sales of property and equipment ( 611 ) ( 1,645 ) ( 317 ) Equity in earnings of unconsolidated investments, net ( 102 ) ( 207 ) ( 177 ) Net (gains) losses on foreign currency transactions ( 492 ) 218 ( 813 ) Goodwill impairment 285 550 Other ( 271 ) ( 245 ) 200 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions: Receivables ( 27,324 ) 29,146 10,108 Product inventories ( 147,405 ) 66,201 231,240 Prepaid expenses and other assets 91,799 75,122 57,840 Accounts payable 119,358 14,429 96,128 Accrued expenses and other liabilities ( 163,814 ) ( 38,552 ) ( 103,967 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 365,850 659,186 888,229 Investing activities Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ( 10,831 ) ( 4,692 ) ( 11,533 ) Purchases of property and equipment, net of sale proceeds ( 56,334 ) ( 59,476 ) ( 60,096 ) Other investments, net ( 627 ) ( 2,001 ) 32 Net cash used in investing activities ( 67,792 ) ( 66,169 ) ( 71,597 ) Financing activities Proceeds from revolving line of credit 1,929,200 1,517,800 1,548,618 Payments on revolving line of credit ( 1,698,700 ) ( 1,575,700 ) ( 1,815,829 ) Proceeds from term loan under credit facility 50,000 Payments on term loan under credit facility ( 12,500 ) ( 25,000 ) ( 12,500 ) Proceeds from asset-backed financing 473,500 727,000 552,500 Payments on asset-backed financing ( 473,100 ) ( 744,600 ) ( 560,300 ) Payments on term facility ( 19,938 ) ( 47,313 ) Proceeds from short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt 17,700 8,873 19,998 Payments on short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt ( 16,644 ) ( 10,103 ) ( 19,338 ) Payments of deferred financing costs ( 1,397 ) ( 2,077 ) ( 52 ) Payments of deferred and contingent acquisition consideration ( 551 ) Proceeds from stock issued under share-based compensation plans 9,702 13,190 10,455 Payments of cash dividends ( 184,916 ) ( 179,633 ) ( 167,461 ) Repurchases of common stock ( 346,286 ) ( 306,300 ) ( 306,359 ) Net cash used in financing activities ( 273,379 ) ( 576,550 ) ( 798,132 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 2,422 ( 5,145 ) 2,449 Change in cash and cash equivalents 27,101 11,322 20,949 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 77,862 66,540 45,591 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year $ 104,963 $ 77,862 $ 66,540 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 53 POOL CORPORATION Co nsolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (In thousands) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Retained Accumulated Other Comprehensive Shares Amount Capital Earnings Income (Loss) Total Balance at December 31, 2022 39,069 $ 39 $ 575,776 $ 653,484 $ 5,895 $ 1,235,194 Net income 523,229 523,229 Foreign currency translation 6,909 6,909 Interest rate swaps, net of the change in taxes of $ 2,074 ( 6,222 ) ( 6,222 ) Repurchases of common stock, net of retirements ( 862 ) ( 1 ) ( 309,262 ) ( 309,263 ) Share-based compensation 19,582 19,582 Issuance of stock under share-based compensation plans 148 10,819 10,819 Declaration of cash dividends ( 167,461 ) ( 167,461 ) Balance at December 31, 2023 38,355 38 606,177 699,990 6,582 1,312,787 Net income 434,325 434,325 Foreign currency translation ( 16,389 ) ( 16,389 ) Interest rate swaps, net of the change in taxes of $ 1,285 ( 3,857 ) ( 3,857 ) Repurchases of common stock, net of retirements ( 843 ) ( 306,206 ) ( 306,206 ) Share-based compensation 19,248 19,248 Issuance of stock under share-based compensation plans 180 13,190 13,190 Declaration of cash dividends ( 179,633 ) ( 179,633 ) Balance at December 31, 2024 37,692 38 638,615 648,476 ( 13,664 ) 1,273,465 Net income 406,404 406,404 Foreign currency translation 15,765 15,765 Interest rate swaps, net of the change in taxes of $ 2,874 ( 8,621 ) ( 8,621 ) Repurchases of common stock, net of retirements ( 1,271 ) ( 1 ) ( 349,261 ) ( 349,262 ) Share-based compensation 22,733 22,733 Issuance of stock under share-based compensation plans 157 9,702 9,702 Declaration of cash dividends ( 184,957 ) ( 184,957 ) Balance at December 31, 2025 36,578 $ 37 $ 671,050 $ 520,662 $ ( 6,520 ) $ 1,185,229 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 54 POOL CORPORATION N otes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Description of Business As of December 31, 2025, Pool Corporation and our subsidiaries (the Company , which may also be referred to as we, us or our ) operated 456 sales centers in North America, Europe and Australia from which we sell swimming pool supplies, equipment and related leisure products, irrigation and landscape maintenance products and hardscapes, tile and stone products to pool builders, retail stores, service companies, landscape contractors and others. We distribute products through five networks: SCP Distributors (SCP), Superior Pool Products (Superior), Horizon Distributors (Horizon), National Pool Trends (NPT) and Sun Wholesale Supply (Sun Wholesale). Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation We prepared the Consolidated Financial Statements following U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The financial statements include all normal and recurring adjustments that are necessary for a fair presentation of our financial position and operating results. The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Pool Corporation and our subsidiaries. All of our subsidiaries are wholly owned. All significant intercompany accounts and intercompany transactions have been eliminated. Use of Estimates To prepare financial statements that conform to GAAP, we make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. Our most significant estimates relate to the allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory obsolescence reserves, vendor programs, income taxes, performance-based compensation accruals and goodwill impairment evaluations. We continually review our estimates and make adjustments as necessary, but actual results could be significantly different from what we expected when we made these estimates. Newly Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023 09, Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures , which enhances the transparency of income tax disclosures through greater disaggregation in the effective tax rate reconciliation and expanded disclosures of income taxes paid. We adopted ASU 2023 09 prospectively for the year ended December 31, 2025. The adoption of this standard, which enhanced our income tax related disclosures, did not have an impact on our consolidated financial statements. See Note 7 for the additional disclosures required under this standard. In July 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025 05, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses for Accounts Receivable and Contract Assets , which provides a practical expedient allowing entities to assume that current conditions as of the balance sheet date will continue for the remaining life of current accounts receivable and contract assets. We adopted ASU 2025 05 prospectively for the year ended December 31, 2025, electing the practical expedient for our trade receivables. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures, and we do not expect it to have a material impact in future periods. Seasonality and Weather Our business is seasonal, and weather is one of the principal external factors affecting our business. In general, sales and net income are highest during the second and third quarters, which represent the peak months of swimming pool use, pool and irrigation installation and remodeling and repair activities. Sales are lower during the first and fourth quarters. Revenue Recognition We recognize a sale when a customer obtains control of the product, and we record the amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for such product. We recognize a sale when a customer picks up product at any sales center, when we deliver product to their premises or job sites via our trucks or when we present the product to a third-party carrier. 55 We consider our distribution of products to represent one reportable revenue stream. Our products are similar in nature, and our revenue recognition policy is the same across our distribution networks. Our customers share similar characteristics and generally purchase products across all categories. We recognize revenue when our customers take control of our products. We include shipping and handling fees billed to customers as freight out income within net sales. We measure revenue as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring our products. Consideration may vary due to volume incentives and expected customer returns. We offer volume incentives to some of our customers and account for these incentives as a reduction of sales. We estimate the amount of volume incentives earned based on our estimate of cumulative sales for the fiscal year relative to our customers progress toward achieving minimum purchase requirements. We record customer returns, including those associated with customer early buy programs, as a reduction of sales. Based on available information related to our customers returns, we record an allowance for estimated returns, which historically has not been material. We regularly review our marketing programs, coupons and customary business practices to determine if any variable consideration exists. Other items that we record as reductions to sales include cash discounts, pricing adjustments and credit card fees related to customer payments. The majority of our sales transactions do not contain additional performance obligations after delivery; therefore, we do not have multiple performance obligations for which to allocate the transaction price. We recognize shipping and handling costs associated with outbound freight in Selling and administrative expenses. We report sales net of tax amounts that we collect from our customers and remit to governmental authorities. These tax amounts may include, but are not limited to, sales, use, value-added and some excise taxes. Vendor Programs Many of our arrangements with our vendors provide for us to receive specified amounts of consideration when we achieve any of a number of measures. These measures are generally related to the volume level of purchases from our vendors, or our net cost of products sold, and may include negotiated pricing arrangements. We account for consideration under vendor programs as a reduction of the prices of the vendors products and as a reduction of inventory until we sell the products, at which time such considerations are recognized as a reduction of Cost of sales on our Consolidated Statements of Income. Throughout the year, we estimate the amount earned based on our expectation of total purchases for the fiscal year relative to the purchase levels that mark our progress toward earning consideration under each program. We accrue vendor benefits on a monthly basis using these estimates, provided that we determine they are probable and reasonably estimable. We continually revise these estimates to reflect actual credits earned based on actual purchase levels and trends related to sales and purchasing mix. When we make adjustments to our estimates, we determine whether any portion of the adjustment impacts the amount of vendor credits that are deferred in inventory. We recognize changes in our estimates as a cumulative catch-up adjustment to the amounts recognized to date in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Shipping and Handling Costs We record shipping and handling costs associated with inbound freight as cost of sales. The table below presents shipping and handling costs associated with outbound freight, which we include in Selling and administrative expenses (in thousands): 2025 2024 2023 $ 89,667 $ 90,268 $ 84,932 Share-Based Compensation We record share-based compensation for stock options and other share-based awards over the requisite service period based on the estimated fair value as measured on the grant date. For stock option awards, we use a Black-Scholes model for estimating the grant date fair value. The grant date fair value of share-based awards is equal to the closing market price of our common stock on the grant date. For additional discussion of share-based compensation, see Note 6. 56 Advertising Costs We expense advertising costs when incurred. The table below presents advertising expense for the past three years (in thousands): 2025 2024 2023 $ 22,884 $ 25,209 $ 28,532 Income Taxes Our income tax provision is based on income before income taxes and is accounted for under the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to settle. We recognize future tax benefits, such as net operating losses and tax credits, to the extent that realizing these benefits is considered in its judgment to be more likely than not. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized as income or expense in the period that includes the enactment date. We regularly review the recoverability of our deferred tax assets by considering our historic profitability, projected future taxable income and timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. When appropriate, we record a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets that are deemed not more likely than not to be realizable. We reduce federal and state income taxes payable by the tax benefits associated with the exercise of nonqualified stock options and the lapse of restrictions on restricted stock awards or increase for tax deficiencies. To the extent realized tax deductions exceed the amount of previously recognized deferred tax benefits related to share-based compensation, we record an excess tax benefit. To the extent realized tax deductions are less than the amount of previously recognized deferred tax benefits related to share-based compensation, we record an excess tax expense. We record all excess tax benefits or deficiencies as a component of income tax benefit or expense in the period in which stock options are exercised or restrictions on stock awards lapse. We record Global Intangible Low Tax Income (GILTI) on foreign earnings as period costs if and when incurred. We have not realized any impacts since the U.S. first imposed taxes on GILTI in December 2017. On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) was signed into law in the U.S., including a broad range of tax reform provisions. We currently do not expect the changes resulting from the OBBBA to have a material impact on our income tax provision. For additional information regarding income taxes, see Note 7. Equity Method Investments We account for our 50 % investment in Northpark Corporate Center, LLC (NCC) using the equity method of accounting. Accordingly, we report our share of income or loss based on our ownership interest in this investment. Earnings Per Share We calculate basic and diluted earnings per share using the two-class method. Earnings per share under the two-class method is calculated using net income attributable to common stockholders, which is net income reduced by earnings allocated to participating securities. Our participating securities include share-based awards that contain a non-forfeitable right to receive dividends and are considered to participate in undistributed earnings with common shareholders. Diluted EPS reflects the dilutive effects of potentially dilutive securities, which include in-the-money outstanding stock options and shares to be purchased under our employee stock purchase plan. Using the treasury stock method, the effect of dilutive securities includes these additional shares of common stock that would have been outstanding based on the assumption that these potentially dilutive securities had been issued. For additional discussion of earnings per share, see Note 8. 57 Foreign Currency The functional currency of each of our foreign subsidiaries is its applicable local currency. We translate our foreign subsidiary financial statements into U.S. dollars based on published exchange rates. We include these translation adjustments as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We include realized transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations in Interest and other non-operating expenses, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. We realized a net foreign currency transaction gain of $ 0.5 million in 2025, loss of $ 0.2 million in 2024 and gain of $ 0.8 million in 2023 . Fair Value Measurements Recurring Fair Value Measurements Our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis include the unrealized gains or losses on our interest rate swap contracts and our deferred compensation plan asset and liability. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under the accounting guidance are described below: Level 1 Inputs to the valuation methodology are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. Level 2 Inputs to the valuation methodology include: quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. Level 3 Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. The table below presents our assets and liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis (in thousands): Fair Value at December 31, Input Level Classification 2025 2024 Assets Unrealized gains on interest rate swaps Level 2 Prepaid expenses and other current assets $ $ 734 Unrealized gains on interest rate swaps Level 2 Other assets 9,115 19,876 Deferred compensation plan asset Level 1 Other assets 19,682 18,018 Liabilities Deferred compensation plan liability Level 1 Other long-term liabilities $ 19,682 $ 18,018 We use significant other observable market data or assumptions (Level 2 inputs) in determining the fair value of our interest rate swap contracts that we believe market participants would use in pricing similar assets or liabilities, including assumptions about counterparty risk. Our fair value estimates reflect an income approach based on the terms of the interest rate swap contracts and inputs corroborated by observable market data including interest rate curves. Our deferred compensation plan asset represents investments in securities (primarily mutual funds) traded in an active market (Level 1 inputs) held for the benefit of certain employees as part our deferred compensation plan. We record an equal and offsetting deferred compensation plan liability, which represents our obligation to participating employees. Changes in the fair value of the plan asset and 58 liability are reflected in Selling and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. For additional discussion of our nonqualified deferred compensation plan, see Note 11. The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value due to the short maturity of those instruments. The carrying value of long-term debt approximates fair value. Our determination of the estimated fair value reflects a discounted cash flow model using our estimates, including assumptions related to borrowing rates (Level 3 inputs). Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements In addition to our assets and liabilities that we measure at fair value on a recurring basis, our assets and liabilities are also subject to nonrecurring fair value measurements. Certain of our assets are recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, primarily assets acquired in a business combination or those subject to impairment charges. For additional discussion of goodwill and intangible assets and impairment, see Note 3. Derivatives and Hedging Activities At inception, we formally designate and document our interest rate swap contracts that qualify for hedge accounting as cash flow hedges of interest payments on variable rate borrowings. We formally assess, both at inception and at least quarterly, whether the financial instruments used in hedging transactions are effective at offsetting changes in cash flows of the related underlying exposure. To the extent our derivatives are effective in offsetting the variability of the hedged cash flows, we record the changes in the estimated fair value of our interest rate swap contracts to Accumulated other comprehensive loss on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our interest rate swap contracts are subject to master netting arrangements. According to our accounting policy, we do not offset the fair values of assets with the fair values of liabilities related to these contracts. We recognize any differences between the variable interest rate in effect and the fixed interest rate per our swap contracts as an adjustment to interest expense over the life of the swaps. For our interest rate swap contracts currently in effect, a portion of the change in the estimated fair value between periods relates to future interest expense. Recognition of the change in fair value between periods attributable to accrued interest is reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss to Interest and other non-operating expenses, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. These amounts were not material in any period presented. For additional discussion of our interest rate swaps, see Note 5. Cash Equivalents We consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Credit Risk and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts We record trade receivables at the invoiced amounts less an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses we may incur if customers do not pay. We perform periodic credit evaluations of our customers, and we typically do not require collateral. Consistent with industry practices, we generally require payment from our North American customers within 30 days, except for sales under early buy programs for which we provide extended payment terms to qualified customers. We estimate future losses based on historical bad debts, customer receivable balances, age of customer receivable balances, customers financial conditions and current economic trends, including certain trends in the housing market, the availability of consumer credit and general economic conditions (as commonly measured by GDP). We monitor housing market trends through review of the House Price Index as published by the Federal Housing Finance Agency, which measures the movement of single-family house prices. At the end of each quarter, we perform a reserve analysis of all accounts with balances greater than $ 20,000 that are more than 60 days past due. During the year, we write off account balances when we have exhausted reasonable collection efforts and determined that the likelihood of collection is remote. These write-offs are charged against our allowance for doubtful accounts. 59 The following table summarizes the changes in our allowance for doubtful accounts for the past three years (in thousands): 2025 2024 2023 Balance at beginning of year $ 8,593 $ 11,718 $ 9,522 Bad debt expense 2,868 4,187 7,526 Write-offs, net of recoveries ( 3,457 ) ( 7,312 ) ( 5,330 ) Balance at end of year $ 8,004 $ 8,593 $ 11,718 Product Inventories and Reserve for Inventory Obsolescence Product inventories consist primarily of goods we purchase from manufacturers to sell to our customers. We record inventory at the lower of cost, using the moving average cost method, or net realizable value. We establish our reserve for inventory obsolescence based on inventory with lower sales velocity and inventory with no sales for the past 12 months, which we believe represent some exposure to inventory obsolescence. The reserve is intended to reflect the net realizable value of inventory that we may not be able to sell at a profit. In evaluating the adequacy of our reserve for inventory obsolescence, we consider a combination of factors including: the level of inventory in relation to historical sales by product, including inventory usage based on product sales at both the sales center and on a company-wide basis; changes in customer preferences or regulatory requirements; seasonal fluctuations in inventory levels; geographic location; and superseded products and new product offerings. We periodically adjust our reserve for inventory obsolescence as changes occur in the above-identified factors. The following table summarizes the changes in our reserve for inventory obsolescence for the past three years (in thousands): 2025 2024 2023 Balance at beginning of year $ 26,662 $ 23,464 $ 21,208 Provision for inventory write-downs 3,951 10,484 8,483 Deduction for inventory write-offs ( 6,707 ) ( 7,286 ) ( 6,227 ) Balance at end of year $ 23,906 $ 26,662 $ 23,464 Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost. We depreciate property and equipment on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives: Buildings 40 years Leasehold improvements (1) 1 - 10 years Autos and trucks 3 - 6 years Machinery and equipment 3 - 15 years Computer equipment 3 - 7 years Furniture and fixtures 5 - 10 years (1) For substantial improvements made near the end of a lease term where we are reasonably certain the lease will be renewed, we amortize the leasehold improvement over the remaining life of the lease including the expected renewal period. The table below presents depreciation expense for the past three years (in thousands): 2025 2024 2023 $ 42,678 $ 36,784 $ 31,585 60 Acquisitions We use the acquisition method of accounting and recognize assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value as of the acquisition date. Any contingent assets acquired and contingent liabilities assumed are also recognized at fair value if we can reasonably estimate fair value during the measurement period (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date). We re-measure any contingent liabilities at fair value in each subsequent reporting period. We expense all acquisition-related costs as incurred, including any restructuring costs associated with a business combination. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Significant judgment is often required in estimating the fair value of assets acquired, particularly intangible assets. Our fair value estimates are based on available historical information and on expectations and assumptions about the future, considering the perspective of market participants. Unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may occur, which could affect the underlying estimates and assumptions. If our initial acquisition accounting is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which a business combination occurs, we report provisional amounts for incomplete items. Once we obtain information required to finalize the accounting for incomplete items, we adjust the provisional amounts recognized. We make adjustments to these provisional amounts during the measurement period. For all acquisitions, we include the results of operations in our Consolidated Financial Statements as of the acquisition date. For additional discussion of acquisitions, see Note 2. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Goodwill represents the excess of the amount we paid to acquire a company over the estimated fair value of tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired less liabilities assumed. We test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually as of October 1st and at any other time when impairment indicators exist. We have the option of first analyzing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carr