=== SWKS_2026-04-03.htm.gz ===
tm261577-5_nonfiling - none - 25.0718026s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 SKYWORKS SOLUTIONS, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS April 3, 2026 Dear Stockholder: You are invited to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) of Skyworks Solutions, Inc., to be held at: Time: 11:00 a.m. PDT Date: Wednesday, May 13, 2026 Website: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SWKS2026 You will be able to attend and participate in the Annual Meeting online at the website address above, where you will be able to listen to the meeting live, submit questions, and vote. We look forward to your participation online or by proxy. The attached Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement describe the matters that we expect to be acted upon at the Annual Meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting online, and regardless of how many shares you own, it is important that your shares be represented at the Annual Meeting. Accordingly, if you are a stockholder of record, we urge you to complete the proxy and return it to us promptly in the postage prepaid envelope provided, or to complete and submit your proxy by telephone or via the Internet in accordance with the instructions on the proxy card. If your shares are held in street name, that is, held for your account by a broker or other nominee, you will receive instructions from the holder of record that you must follow for your shares to be voted. If you do attend the Annual Meeting online and wish to vote at that time, you may revoke a previously submitted proxy by voting at the meeting. Sincerely yours, Robert J. Terry Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary TABLE OF CONTENTS L etter from C hairman of the B oard Dear Fellow Stockholder: Our fiscal year 2025 marked a period of change, excitement and opportunity for Skyworks under the guidance of our new Chief Executive Officer. In February 2025, we welcomed Philip G. Brace as our Chief Executive Officer and President and as a member of the Board of Directors. In choosing the next leader for Skyworks, the Board of Directors was focused on finding an individual with the skills, experience, and leadership to take Skyworks to the next level as we work to deliver operational excellence, innovate leading technologies and diversify our offerings in a dynamic industry. Since joining us, Phil Brace has demonstrated exemplary leadership and focus in executing on the strategic objectives of the company, as well as making impactful changes to the executive management team. Most significantly, in October 2025, we announced our entry into an agreement and plan of merger with Qorvo, Inc. We believe this transaction will provide: a larger and more diversified product portfolio offering for customers, a stronger innovation pipeline driven by enhanced investment in product and technology development, compelling strategic and financial opportunities, including the potential for enhanced scale and financial profile, advances in our domestic manufacturing position and improved factory utilization, and significant cost synergies once the companies are fully integrated, which we expect to be within 24 to 36 months after closing. Just recently, at our special stockholder meeting in February 2026, our shareholders approved the proposals that would effectuate this business combination. Additionally, under Phil Brace s leadership, we have made critical investments in innovation and remain steadfast in our commitment to innovate around our product and technology roadmaps. These investments will enable us to compete for and deliver wireless, mixed signal and analog solutions to a wide array of customers and segments ranging from mobile to Internet of Things, automotive, and data center. Lastly, our Board continues to believe that robust stockholder engagement is a fundamental element of sound corporate governance. Our discussions with stockholders in 2025 covered a range of topics, including executive compensation, our CEO and CFO transitions, Board composition, our efforts to eliminate the supermajority vote provisions from our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and our sustainability program. On behalf of the entire Board of Directors, I thank you for your continued investment in and support of Skyworks. We look forward to continuing to share our progress in the year ahead. With appreciation, Christine King Chairman of the Board TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Date and Time Location Record Date May 13, 2026 11:00 a.m. PDT www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ SWKS2026 March 19, 2026 Items of Business 1. To elect nine individuals nominated to serve as directors of the Company with terms expiring at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and named in the Proxy Statement; 2. To ratify the selection by the Company s Audit Committee of KPMG LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm for the Company for our fiscal year ending October 2, 2026 ( fiscal year 2026 ); 3. To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company s named executive officers; 4 - 7. To approve four separate amendments to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to eliminate the supermajority vote provisions relating to (a) stockholder approval of a merger or consolidation, disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, or issuance of a substantial amount of the Company s securities; (b) stockholder approval of a business combination with any related person; (c) stockholder amendment of charter provisions governing directors; and (d) stockholder amendment of the charter provision governing action by stockholders; 8. To approve the Company s 2026 Long-Term Incentive Plan; 9. To consider a stockholder proposal, if properly presented at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting ); and 10. To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting. Your Vote Is Important. To ensure your representation at the Annual Meeting, please submit your proxy or voting instructions as soon as possible by using any of the following methods, as described in greater detail on your proxy card or voter instruction form. Internet Phone Mail The accompanying Proxy Statement includes further information about how to attend the Annual Meeting online, vote your shares online during the Annual Meeting, and submit questions online during the Annual Meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors, Robert J. Terry Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Irvine, California April 3, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT 2026 Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary 1 Proposal 1: Election of Directors 8 Nominees for Election 10 Corporate Governance 17 Committees of the Board of Directors 21 Role of the Board of Directors in Risk Oversight 25 Compensation and Talent Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 26 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 27 Proposal 2: Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 28 Audit Fees 29 Report of the Audit Committee 30 Proposal 3: Advisory Vote on the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers ( Say-on-Pay Vote) 31 Information About Executive and Director Compensation 32 Summary and Highlights 32 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 33 Compensation Tables for Named Executive Officers 51 Pay Versus Performance 67 Director Compensation 71 Compensation and Talent Committee Report 73 Proposals 4 7: Approval of Amendments to Charter to Eliminate Supermajority Vote Provisions 76 Proposal 8: Approval of the Company s 2026 Long-Term Incentive Plan 80 Proposal 9: Stockholder Proposal Regarding Greenhouse Gas Emission Reduction Efforts Report 94 Statement of Opposition by the Board of Directors 96 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 99 General Information 101 Other Proposed Action 107 Other Matters 107 Appendix A: Unaudited Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 109 Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 110 Appendix B: Provisions of Charter Subject to Potential Amendment 112 Annex 1: 2026 Long-Term Incentive Plan 119 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY This summary highlights financial and other accomplishments during our fiscal year ended October 3, 2025 ( fiscal year 2025 ), as well as information generally contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider in advance of the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and we encourage you to read the entire Proxy Statement before voting your shares. 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date and Time Location Record Date May 13, 2026 11:00 a.m. PDT www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ SWKS2026 March 19, 2026 Matters to be Voted Upon Your vote is very important to us. Please cast your vote on all of the proposals to ensure that your shares are represented. Proposal Board Recommendation See page 1. Election of Directors FOR Each Nominee 8 2. Ratification of Appointment of KPMG LLP FOR 28 3. Advisory Vote to Approve Compensation of Named Executive Officers FOR 31 4 7. Approve Amendments to Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Eliminate Supermajority Vote Provisions FOR 76 8. Approve 2026 Long-Term Incentive Plan FOR 80 9. A Stockholder Proposal, if Properly Presented at the Annual Meeting AGAINST 94 Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Financial Highlights from Fiscal Year 2025 For the fiscal year ended October 3, 2025 ( fiscal year 2025 ), the Company achieved solid operational and financial performance, reflecting the durability of our business model. Throughout the year, we prioritized targeted investments in high-growth segments and continued expanding and diversifying our customer relationships. These efforts enhance our ability to capitalize on a broad set of opportunities fueled by favorable long-term market dynamics. Delivered net revenue of $4.1 billion Achieved operating margin of 12.2% on a GAAP basis ( 24.4% on a non-GAAP basis) (1) Posted diluted earnings per share of $3.08 on a GAAP basis ( $5.93 on a non-GAAP basis) (1) Generated annual operating cash flow of $1.301 billion, or 32% operating cash flow margin, and free cash flow (1) of $1.106 billion, or 27% free cash flow margin (1) Raised our quarterly dividend from $0.70 per share to $0.71 per share Returned approximately $1.263 billion to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends (1) Please see table on page 109 for a full reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results. The term GAAP means United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 2 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Other Accomplishments from Fiscal Year 2025 Throughout fiscal year 2025, our high-performance RF, precision timing, power, and mixed-signal technologies enabled smart, seamless connectivity across many of today s most important devices and systems. Our products helped power smartphones, Wi-Fi networks, software-defined vehicles, industrial automation, aerospace platforms, data centers, and emerging AI applications at the edge. Highlights from the year included: Announced merger with Qorvo, Inc. to create a U.S.-based leader in high-performance RF, analog and mixed-signal solutions Secured 5G content across premium Android smartphones Announced ultra-low jitter clock buffers for high-speed Ethernet and PCIe Gen 7 connectivity, enabling AI, cloud computing, and 5G/6G network applications Expanded Wi-Fi 7 portfolio traction across enterprise access points, consumer routers and home mesh networking, broadening adoption across enterprise, networking and home connectivity platforms Captured new automotive programs and key design wins spanning 5G telematics and in-vehicle infotainment platforms (2) Please see table on page 109 for a full reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results. Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Director Nominees Nine nominees, each of whom currently serves as a director, have been nominated for election to our Board of Directors (the Board ) to serve until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2027 Annual Meeting ) and until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. Additional information on each nominee may be found below under Election of Directors. The following table lists the nine nominees, their age, the year such nominees were first elected as directors of the Company, their principal occupation, their independence status, their Board committee membership(s) as of March 1, 2026, and the number of other public company boards on which they serve. Name Age Director Since Principal Occupation Independent Committee Memberships Other Public Company Boards Christine King Chairman of the Board 76 2014 Retired Executive Chairman, QLogic AC, CTC Philip G. Brace 55 2025 CEO and President, Skyworks Solutions 1 Alan S. Batey 63 2019 Retired EVP and President of North America, General Motors CTC (C) Kevin L. Beebe 67 2004 President and CEO, 2BPartners NCGC (C) 1 Eric J. Guerin 54 2022 CFO, RB Global, Inc. AC Suzanne E. McBride 57 2022 COO, Iridium Communications NCGC 1 David P. McGlade 65 2005 Retired Executive Chairman, Intelsat AC (C), NCGC Robert A. Schriesheim 65 2006 Chairman, Truax Partners 2 Maryann Turcke 60 2023 Former Chief Operating Officer, National Football League CTC, NCGC 1 AC indicates Audit Committee, CTC indicates Compensation and Talent Committee, NCGC indicates Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and (C) indicates Committee Chair. The nine director nominees standing for reelection to the Board have diverse backgrounds, skills, and experiences, and the average director tenure is approximately ten and a half years. We believe their varied backgrounds, skills, and experiences contribute to an effective and well-balanced Board that is able to provide valuable insight to, and effective oversight of, our senior management team. 4 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Highlights The Company has a proven track record of sound and effective corporate governance practices and policies, including those highlighted below. Corporate Governance Best Practices Annually Elected Directors All of our directors are elected annually Majority Vote Standard In uncontested elections, directors are elected by a majority of votes cast Board Leadership Our current Board Chairman is independent. At times when the Chairman is not independent, the Board selects a lead independent director with a robust set of duties set forth in our corporate governance guidelines Executive Sessions Our independent directors regularly meet in executive sessions without management, with the Chairman presiding Independent Board Committees All members of the Board s three standing committees are independent directors Board Refreshment Our Board regularly takes steps to refresh its membership, including adding four new directors since 2022 Risk Assessment Our Board and its committees regularly review management s processes for identifying, assessing, and managing risks Annual Board Assessment The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees an annual evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board, each committee, and individual directors Executive Succession Planning The Board periodically reviews and approves the executive succession plan in consultation with the Compensation and Talent Committee and the Chief Executive Officer No Poison Pill The Board has not adopted a poison pill Stock Ownership Requirements All directors and executive officers are subject to robust stock ownership requirements Prohibition on Pledging We prohibit our directors and employees from pledging Company securities Special Meeting Right Our stockholders have the right to call a special meeting of the Company s stockholders Proxy Access Eligible stockholders may nominate their own director nominees to be included in the Company s proxy materials Regular Stockholder Engagement We regularly conduct outreach to our stockholders to understand their perspectives on various matters Director Commitments All directors are subject to our policy on director public company board commitments and annual review by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee regarding those commitments Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Highlights Under our pay-for-performance philosophy, we believe that executive compensation should be strongly aligned with the interests of our long-term stockholders. As a result, a substantial portion of the annual compensation for our executives is tied to Company performance and stock price performance. The charts below show the total direct compensation mix for fiscal year 2025 for Mr. Brace, our Chief Executive Officer, and the average for our other named executive officers for fiscal year 2025* (the Other Named Executive Officers ), in each case reflecting actual salary, short-term incentive award, and the grant date fair value of long-term stock-based compensation awards. * Excludes Mr. Sennesael, who ceased serving as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on May 9, 2025, and Mr. Schriesheim, who ceased serving as Interim Chief Financial Officer on September 8, 2025. # If the Brace New Hire PSA were excluded, the total percentage tied to At Risk would be 93%, the total percentage tied to Subject to Performance Metrics would be 60%, the total percentage tied to Long-Term Stock-Based Incentive would be 76%, and the breakdown by types of compensation changes to: 7% Base Salary, 17% Short-Term Incentive, 33% Restricted Stock Units, and 43% Performance Shares. Excludes Mr. Griffin, who ceased serving as Chief Executive Officer and President on February 17, 2025. Select Changes for Fiscal Year 2026 For the Company s fiscal year ending October 2, 2026 ( fiscal year 2026 ), the Compensation and Talent Committee made several changes to our executive compensation program, many of which were in response to feedback from stockholders and all were in consideration of our business priorities. For example, all of the performance share awards ( PSA ) granted for fiscal year 2026 will cliff vest at the end of a three-year vesting period subject to the achievement of applicable performance metrics, instead of a combination of two and three-year vesting periods for the various performance metrics. Full detail of all decisions for fiscal year 2026 will be included in our 2027 proxy statement. 6 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Stockholder Engagement Engagement with the Company s stockholders is a critical part of our commitment to good corporate governance, and we regularly conduct outreach to our stockholders to understand their perspectives on various matters. Most recently, we engaged in formal stockholder outreach following the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting ) and through February 2026. We conducted outreach to nineteen of our largest institutional stockholders representing approximately 60% of the Company s shares outstanding. Stockholders representing approximately 49% of the Company s shares outstanding responded to the outreach, and we held engagement meetings with those stockholders who wanted to meet, representing approximately 18% of the Company s outstanding shares. Our Chairman of the Board was actively involved in stockholder engagement. During these conversations, institutional stockholders were interested in discussing a range of topics, including our Chief Executive Officer transition in February 2025, the composition of the Board, business performance and strategy, our efforts to eliminate the supermajority vote provisions from our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and our sustainability program. A summary of the stockholder engagement was provided to the Board. Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Under this Proposal 1, you are being asked to consider nine nominees for election to our Board to serve until the 2027 Annual Meeting and until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. Each nominee for election has agreed to serve if elected, and the Board knows of no reason why any nominee should be unable or unwilling to serve. If a nominee is unable or unwilling to serve, the attorneys-in-fact named in this Proxy Statement will vote any shares represented at the meeting by proxy for the election of another individual nominated by the Board, if any. No nominee or executive officer is related by blood, marriage, or adoption to any other director, nominee, or executive officer. No arrangements or understandings exist between any director or person nominated for election as a director and any other person pursuant to which such person is to be selected as a director or nominee for election as a director. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of individuals than the number of nominees named in this Proxy Statement. The following table lists the nine nominees for election as directors, the year such nominees were first elected as directors of the Company, and their standing Board committee memberships as of March 1, 2026. The table also lists the number of meetings held by each committee during fiscal year 2025. Director Since Committee Memberships Name Independent AC CTC NCGC Christine King, Chairman of the Board 2014 Alan S. Batey 2019 C Kevin L. Beebe 2004 C Philip G. Brace 2025 Eric J. Guerin 2022 Suzanne E. McBride 2022 David P. McGlade 2005 C Robert A. Schriesheim 2006 Maryann Turcke 2023 Number of Meetings in FY2025 6 8 5 AC indicates Audit Committee, CTC indicates Compensation and Talent Committee, NCGC indicates Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and C indicates Committee Chair 8 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Immediately below this proposal is biographical information about each of the director nominees, including information regarding each nominee s business experience for the past five years, and the names of other public companies for which each nominee currently serves or has served as a director during the past five years. In addition to the information presented below regarding each nominee s specific experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills that led our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and our Board to conclude that he or she should serve as a director, we also believe that each of our directors has a reputation for integrity, honesty, and adherence to high ethical standards. They have each demonstrated business acumen, an ability to exercise sound judgment, knowledge of our business and industry, and the willingness to devote the time needed to be an effective director. Majority Vote Standard for Election of Directors A nominee for election as a director in an uncontested election (an election where the number of nominees for election as directors is equal to or less than the number of directors to be elected) will be elected if the number of votes cast FOR such nominee s election exceeds the number of votes cast AGAINST the nominee s election. In a contested election (in which the number of nominees for election as directors exceeds the number of directors to be elected at such meeting), directors are elected by a plurality of all votes cast in such election. The election of directors at this Annual Meeting is uncontested. As a result, each nominee for election as a director at the Annual Meeting will only be elected if the votes cast FOR such nominee exceed the number of votes cast AGAINST such nominee. As required by our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are available on the Investor Relations portion of the Company s website at www.skyworksinc.com, each incumbent director who is a nominee for election as a director at the Annual Meeting submitted to the Board an irrevocable resignation that would become effective if the votes cast FOR such nominee s election do not exceed the votes cast AGAINST such nominee s election and our Board determines to accept his or her resignation. Upon such resignation by a nominee and pursuant to the procedures set forth in the corporate governance guidelines, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will evaluate the best interests of our Company and stockholders and will recommend to our Board the action to be taken with respect to the resignation. The Board will then decide whether to accept, reject, or modify the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s recommendation, and the Company will publicly disclose such decision by the Board with respect to the director nominee. Shares represented by all proxies received by the Board that are properly completed, but do not specify a choice as to the election of directors, will be voted FOR the election of all nine of the nominees. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE NINE NOMINEES IN PROPOSAL 1 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Nominees for Election Christine King, Chairman of the Board Director since: 2014 Age: 76 Ms. King has been Chairman of the Board since February 2025. She first joined the Board in 2014 and served as Lead Independent Director from 2019 to February 2025. She served as Executive Chairman of QLogic Corporation (a publicly traded developer of high-performance server and storage networking connectivity products) from August 2015 until August 2016, when it was acquired by Cavium, Inc. Previously, she served as Chief Executive Officer of Standard Microsystems Corporation ( Standard Microsystems ) (a publicly traded developer of silicon- based integrated circuits utilizing analog and mixed-signal technologies) from 2008 until the company s acquisition in 2012 by Microchip Technology, Inc. Prior to Standard Microsystems, Ms. King was Chief Executive Officer of AMI Semiconductor, Inc., a publicly traded company, from 2001 until it was acquired by ON Semiconductor Corp. in 2008. Qualifications: Ms. King s qualifications to serve as a director include her extensive management and operational experience in the high-tech and semiconductor industries as well as her significant strategic and financial expertise. Committee(s) Audit Compensation and Talent Other Public Company Boards Current None Past 5 Years Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. (until 2021) IDACORP, Inc. (until 2021) 10 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Philip G. Brace, Chief Executive Officer and President Director since: 2025 Age: 55 Prior to his appointment as Chief Executive Officer and President and a director in February 2025, Mr. Brace served as interim Executive Chairman of Inseego Corp. ( Inseego ) (a publicly traded designer and developer of wireless broadband and IoT solutions) from February 2024 to February 2025 and served on the board of directors of Inseego from September 2023 to February 2025. Before that, Mr. Brace was President and Chief Executive Officer of Sierra Wireless Inc. (a formerly publicly traded provider of IoT solutions) from July 2021 to January 2023 where he led the company through significant improvements. Mr. Brace also held previous roles as Executive Vice President of Veritas Software Technology Corp (a formerly publicly traded provider of data management and protection solutions for businesses) from 2019 to 2021, and President of Cloud Systems at Seagate Technology Holdings PLC (a publicly traded manufacturer of data storage products) from 2015 to 2017. Previously, Mr. Brace served in engineering and management roles at Intel Corporation (a publicly traded developer of computer components) and LSI Corporation (a formerly publicly traded semiconductor designer acquired by Avago Technologies Limited). Qualifications: Mr. Brace s qualifications to serve as a director include his deep understanding of the semiconductor industry and his prior executive experience in the server, IoT and storage industries, as well as his track record of helping businesses enhance their product lines, market penetration and growth. Committee(s) None Other Public Company Boards Current BlackBerry Limited Past 5 Years Inseego Corp. (until 2025) Lantronix, Inc. (until 2025) Sierra Wireless Inc. (until 2023) Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Alan S. Batey Director since: 2019 Age: 63 Mr. Batey served as Executive Vice President and President of North America for General Motors Company (a publicly traded automotive manufacturer), as well as the Global Brand Chief for Chevrolet, a division of General Motors Company, from 2014 until 2019. His career spans more than 39 years with General Motors where he held various senior management positions in operations, marketing, and sales around the world. Qualifications: Mr. Batey s qualifications to serve as a director include his extensive senior management experience at General Motors, where he developed expertise on a broad set of complex strategic, operational, and technological matters involving the automotive industry, an industry that is expected to be a growth market for the Company. Committee(s) Compensation and Talent (Chair) Other Public Company Boards Current None Past 5 Years None Kevin L. Beebe Director since: 2004 Age: 67 Mr. Beebe has been President and Chief Executive Officer of 2BPartners, LLC (a partnership that provides strategic, financial, and operational advice to private equity investors and management) since 2007. In 2014, Mr. Beebe became a founding partner of Astra Capital Management (a private equity firm based in Washington, D.C.). Previously, beginning in 1998, he was Group President of Operations at ALLTEL Corporation (a telecommunications services company). Qualifications: Mr. Beebe s qualifications to serve as a director include his two decades of experience as an operating executive in the wireless telecommunications industry as well as his experience and relationships gained from advising leading private equity firms that are transacting business in the global capital markets. Committee(s) Nominating and Corporate Governance (Chair) Other Public Company Boards Current SBA Communications Corporation Past 5 Years Frontier Communications Parent, Inc. (formerly Frontier Communications Corporation) (until 2026) Altimar Acquisition Corporation (until 2021) Altimar Acquisition Corp. II (until 2021) 12 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Eric J. Guerin Director since: 2022 Age: 54 Mr. Guerin serves as Chief Financial Officer of RB Global, Inc. (a publicly traded provider of insights, services and transaction solutions for buyers and sellers of commercial assets and vehicles), a role he has held since January 2024. Previously, Mr. Guerin served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Veritiv Corporation (a formerly publicly traded provider of packaging and hygiene products), from March 2023 to December 2023 and as its Senior Vice President-Finance from January 2023 to March 2023. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CDK Global Inc. (a formerly publicly traded provider of integrated technology solutions to the automotive industry) from 2021 to 2022. From 2016 to 2021, he served as Division Vice President and sector Chief Financial Officer at Corning Glass Technologies, a division of Corning Inc. (a publicly traded innovator in materials science). Previously, he served in financial leadership roles at Flowserve Corporation, Novartis Corporation, Johnson Johnson Services Inc., and AstraZeneca PLC, each a publicly traded company or subsidiary thereof. Qualifications: Mr. Guerin s qualifications to serve as a director include his financial and operational expertise across multiple dynamic industries. Committee(s) Audit Other Public Company Boards Current None Past 5 Years Natus Medical Incorporated (until 2022) Suzanne E. McBride Director since: 2022 Age: 57 Ms. McBride serves as Chief Operations Officer for Iridium Communications, Inc. ( Iridium ) (a publicly traded operator of a global satellite communications network). Prior to rejoining Iridium in February 2019, where she had previously served from 2007 to 2016 in various leadership roles, Ms. McBride served from June 2016 to January 2019 as Senior Vice President and Chief Operations Officer for OneWeb (a privately held company building a space-based global communications network that filed a voluntary petition for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in March 2020). Earlier in her career, she held a series of increasingly senior positions in technology and operations with Motorola Solutions, Inc. (a publicly traded telecommunications company), and General Dynamics Corporation (a publicly traded aerospace and defense company). Qualifications: Ms. McBride s qualifications to serve as a director include her extensive strategy and operations expertise developed through more than twenty-five years of experience within the wireless technology industry, including her experience at Iridium overseeing cybersecurity initiatives and the teams responsible for artificial intelligence strategy and implementation. Committee(s) Nominating and Corporate Governance Other Public Company Boards Current Iridium Communications, Inc. Past 5 Years None Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS David P. McGlade Director since: 2005 Age: 65 Mr. McGlade served as Chairman of the Board of Intelsat S.A. ( Intelsat ) (a formerly publicly traded worldwide provider of satellite communication services) from April 2013 to February 2022. He served as Executive Chairman of Intelsat from April 2015 to March 2018, prior to which he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. McGlade joined Intelsat in April 2005 and was the Deputy Chairman from August 2008 until April 2013. Previously, Mr. McGlade served as an Executive Director of mmO2 PLC and as the Chief Executive Officer of O2 UK (a subsidiary of mmO2), a position he held from October 2000 until March 2005. Qualifications: Mr. McGlade s qualifications to serve as a director include his significant operational, strategic, and financial acumen, as well as his knowledge about global capital markets, developed over approximately four decades of experience in the telecommunications industry. Committee(s) Audit (Chair) Nominating and Corporate Governance Other Public Company Boards Current None Past 5 Years Intelsat S.A. (until 2022) Robert A. Schriesheim Director since: 2006 Age: 65 Mr. Schriesheim served as the Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company from May 2025 to September 2025. He has been Chairman of Truax Partners LLC (a consulting firm) since 2018 and has served as Adjunct Associate Professor of Finance at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business since September 2023. He served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sears Holdings Corporation (a publicly traded nationwide retailer) from August 2011 to October 2016. From January 2010 to October 2010, Mr. Schriesheim was Chief Financial Officer of Hewitt Associates, Inc. (a global human resources consulting and outsourcing company that was acquired by Aon Corporation). From October 2006 until December 2009, he was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Lawson Software, Inc. (a formerly publicly traded ERP software provider acquired by GGC Software Holdings, Inc. in 2011). Qualifications: Mr. Schriesheim s qualifications to serve as a director include his extensive knowledge of the capital markets and corporate financial capital structures, his expertise evaluating and structuring merger and acquisition transactions within the technology sector, and his experience gained through leading companies through major strategic and financial corporate transformations. Committee(s) None Other Public Company Boards Current Houlihan Lokey, Inc., Lead Independent Director Alight, Inc. Past 5 Years Indivior PLC (until 2025) Frontier Communications Corporation (until 2021) 14 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Maryann Turcke Director since: 2023 Age: 60 Ms. Turcke most recently served as a senior advisor at Brookfield Asset Management from September 2020 to September 2022. Previously, Ms. Turcke served as Chief Operating Officer of the National Football League ( NFL ) from January 2018 to September 2020 and as a Senior Advisor for the NFL from September 2020 to May 2021. She joined the league as President of NFL Network, Digital Media, NFL Films and IT in April 2017. Prior to the NFL, Ms. Turcke served for more than a decade in various leadership roles within BCE Inc. (a publicly traded communications company formerly known as Bell Canada Enterprises), including serving from April 2015 to February 2017 as president of Bell Media, a division of BCE. Qualifications: Ms. Turcke s qualifications to serve as a director include her significant operational, management and financial experience, including in the telecommunications industry. Committee(s) Compensation and Talent Nominating and Corporate Governance Other Public Company Boards Current Royal Bank of Canada Past 5 Years Frontier Communications Parent, Inc. (formerly Frontier Communications Corporation) (until 2026) Northern Star Investment Corp. II (until 2023) Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS The table below summarizes the key qualifications and attributes relied upon by the Board in nominating each of our nine current directors for election. Marks indicate specific areas of focus or expertise relied on by the Board. The lack of a mark in a particular area does not necessarily signify a director s lack of qualification or experience in such area. 16 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Stockholder Engagement Engagement with the Company s stockholders is a critical part of our commitment to good corporate governance, and we regularly conduct outreach to our stockholders to better understand their perspectives on various matters. Most recently, we engaged in formal stockholder outreach following the 2025 Annual Meeting. We conducted outreach to nineteen of our largest institutional stockholders representing approximately 60% of the Company s shares outstanding. Stockholders representing approximately 49% of the Company s shares outstanding responded to the outreach, and we held engagement meetings with those stockholders who wanted to meet, representing approximately 18% of the Company s outstanding shares. Our Chairman of the Board was actively involved in stockholder engagement. We discussed various key governance and disclosure topics with institutional stockholders, including the following: CEO Transition: Our institutional stockholders expressed widespread interest in the process that led to Mr. Brace being selected as our CEO. We discussed the rigorous, thoughtful and thorough CEO search process conducted by the Board with the assistance of an executive search firm as well as his transition into the role. Executive Compensation: We covered a wide range of topics of interest to our stockholders relating to executive compensation, including short-term incentives, long-term incentives, and compensation for our new CEO. A couple of our institutional investors requested disclosure around Mr. Brace s equity awards, and we prepared our disclosures in this Proxy Statement with that feedback in mind. Board Composition: Our institutional stockholders expressed support for the Company s approach to Board refreshment, including our practice of phased retirement of long-tenured directors and appointment of new directors that would add to the breadth of skills and backgrounds of our directors while maintaining a balance of tenure on the Board. Several of our institutional stockholders raised the separation of the Chairman and CEO roles, noting this as a positive development. Sustainability Disclosure: During this engagement cycle, our large institutional stockholders did not express the same level of interest as in prior years in discussing sustainability topics. Our Board values the opinions expressed by our stockholders and will continue to consider voting results from our stockholder meetings, as well as feedback obtained through our regular stockholder engagement efforts when making future decisions regarding various matters. Board of Directors Meetings The Board met thirteen (13) times during fiscal year 2025. During fiscal year 2025, each incumbent director who served on the Board in fiscal year 2025 attended at least 75% of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of the Board and the total number of meetings held by all committees of the Board on which he or she served, except for Mr. Brace, who joined the Board in February 2025 and attended 100% of the meetings of the Board that were held in fiscal year 2025 during which he was a Board member. The Company s policy with respect to directors attendance at the Annual Meeting is included in our corporate governance guidelines, which are available on the Investor Relations portion of the Company s website at www.skyworksinc.com. At the 2025 Annual Meeting, each director then in office was in attendance. Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Independence Each year, the Board reviews the relationships that each director has with the Company and with other parties. Only those directors who do not have any of the categorical relationships that preclude them from being independent within the meaning of the applicable Listing Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the Nasdaq Rules ) and who the Board affirmatively determines have no relationships that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director are considered to be independent directors. The Board has reviewed a number of factors to evaluate the independence of each of its members. These factors include its members current and historic relationships with the Company and its competitors, suppliers, and customers; their relationships with management and other directors; the relationships their current and former employers have with the Company; and the relationships between the Company and other companies of which a member of the Company s Board is a director or executive officer. After evaluating these factors, the Board has determined that eight of the nine members of the Board, namely, Alan S. Batey, Kevin L. Beebe, Eric J. Guerin, Christine King, Suzanne E. McBride, David P. McGlade, Robert A. Schriesheim, and Maryann Turcke, do not have any relationships that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out their responsibilities as directors and that each such director is an independent director of the Company within the meaning of applicable Nasdaq Rules. Corporate Governance Guidelines The Board has adopted corporate governance practices to help fulfill its responsibilities to the stockholders in overseeing the work of management and the Company s business results. These guidelines are intended to ensure that the Board has the necessary authority and practices in place to review and evaluate the Company s business operations, as needed, and to make decisions that are independent of the Company s management. In addition, the guidelines are intended to align the interests of directors and management with those of the Company s stockholders. A copy of the Company s corporate governance guidelines is available on the Investor Relations portion of the Company s website at www.skyworksinc.com. In accordance with these corporate governance guidelines, independent members of the Board met in executive session without management present eight (8) times during fiscal year 2025. Ms. King served as presiding director for these meetings. Additional Board Service Directors are expected to commit sufficient time and attention to the activities of the Board. Our corporate governance guidelines include a public company board commitment policy. In accordance with this policy, except as otherwise approved by the Board: an executive officer of the Company who serves as a director of the Company should not serve on more than one other public company board; a director of the Company who serves as an executive officer of another public company should not serve on more than two total public company boards (including the Company); and a director of the Company who does not serve as an executive officer of any public company should not serve on more than four total public company boards (including the Company). For purposes of this policy, the term public company means a company with a class of securities registered pursuant to section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ) or subject to the requirements of section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. In addition, the corporate governance guidelines provide that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee must conduct an annual review of director commitments to public company board service (including any committee chair role) and any executive officer role (if applicable) in connection with its recommendation of directors for election to the Board at the annual meeting 18 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS of stockholders. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee conducted a review of director commitments for our 2026 director nominees. All our 2026 director nominees comply with our public company board commitment policy. Code of Ethics We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers, and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. We make available our code of business conduct and ethics free of charge through our website at www.skyworksinc.com. We intend to disclose any amendments to, or waivers from, our code of business conduct and ethics that are required to be publicly disclosed by posting any such amendment or waivers on our website pursuant to requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) and Nasdaq Rules. Insider Trading Policy We have adopted the Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Company Policy Regarding Insider Trading and Disclosure of Material Non-Public Information governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of the Company s securities by directors, officers and employees, which the Company believes is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any listing standards applicable to the Company. A copy of the Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Company Policy Regarding Insider Trading and Disclosure of Material Non-Public Information is filed as Exhibit 19 to Amendment No. 1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 27, 2024. Executive Officer and Director Stock Ownership Requirements We have adopted executive officer and director stock ownership guidelines that require our executive officers (including those Named Executive Officers who are still currently serving as executive officers) and non-employee directors to hold a significant equity interest in Skyworks with the objective of more closely aligning the interests of our executive officers and directors with those of our stockholders. All of our Named Executive Officers and non-employee directors met the stock ownership guidelines as of January 30, 2026, the date the Company filed Amendment No. 1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K disclosing executive compensation data for fiscal year 2025 (with the exception of Mr. Brace, Mr. Carter, and Ms. Turcke, who are not required to comply with the guidelines until the fifth anniversary of their respective appointments as an executive officer to the Company or as a member of the Board). Executive Succession Planning The Board considers succession planning for the Chief Executive Officer and other senior executives to be one of its primary responsibilities. In accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Chief Executive Officer provides an annual report to the Board regarding succession planning and management development, including a succession plan for the Chief Executive Officer. The Board also discusses management succession with the Chief Executive Officer and in executive session when the Chief Executive Officer is not present. The appointment of Philip G. Brace as our Chief Executive Officer and President and as a member of the Board, effective February 17, 2025, was the culmination of an orderly, robust and thorough succession planning process led by our Board, with the assistance of an executive search firm. In its evaluation of potential candidates, the Board focused on skills, attributes and experience that they believed would be beneficial to and align with the needs of the Company. The Board found in Mr. Brace an accomplished technology executive who could bring strategic insight and leadership with deep knowledge of the semiconductor industry and extensive experience in helping businesses enhance their product lines and achieve market penetration and profitable growth. To help ensure a smooth transition, Liam K. Griffin Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS remained with the Company in an advisory role for three months following Mr. Brace s appointment. Board Leadership Structure Our Board selects the Company s Chairman of the Board in the manner it determines to be in the best interests of the Company at the time. In connection with our Chief Executive Officer transition in February 2025, the Board determined it appropriate to separate the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board roles. The Board believes that this separation of duties enhances our corporate governance by allowing the Chairman to continue focusing on and strengthening oversight, while our Chief Executive Officer focuses on enhancing and executing the strategic vision for and day-to-day management of the Company. In the event that the Chairman of the Board is not an independent director, the Board will select a Lead Independent Director. The Board believes that this leadership structure, coupled with a strong emphasis on Board independence, provides effective independent oversight of management. Ms. King served as our Lead Independent Director from May 2019 until our Board appointed her as Chairman of the Board in February 2025. The Board believes our current leadership structure is appropriate. Stockholder Communications Our stockholders may communicate directly with the Board as a whole or to individual directors by letter addressed directly to such individual or individuals at the following address: c/o Skyworks Solutions, Inc. 5260 California Avenue Irvine, CA 92617 Attention: Secretary The Company will forward to each director to whom such communication is addressed, and to the Chairman of the Board in her capacity as representative of the entire Board, such letters as applicable and appropriate, depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communication. Certain items that are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the Board will not be forwarded, such as: business solicitation or advertisements; product- or service-related inquiries, junk mail or mass mailings; resumes or other job-related inquiries; spam; and overly hostile, threatening, potentially illegal, or similarly inappropriate communications. 20 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Committees of the Board of Directors The Board has a standing Audit Committee, Compensation and Talent Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Audit Committee We have established an Audit Committee consisting of the following individuals, each of whom the Board has determined is independent within the meaning of applicable Nasdaq Rules and meets the criteria for independence set forth in Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act: Mr. McGlade (Chairman), Mr. Guerin and Ms. King. During fiscal year 2025, Mr. Schriesheim served on the Audit Committee until his May 29, 2025 appointment as Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The primary responsibility of the Audit Committee is the oversight of the quality and integrity of the Company s financial statements, the Company s internal financial and accounting processes, and the independent audit process. Additionally, the Audit Committee has the responsibilities and authority necessary to comply with Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee meets privately with the independent registered public accounting firm, reviews their performance and independence from management, and has the sole authority to retain and dismiss the independent registered public accounting firm. These and other aspects of the Audit Committee s authority are more particularly described in the Company s Audit Committee Charter, which the Board adopted, is reviewed annually by the committee, and is available on the Investor Relations portion of our website at www.skyworksinc.com. The Audit Committee has adopted a formal policy concerning approval of audit and non-audit services to be provided to the Company by its independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP. The policy requires that all services provided by KPMG LLP, including audit services and permitted audit-related and non-audit services, be preapproved by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has delegated to its Chairman the authority to grant pre-approval for audit services and permitted non-audit services, provided that any such approvals are presented to the full Audit Committee for ratification at its next meeting. The Audit Committee preapproved all audit and non-audit services provided by KPMG LLP for fiscal year 2025. The Audit Committee met six (6) times during fiscal year 2025. Audit Committee Financial Expert The Board has determined that each of the following members of the Audit Committee meets the qualifications of an audit committee financial expert under SEC rules and the qualifications of financial sophistication under the applicable Nasdaq Rules and qualifies as independent as defined under the applicable Nasdaq Rules: Mr. McGlade (Chairman), Mr. Guerin and Ms. King. Compensation and Talent Committee We have established a Compensation and Talent Committee consisting of the following individuals, each of whom the Board has determined is independent within the meaning of applicable Nasdaq Rules and a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act: Mr. Batey (Chairman), Ms. King and Ms. Turcke. During fiscal year 2025, Mr. Schriesheim was also a member of the Compensation and Talent Committee until his May 29, 2025 appointment as Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The Compensation and Talent Committee met eight (8) times during fiscal year 2025. The functions of the Compensation and Talent Committee include establishing the appropriate level of compensation, including short- and long-term incentive compensation of the Chief Executive Officer, all other executive officers, and any other officers or employees who report directly to the Chief Executive Officer. The Compensation and Talent Committee also administers Skyworks equity-based compensation Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS plans. The Compensation and Talent Committee s authority to grant equity awards to the Company s executive officers may not be delegated to the Company s management or others. The Board has adopted a written charter for the Compensation and Talent Committee, and it is available on the Investor Relations portion of the Company s website at www.skyworksinc.com. The Compensation and Talent Committee has engaged Aon to assist it in determining the components and amounts of executive compensation. The consultant reports directly to the Compensation and Talent Committee, through its Chairman, and the Compensation and Talent Committee retains the right to terminate or replace the consultant at any time. The process and procedures followed by the Compensation and Talent Committee in considering and determining executive and director compensation are described below under Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee We have established a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consisting of the following individuals, each of whom the Board has determined is independent within the meaning of applicable Nasdaq Rules: Mr. Beebe (Chairman), Ms. McBride, Mr. McGlade, and Ms. Turcke. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee met five (5) times during fiscal year 2025. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for evaluating and recommending individuals for election or reelection to the Board and its committees, including any recommendations that may be submitted by stockholders, as well as the evaluation and recommendation of corporate governance policies. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees the annual evaluation process for the Board, each committee, and individual directors, by soliciting from each director his or her assessment of the effectiveness of the Board, the committees on which he or she serves, and other individual directors. These and other aspects of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s authority are more particularly described in the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, which the Board adopted and is available on the Investor Relations portion of the Company s website at www.skyworksinc.com. Director Nomination Procedures The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee evaluates director candidates in the context of the overall composition and needs of the Board, including taking into account the results of the annual Board evaluation process, with the objective of recommending a group that can best manage the business and affairs of the Company and represent the interests of the Company s stockholders. The committee seeks directors who possess certain minimum qualifications, including the following: A director must have substantial or significant business or professional experience or an understanding of technology, finance, marketing, financial reporting, international business, or other disciplines relevant to the business of the Company. A director (other than an employee-director) must be free from any relationship that, in the opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise of his or her independent judgment as a member of the Board or of a Board committee. The committee also considers the following qualities and skills, among others, in its selection of directors and as candidates for appointment to the committees of the Board: economic, technical, scientific, academic, financial, accounting, legal, marketing, or other expertise applicable to the business of the Company; leadership or substantial achievement in their particular fields; demonstrated ability to exercise sound business judgment; integrity and high moral and ethical character; potential to contribute to the diversity of viewpoints, backgrounds, or experiences of the Board as a whole; 22 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS capacity and desire to represent the balanced, best interests of the Company as a whole and not primarily a special interest group or constituency; ability to work well with others; high degree of interest in the business of the Company; dedication to the success of the Company; commitment to the responsibilities of a director; and international business or professional experience. The committee believes that our Board, taken as a whole, should embody a diverse set of skills, experiences, and backgrounds in order to better inform its decisions. The committee will also take into account the fact that a majority of the Board must meet the independence requirements of the applicable Nasdaq Rules. The Company expects that a director s existing and future commitments will not materially interfere with such director s obligations to the Company. For candidates who are incumbent directors, the committee considers each director s past attendance at meetings and participation in and contributions to the activities of the Board. The committee identifies candidates for director nominees in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Chairman of the Board, through the use of search firms or other advisors or through such other methods as the committee deems to be helpful to identify candidates. Once candidates have been identified, the committee confirms whether the candidates meet all of the minimum qualifications for director nominees set forth above through interviews, background checks, or any other means that the committee deems to be helpful in the evaluation process. The committee then meets to discuss and evaluate the qualities and skills of each candidate, both on an individual basis and considering the overall composition and needs of the Board. Based on the results of the evaluation process, the committee recommends candidates for director nominees for election to the Board. Stockholder Nominees For Directors The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider director candidates recommended by stockholders provided such stockholders follow the procedures set forth below. The committee does not intend to alter the manner in which it evaluates candidates, including the criteria set forth above, based on whether the candidate was recommended by a stockholder or otherwise. For recommendations for election to the Board proposed by stockholders to be considered by the committee for election at the 2027 Annual Meeting, the recommendation must be in writing, must be received by the committee no later than December 4, 2026 nor earlier than November 4, 2026, and must include the information specified in the Company s Policy Governing Director Nominations and Security Holder Board Communications which is posted in the Investor Relations section of the Company s website. Stockholders who wish to nominate director candidates for election at the 2027 Annual Meeting, but who are not to be included in the Company s proxy materials pursuant to the proxy access provisions in our By-laws that are described in the next paragraph, may do so in accordance with the provisions of our By-laws by submitting a written notice to the Secretary of the Company at the address below no earlier than the close of business on January 13, 2027, and no later than the close of business on February 12, 2027. In the event that the 2027 Annual Meeting is advanced by more than thirty (30) days, or delayed (other than as a result of adjournment) by more than sixty (60) days, from the first anniversary of the Company s 2026 Annual Meeting, then the required notice must be delivered in writing to the Secretary of the Company at the address below no earlier than the close of business on the 120 th day prior to the date of the 2027 Annual Meeting and no later than the close of business on the later of the 90 th day prior to the 2027 Annual Meeting or the 10th day following the day on which the public announcement of the date of the 2027 Annual Meeting is first made by the Company. Such notice must include the information specified in Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Article II, Section 8(A)(2) of the Company s By-laws, including the information required by Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act. A stockholder (or a group of up to twenty stockholders) who has owned at least three percent of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock continuously for at least three years, and has complied with the other requirements in the Company s By-laws, may nominate and include in the Company s proxy materials a number of director nominees up to the greater of two individuals or 20% of the Board. Written notice of a proxy access nomination for inclusion in our proxy statement for the 2027 Annual Meeting must be received in writing by the Secretary of the Company at the address below no earlier than December 14, 2026, and no later than January 13, 2027. In the event that the 2027 Annual Meeting is held more than thirty (30) days before, or more than sixty (60) days after (other than as a result of adjournment), the first anniversary of the Company s 2026 Annual Meeting, then the required notice must be received in writing by the Secretary of the Company at the address below no earlier than 150 days prior to the date of the 2027 Annual Meeting and no later than the close of business on the later of the 120 th day prior to the 2027 Annual Meeting or the 10th day following the day on which the public announcement of the date of the 2027 Annual Meeting is first made by the Company. Such notice must include the information specified in Article II, Section 8(A)(3) of the Company s By-laws. The written notices described above should be sent to the General Counsel and Secretary of the Company via U.S. mail or expedited delivery service to: Skyworks Solutions, Inc. 5260 California Avenue Irvine, California 92617 24 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Role of the Board of Directors in Risk Oversight Our Board is responsible for risk oversight and treats that role with the utmost importance. While our management team is responsible for risk management on a day-to-day basis and for reporting significant risk exposures to the Board, the Board regularly engages in both the processes management utilizes to identify, assess and manage risk and ongoing plans to address any identified risks. At each of our quarterly Board meetings and at each of our Committee meetings, management provides updates on a wide range of topics relating to risk. Such topics may include, without limitation, cybersecurity and artificial intelligence initiatives, corporate governance, sustainability programs, technology development, operational execution, and capital allocation. In addition, each committee reports to the Board on a regular basis, including with respect to the committee s risk oversight activities as well as recommendations on actions requiring approval of the full Board. We believe our leadership structure supports the risk oversight function of the Board. The independence of our Board, the Chairman of the Board, and each of our committee chairpersons enhances our Board s ability to exercise risk oversight. Through the authority of our independent Chairman of the Board to establish Board agendas and call and preside at Board meetings and executive sessions of our independent directors, our current Board leadership structure provides mechanisms to facilitate our Board s exercise of its oversight responsibilities. Those mechanisms include requiring management reports on specific risk areas and requesting additional information regarding management s recommendation on any risk matters as the Board may determine to be necessary or advisable. The following table summarizes the key risk management areas over which the Board and its committees exercise oversight: Board of Directors business strategy, including product and technology roadmaps capital allocation organizational structure operational risks mergers and acquisitions Audit Committee financial reporting financial and accounting controls and processes legal and regulatory compliance cybersecurity and artificial intelligence tax matters internal audit function independent registered public accounting firm related-party transactions whistleblower reporting enterprise risk evaluation processes Compensation and Talent Committee executive compensation programs, policies and practices executive performance management succession planning non-employee director compensation human capital, talent acquisition and management, company culture and employee engagement Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Board size, composition, leadership structure, and effectiveness corporate governance policies and practices ethics policies and practices crisis management director skills, experience and diversity of viewpoints corporate responsibility and sustainability, including related to human rights, climate and the environment Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Importantly, the Audit Committee plays a key role in overseeing our annual enterprise risk management process designed to identify risks and controls, promote visibility and dialogue, and facilitate risk response and mitigation strategies. Important elements of this process include: Collecting data from stakeholders throughout the Company, identifying and categorizing the likelihood and magnitude of risk events, and summarizing the results to create a consolidated risk profile. Reviewing this risk profile with our senior management and seeking input on mitigation and response strategies and their implementation. Reviewing the consolidated measures of controls designed to facilitate the employment of adequate risk mitigation strategies. In addition, in fiscal year 2025, management presented three times to the Audit Committee on the Company s cybersecurity program and risks. The Board also received regular updates from the Audit Committee, as well as materials from management, highlighting key activities of the Company s cybersecurity team. Our Compensation and Talent Committee does not believe that any risks arising from our employee compensation policies and practices are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our Company. Our Compensation and Talent Committee believes that any such risks are mitigated by: The multiple elements of our compensation packages, including base salary, our annual short-term incentive compensation plan and (for our executive officers and other key employees) equity awards that vest (or are issuable) over multiple years and are intended to motivate employees to take a long-term view of our business. The structure of our short-term incentive compensation plan (described in greater detail in this Proxy Statement under Compensation Discussion and Analysis ), which is based on (i) a number of different financial and operating performance metrics to avoid employees placing undue emphasis on any particular performance metric at the expense of other aspects of our business, and (ii) performance targets that we believe are appropriately aggressive yet will not require undue risk-taking to achieve. Further, the structure of the short-term incentive compensation plan aids in driving sustained long-term financial performance as the goals and targets from the prior year s plan are significant factors used in determining goals for the current year s plan. Stock ownership guidelines, executive compensation recoupment policies, prohibitions on insider trading and independent oversight by the Compensation and Talent Committee. Additionally, the Board periodically reviews and approves the executive succession plan in consultation with the Compensation and Talent Committee and the Chief Executive Officer. Compensation and Talent Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation The Compensation and Talent Committee of the Board of Directors currently consists of Mr. Batey (Chairman), Ms. King, and Ms. Turcke. During fiscal year 2025, Mr. Schriesheim was also a member of the Compensation and Talent Committee. Except for Mr. Schriesheim, who served as the Company s Interim Chief Financial Officer from May 29, 2025 until September 8, 2025 and who resigned from the Compensation and Talent Committee as of his appointment as Interim Chief Financial Officer on May 29, 2025, no member of this committee was at any time during fiscal year 2025 an officer or employee of the Company, was formerly an officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or had any employment relationship with the Company or any of its subsidiaries. No executive officer of the Company has served as a director or member of 26 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS the compensation committee (or other committee serving an equivalent function) of any other entity, where one of such entity s executive officers served as a director of the Company or a member of the Compensation and Talent Committee. Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions Other than compensation agreements and other arrangements described below under Information About Executive and Director Compensation , since September 28, 2024, there has not been a transaction or series of related transactions to which the Company was or is a party involving an amount in excess of $120,000 and in which any director, executive officer, holder of more than five percent (5%) of any class of our voting securities, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Our Board has adopted a written related person transaction approval policy that sets forth the Company s policies and procedures for the review, approval, or ratification of any transaction required to be reported in its filings with the SEC. The Company s policy with regard to related person transactions is that all related person transactions between the Company and any related person (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K) or their affiliates, in which the amount involved is equal to or greater than $120,000, be reviewed by the Company s General Counsel and approved by the Audit Committee. In addition, the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics requires that employees discuss with the Company s Compliance Officer any significant relationship (or transaction) that might raise doubt about such employee s ability to act in the best interest of the Company. Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Audit Committee has selected KPMG LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026 and has further directed that management submit the selection of the independent registered public accounting firm for ratification by the stockholders at the Annual Meeting. KPMG LLP was the independent registered public accounting firm for the Company for fiscal year 2025 and has been the independent registered public accounting firm for the Company since 2002. We are asking the stockholders to ratify the selection of KPMG LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026. Representatives of KPMG LLP are expected to attend the Annual Meeting online. They will have an opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so and will be available to respond to appropriate stockholder questions. Stockholder ratification of the selection of KPMG LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm is not required by the Company s By-laws or other applicable legal requirements. However, the Audit Committee is submitting the selection of KPMG LLP to the stockholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate practice. The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present online or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on such matter at the Annual Meeting is required to approve the selection of KPMG LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. In the event stockholders fail to ratify the appointment, the Audit Committee may reconsider this appointment. Even if the appointment is ratified, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may direct the appointment of a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if the Audit Committee determines that such a change would be in the Company s and stockholders best interests. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RATIFICATION OF THE SELECTION OF KPMG LLP AS THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM OF THE COMPANY FOR FISCAL YEAR 2026 28 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Audit Fees The following table summarizes the fees of KPMG LLP billed to the Company for the last two fiscal years. Fee Category Fiscal Year 2025 ($) % of Total (%) Fiscal Year 2024 ($) % of Total (%) Audit Fees (1) 2,715,000 81.4 2,622,000 70.0 Audit-Related Fees (2) 0 0.0 306,026 8.2 Tax Fees (3) 621,000 18.6 818,008 21.8 Total Fees 3,336,000 100 3,746,034 100 (1) Audit fees consist of fees for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the interim financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and statutory audits and related filings in various foreign locations. Audit fees for fiscal year 2025 and fiscal year 2024 included fees for services incurred in connection with rendering opinions under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Fiscal year 2025 and 2024 audit fees also included fees for the issuance of auditor consents to incorporate by reference prior year financial statement opinions in registration statements on Form S-8 filed with the SEC. (2) Audit-related fees in fiscal year 2024 consist of fees relating to the real-time system implementation assessment of certain enterprise resource planning software. (3) Tax fees consist of fees for tax compliance and tax planning services. Tax compliance services in fiscal years 2025 and 2024 primarily relate to the review of U.S. income tax matters, including the Section 48D advanced manufacturing investment credit in both fiscal years and the research and development tax credit in fiscal year 2025. In 2003, the Audit Committee adopted a formal policy concerning approval of audit and non-audit services to be provided to the Company by its independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP. The policy requires that all services provided by KPMG LLP, including audit services and permitted audit-related and non-audit services, be preapproved by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has delegated to its Chairman the authority to grant pre-approval for audit services and permitted non-audit services, provided that any such approvals are presented to the full Audit Committee for ratification at its next meeting. The Audit Committee preapproved all audit and non-audit services provided by KPMG LLP during fiscal year 2025 and fiscal year 2024. Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE The Audit Committee of Skyworks Board is responsible for providing independent, objective oversight of Skyworks accounting functions and internal controls. Four directors served on the Audit Committee for all or part of fiscal year 2025. Each member of the Audit Committee is independent within the meaning of applicable Nasdaq Rules and meets the criteria for independence set forth in Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter approved by the Board. Management is responsible for the Company s internal control and financial reporting process. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for performing an independent audit of Skyworks consolidated financial statements in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and for issuing a report concerning such financial statements. In addition, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for performing an independent audit of the Company s internal controls and for issuing an opinion on the effectiveness thereof. The Audit Committee s responsibility is to monitor and oversee these processes. In connection with these responsibilities, the Audit Committee met with management and representatives of KPMG LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, and reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements for fiscal year 2025, results of the internal and external audit examinations, evaluations of the Company s internal controls, and the overall quality of Skyworks financial reporting. The Audit Committee also discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed by Auditing Standard No. 1301, Communications with Audit Committees, issued by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. In addition, the Audit Committee has received the written disclosures from its independent registered public accounting firm required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the SEC regarding the independent accountant s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence and has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the independent registered public accounting firm s independence from the Company and its management, including the matters in the written disclosures that were received by the committee from such firm. Based upon the Audit Committee s review and discussions described above, the Audit Committee recommended that the Board include the audited consolidated financial statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2025, as filed with the SEC. THE AUDIT COMMITTEE David P. McGlade, Chairman Eric J. Guerin Christine King 30 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY VOTE ON THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS ( SAY-ON-PAY VOTE) We are providing our stockholders with the opportunity to vote to approve, on a non-binding basis, the compensation of our Named Executive Officers as described below under Information About Executive and Director Compensation pursuant to Section 14A of the Exchange Act. As we describe below under Compensation Discussion and Analysis , our executive compensation program embodies a pay-for- performance philosophy that supports our business strategy and aligns the interests of our executives with our stockholders. Our Board is asking stockholders to approve a non-binding advisory vote on the following resolution: RESOLVED, that the Company s stockholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to the Company s named executive officers, as disclosed pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables, and any related material disclosed in this Proxy Statement. As an advisory vote, this proposal is not binding and will not overrule any decision by the Company or the Board (or any committee thereof), nor will it create or imply any change or addition to the fiduciary duties of the Company or the Board (or any committee thereof). However, our Compensation and Talent Committee and Board value the opinions expressed by our stockholders in their vote on this proposal and will consider the outcome of the vote when making future compensation decisions for Named Executive Officers. The next non-binding say-on-pay vote is scheduled to be held at our 2027 Annual Meeting. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS BY VOTING FOR PROPOSAL 3 Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION ABOUT EXECUTIVE AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Summary and Highlights Our Executive Compensation Program Reflects Our Pay-for-Performance Philosophy Alignment with Stockholder Interests. We believe that through the combination of our equity-based incentive compensation program and rigorous executive stock ownership guidelines, the interests of our executives are strongly aligned with those of our long-term stockholders namely, increasing stockholder value over time. Engagement with Stockholders on Executive Compensation. Following our 2025 Annual Meeting, we engaged in formal outreach to 19 institutional stockholders representing approximately 60% of the Company s shares outstanding. Stockholders representing approximately 49% of the Company s shares outstanding responded to the outreach, and we held meetings with those stockholders who wanted to meet, representing approximately 18% of the Company s outstanding shares. In the meetings, institutional stockholders generally did not express concerns with the overall structure of our compensation program . The Chairman of the Board, Ms. King, was actively involved in stockholder engagement. High At-Risk Compensation Levels. The only fixed component of our Named Executive Officers annual compensation is base salary. All short-term cash incentive awards and long-term equity incentive awards are tied to Company performance, stock price performance, or both. The charts below show the total direct compensation mix for fiscal year 2025 for our Chief Executive Officer and the average for the Other Named Executive Officers. The total direct compensation mix for fiscal year 2025 reflects base salary, short-term incentive award, and the grant date fair value of the annual performance share and restricted stock unit ( RSU ) awards. * Excludes Mr. Sennesael, who ceased serving as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on May 9, 2025, and Mr. Schriesheim, who ceased serving as Interim Chief Financial Officer on September 8, 2025. # If the Brace New Hire PSA were excluded, the total percentage tied to At Risk would be 93%, the total percentage tied to Subject to Performance Metrics would be 60%, the total percentage tied to Long-Term Stock-Based Incentive would be 76%, and the breakdown by types of compensation changes to: 7% Base Salary, 17% Short-Term Incentive, 33% Restricted Stock Units, and 43% Performance Shares. Excludes Mr. Griffin, who ceased serving as Chief Executive Officer and President on February 17, 2025. 32 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Best Practices What We Do Heavily weight executive compensation toward at risk, performance-based compensation Balance short-term and long-term incentive compensation Use multi-year vesting for executive officer equity awards, with 100% of the annual performance share awards for fiscal year 2026 for executive officers cliff vesting at the end of a three-year vesting period Maintain a clawback policy providing for recovery of incentive compensation from Section 16 officers in the event of a financial restatement Maintain robust stock ownership guidelines for executive officers and non-executive directors Structure our executive officer compensation program to encourage appropriate risk-taking Benchmark pay practices against selected peer companies with whom we compete for executive talent Solicit advice from the Compensation and Talent Committee s independent compensation consultant Maintain a cash severance limitation policy applicable to executive officers Hold annual say-on-pay advisory vote Conduct regular engagement with stockholders on compensation-related topics What We Don t Do Guarantee bonus payments or base salary increases Provide single-trigger change-in-control benefits Provide excise tax gross-up payments in connection with a change in control of the Company Provide excessive perquisites to our executive officers Provide retirement or pension benefits to our executive officers that are not available to employees generally Permit hedging or other forms of speculative transactions by employees or directors Permit pledging by employees or directors Allow for the repricing of stock options without stockholder approval Pay dividends or dividend equivalents on unearned performance shares or restricted stock units Include evergreen provisions or liberal change-in-control definitions in our equity incentive award plans Compensation Discussion and Analysis Table of Contents Named Executive Officers 35 Chief Executive Officer Transition 35 Chief Financial Officer Transition 35 Engagement with Stockholders Regarding Executive Compensation 35 Approach for Determining Form and Amounts of Compensation 36 Components of Compensation 39 Severance and Change-in-Control Benefits 47 Executive Officer Stock Ownership Requirements 48 Executive Compensation Recoupment Policies 49 Prohibition on Hedging and Certain Other Transactions 49 Compliance with Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m) 50 Policies and Practices Related to the Grant of Certain Equity Awards Close in Time to the Release of Material Nonpublic Information 50 Proxy Statement 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Tables for Named Executive Officers 51 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 57 CEO Pay Ratio 66 34 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Named Executive Officers This Compensation Discussion and Analysis section discusses the compensation policies and programs for our Named Executive Officers. For fiscal year 2025, our Named Executive Officers were: Philip G. Brace, Chief Executive Officer and President; Philip Carter, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Reza Kasnavi, Executive Vice President, Chief Operations and Technology Officer; Robert J. Terry, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Karilee A. Durham, Senior Vice President, Human Resources; Liam K. Griffin, Former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; Kris Sennesael, Former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Robert A. Schriesheim, Former Interim Chief Financial Officer. Chief Executive Officer Transition Following a rigorous, thoughtful and thorough CEO search process conducted by the Board with the assistance of an executive search firm, we identified Mr. Brace as Mr. Griffin s successor. In February 2025, the Company announced that Mr. Brace would become Chief Executive Officer and President and a member of the Board, effective February 17, 2025. Mr. Griffin ceased serving as Chief Executive Officer and President and a member of the Board on February 17, 2025 and thereafter served in a non-executive advisory role for three months to support the leadership transition, after which his employment with the Company ended on May 16, 2025. Chief Financial Officer Transition On May 1, 2025, Mr. Sennesael informed the Company that he would resign from the Company, effective May 9, 2025, to accept another position, and his employment with the Company ended on May 9, 2025. On May 7, 2025, the Company announced that Mark P. Dentinger would be joining the Company as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective June 2, 2025. However, due to an unforeseen medical condition, Mr. Dentinger did not commence employment with the Company. On May 29, 2025, the Company announced that it had appointed Mr. Schriesheim, a member of the Board, as the Company s Interim Chief Financial Officer and that it had commenced a search for a permanent Chief Financial Officer. Following an extensive search process with the assistance of an executive search firm, the Board appointed Mr. Carter as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective September 8, 2025, at which time Mr. Schriesheim ceased serving as Interim Chief Financial Officer. Engagement with Stockholders Regarding Executive Compensation In evaluating and establishing our executive compensation policies and programs, our Compensation and Talent Committee values and actively considers the opinions expressed by our stockholders through the say-on-pay advisory vote at each annual stockholder meeting, as well as through our ongoing stockholder engagement efforts. At our 2025 Annual Meeting, approximately 91% of the votes cast approved our say-on-pay proposal, reflecting continued support for our compensation policies and determinations for fiscal year 2024. Following the 2025 Annual Meeting, we continued our annual stockholder engagement efforts by conducting outreach to 19 institutional stockholders representing approximately 60% of the Company s shares outstanding. Stockholders representing approximately 49% of the Company s shares outstanding responded to the outreach, either with written feedback, a request to speak, or by declining the invitation. Generally, investors who declined a meeting noted that they did so because they did not have any concerns to discuss. We held engagement meetings with each of those stockholders who requested to meet, representing approximately 18% of the Company s shares outstanding. Our Chairman of the Board, Ms. King, was actively involved in stockholder engagement. During these conversations, institutional stockholders were interested in discussing a Proxy Statement 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS range of topics beyond executive compensation, including our Chief Executive Officer transition in February 2025, the composition of the Board, business performance and strategy, our efforts to eliminate the supermajority vote provisions from our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and our sustainability program. Input and feedback from our stockholders during the most recent outreach, as well as the ongoing dialogue we have shared with stockholders for many years, continues to directly inform the evolution of our compensation practices. Fiscal Year 2025 Changes For our fiscal year 2025, the Compensation and Talent Committee made changes to our long-term stock-based incentives for executives that were directly responsive to stockholder feedback. Effective for the fiscal year 2025 PSAs granted to Named Executive Officers on November 5, 2024, both the performance period and vesting period for the EBITDA margin percentile ranking metric were increased from two years to three years. Approach for Determining Form and Amounts of Compensation The Compensation and Talent Committee, which is composed solely of independent directors within the meaning of applicable Nasdaq Rules and non-employee directors within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, is responsible for determining all components and amounts of compensation to be paid to our Named Executive Officers, as well as any other executive officers or employees who report directly to the Chief Executive Officer. The Compensation and Talent Committee sets compensation for the Named Executive Officers, including base salary, short-term incentives, and long-term stock-based incentives, at levels generally intended to be competitive with the compensation of comparable executives in semiconductor companies with which we compete for executive talent and to link the compensation of our Named Executive Officers to improvements in the Company s financial performance and increases in stockholder value. Compensation Program Objectives The objectives of our executive compensation program are to attract, retain, and motivate highly qualified executives to operate our business, and to link the compensation of those executives to improvements in the Company s financial performance and increases in stockholder value. Accordingly, the Compensation and Talent Committee s goals in establishing our executive compensation program include: ensuring that our executive compensation program is competitive with a group of companies in the semiconductor industry with which we compete for executive talent; providing a base salary that serves as the foundation of a compensation package that attracts and retains the executive talent needed to achieve our business objectives; providing short-term variable compensation that motivates executives and rewards them for achieving Company financial performance targets; providing long-term stock-based compensation that aligns the interest of our executives with stockholders by rewarding them for long-term increases in stockholder value; and ensuring that our executive compensation program is perceived as fundamentally fair to our employees. Retention of Compensation Consultant The Compensation and Talent Committee has engaged Aon to assist in determining the components and amount of executive compensation. Aon reports directly to the Compensation and Talent Committee, through its chairman, and the Compensation and Talent Committee retains the right to terminate or replace the consultant at any time. The Compensation and Talent Committee has considered the relationships that Aon has with the Company, the members of the Compensation and Talent Committee and our executive officers, as well as the policies that Aon has in place to maintain its independence and objectivity, and has determined that Aon s work for the Compensation and Talent Committee has not raised any conflicts of interest. Company management also 36 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS purchases published compensation and benefits surveys from Aon, and on occasion engages certain affiliates of Aon in various jurisdictions for services unrelated to executive compensation and benefits, engagements for which the Company s management has not sought the Compensation and Talent Committee s approval. The fees paid to Aon and its affiliates in fiscal year 2025 for these surveys and additional services did not exceed $120,000. Use of Comparator Group Data The Compensation and Talent Committee annually compares the components and amounts of compensation that we provide to our Chief Executive Officer and each of the other NEOs with Comparator Group data for each position and uses this comparison data to help inform its review and determination of base salaries, short-term incentives, and long-term stock-based compensation awards, as discussed in further detail below under Components of Compensation . For fiscal year 2025, the Compensation and Talent Committee approved Comparator Group data consisting of a 50/50 blend of (i) Aon survey data of semiconductor companies (where sufficient data was not available in the Aon semiconductor survey data for a given executive position, the Comparator Group data also included survey data regarding high-technology companies), and (ii) data from the group of 18 publicly traded semiconductor companies listed below. Each year the Compensation and Talent Committee engages Aon to assess the peer group. Using this information, the Compensation and Talent Committee seeks to create a peer group comprised of semiconductor companies. Consolidation within the semiconductor industry over time has resulted in fewer semiconductor companies that are of similar market capitalization and revenue as Skyworks. As a result, when considering companies to potentially include in the peer group, the Compensation and Talent Committee also considers companies in adjacent industries, such as the semiconductor manufacturing equipment industry, as well as companies with smaller or greater revenue or market capitalization than the Company, many of which are business competitors and companies with which we compete for executive talent. Peer Group for Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation ( FY25 Peer Group )(1) Advanced Micro Devices Lam Research NXP Semiconductors Teradyne Analog Devices Marvell Technology ON Semiconductor Texas Instruments Entegris Microchip Technology Qorvo Western Digital GlobalFoundries Micron Technology QUALCOMM KLA Corporation Monolithic Power Systems Seagate Technology (1) For the Company s fiscal year 2025 compensation program, we made an adjustment to our peer group from the prior fiscal year by adding GlobalFoundries, a semiconductor company. The Compensation and Talent Committee generally seeks to make decisions regarding each Named Executive Officer s compensation that are competitive within the Comparator Group, with consideration given to the executive s role, responsibility, performance, and length of service. After reviewing the Comparator Group data and considering the input of Aon, during its regular cycle in November 2024, the Compensation and Talent Committee established (and the full Board was advised of) the base salary, short-term incentive target, and stock-based compensation for each then-Named Executive Officer for fiscal year 2025. Aon advised the Compensation and Talent Committee that such components of executive compensation for fiscal year 2025 were competitive for chief executive officers and other executive officers at companies of similar size and complexity in the semiconductor industry. For the compensation of the Named Executive Officers as of November 2024, other than Proxy Statement 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS Mr. Griffin, the Compensation and Talent Committee received input from Mr. Griffin, the then-Chief Executive Officer. Along with this input, the Compensation and Talent Committee considered each individual s responsibilities and experience, as well as internal factors such as scope of role and level in the organization and external factors such as the current environment for attracting and retaining executives. Compensation Approach for Our Chief Executive Officer In determining the compensation of our then-Chief Executive Officer for fiscal year 2025, the Compensation and Talent Committee focused on (i) competitive levels of compensation for chief executive officers who are leading companies of similar size and complexity, (ii) the importance of retaining and incentivizing a chief executive officer with the strategic, financial, and leadership skills necessary to ensure our continued growth and success, and (iii) our Chief Executive Officer s role relative to the other NEOs. For Mr. Griffin s compensation for fiscal year 2025, which was determined in November 2024, in addition to the foregoing factors, the Compensation and Talent Committee also considered input from the full Board on his prior performance. Mr. Griffin was not present during the voting or deliberations of the Compensation and Talent Committee concerning his compensation. The Compensation and Talent Committee left Mr. Griffin s base salary unchanged for fiscal year 2025, the second fiscal year in a row that his base salary was not increased, and the Compensation and Talent Committee approved a long-term incentive award in an amount with a grant date fair value less than what he received in fiscal year 2024. In connection with the transition of the role of Chief Executive Officer from Mr. Griffin to Mr. Brace in fiscal year 2025, the Compensation and Talent Committee considered several additional factors in setting Mr. Brace s compensation. In order to induce Mr. Brace to join the Company, the Compensation and Talent Committee took into account, among other things, Mr. Brace s experience and qualifications, input from Aon, and opportunities to receive significant incremental compensation by continuously increasing shareholder value. The Compensation and Talent Committee sought to prepare an incentive-based compensation package that would align Mr. Brace s compensation with stockholder interests and the long-term performance of the Company s stock price. The Compensation and Talent Committee aimed to achieve this goal by granting Mr. Brace a compensation package heavily weighted towards performance with long-term equity incentive awards. First, to align performance objectives with the executive team, the Company granted Mr. Brace the following equity awards: (i) an RSU award for 43,682 shares (the FY25 Brace RSU ), which is subject to time-based vesting over a period of four years with such vesting deemed to have commenced on November 5, 2024 and (ii) a PSA for 65,524 shares (the FY25 Brace PSA ), which may be earned upon the achievement of the same performance metrics used for the PSAs granted to the Company s other executive officers for fiscal year 2025. In addition, the Company granted Mr. Brace a new hire PSA for 455,028 shares (the Brace New Hire PSA ), which can be earned based on the level of achievement of stock price hurdles measured during the four-year performance period commencing on February 17, 2027 and ending on February 17, 2031. The stock price hurdles will be measured against a base price of $65.63714, which is equal to the average closing price for the seven trading days following February 5, 2025. Twenty percent of the shares subject to the Brace New Hire PSA are earned upon achievement of each of the price hurdles and vest on the one-year anniversary of the applicable price hurdle achievement date, subject to continued service on such date, as outlined below, representing significant hurdles requiring large sustained increases in the Company s share price, and linking pay to shareholder value creation. 38 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Tranche Percentage Increase in Share Price Share Price Hurdle Percentage of Total Number of Shares Subject to the Award 1 +25.00 % $ 82.04643 20 % 2 +50.00 % $ 98.45571 20 % 3 +75.00 % $ 114.86500 20 % 4 +100.00 % $ 131.27429 20 % 5 +150.00 % $ 164.09286 20 % Compensation Approach for Our Chief Financial Officer In determining the compensation offer to induce Mr. Carter to join the Company, the Compensation and Talent Committee took into account, among other things, input from Aon, benchmarking data among peers, Mr. Carter s experience and qualifications, and the substantial unvested equity awards and other compensation opportunities that Mr. Carter would surrender by leaving his role as Chief Accounting Officer of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. The Compensation and Talent Committee sought to tie Mr. Carter s equity incentive compensation to the long-term performance of the Company s stock price and the interests of the Company s stockholders. The Compensation and Talent Committee aimed to achieve this goal by granting Mr. Carter the following equity awards: (i) an RSU award for 39,666 shares, which is subject to time-based vesting over a period of four years with such vesting deemed to have commenced on September 8, 2025 ( Carter New Hire RSU ) and (ii) a PSA for 50,244 shares, which will vest based on the Company s absolute level of achievement of TSR over the three fiscal year period starting on October 4, 2025 and ending on September 29, 2028, subject to Mr. Carter s continued employment through November 11, 2028, as further set forth below ( Carter New Hire PSA ). Performance Achieved Minimum Target Maximum Positive TSR 25.0 % 50.0 % 75.0 % % of Shares Earned With Respect to TSR 25.0 % 50.0 % 100.0 % Mr. Carter also received an $800,000 signing bonus to help offset the repayment of a signing bonus he had received from Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and the forfeiture of RSUs granted by Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. that had been scheduled to vest on December 15, 2025. Components of Compensation The key elements of compensation for our Named Executive Officers are base salary, short-term incentives, long-term stock-based incentives, and health and welfare benefits. For fiscal year 2025, the Compensation and Talent Committee sought to make decisions that would result in each Named Executive Officer s target total direct compensation being competitive within the Comparator Group, with consideration given to the executive s role, responsibility, performance, and length of service. Base Salary The Compensation and Talent Committee annually determines a competitive base salary for each executive officer using the Comparator Group data and input provided by Aon. Base salaries are intended to attract and retain talented executives, recognize individual roles and responsibilities and provide stable income to executives. In order to provide flexibility in consideration of differences in an individual executive s scope of responsibilities, length of service, and performance, the Compensation and Talent Committee did not target a specific percentile of the Comparator Group for executive officer salaries; however, the salaries of the executive officers were generally near the median of the Comparator Group. The base salary for Mr. Griffin for fiscal year 2025 was unchanged from fiscal year 2024, the second fiscal year in a row where Mr. Griffin s base salary was not increased. The base salary increase for fiscal year 2025 for each Named Executive Officer who was also an executive officer of the Company in fiscal year 2024, as reflected in the table below, was effected in November 2024. Each salary increase was based on the market-based salary adjustments recommended by Aon, as well as recommendations by the then-Chief Executive Proxy Statement 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS Officer, and took into consideration the scope of duties for such Named Executive Officer. FY2025 Base Salary ($) FY2024 Base Salary ($) Karilee A. Durham 530,000 500,000 Reza Kasnavi (1) 650,000 600,000 Robert J. Terry 585,000 562,000 Liam K. Griffin 1,175,000 1,175,000 Kris Sennesael 675,000 630,000 (1) In connection with his promotion to Executive Vice President, Chief Operations and Technology Officer, Mr. Kasnavi s base salary for fiscal year 2025 was increased to $700,000 effective March 15, 2025. The fiscal year 2025 base salary for each Named Executive Officer who was not an executive officer of the Company in fiscal year 2024 is reflected in the table below. FY2025 Base Salary ($) Philip G. Brace 900,000 Philip Carter 600,000 Robert A. Schriesheim 625,000 Short-Term Incentives Overview Our short-term incentive compensation plan for executive officers is established annually by the Compensation and Talent Committee and is intended to motivate and reward executives by tying a significant portion of their total cash compensation to the Company s achievement of pre-established performance goals that are generally one year or less in duration. The Compensation and Talent Committee believes that pre-established performance goals under the Company s short-term incentive compensation plan for executive officers should generally be measured over a one-year performance period. Incentive Opportunities For each executive officer, short-term incentive compensation at the target level is designed to be near the median short-term incentive compensation of the Comparator Group. After reviewing Comparator Group data, the Compensation and Talent Committee determined that the target incentive under the Incentive Plan, as a percentage of base salary, for each of the Named Executive Officers should not be changed, as compared to the target incentives under the prior year s short-term incentive plan. Excluding Mr. Schriesheim, who was not eligible to receive short-term incentive compensation in his role as Interim Chief Financial Officer, the following table shows the range of short-term incentive compensation that each Named Executive Officer could earn in fiscal year 2025 as a percentage of such executive officer s annual base salary. Threshold Target Maximum Chief Executive Officer 80 % 160 % 320 % Chief Financial Officer 50 % 100 % 200 % EVP, Chief Operations and Technology Officer (1) 40 % 80 % 160 % Other Named Executive Officers 40 % 80 % 160 % (1) When Mr. Kasnavi received a promotion to his current position in March 2025, he received an increase in his short-term incentive opportunity by 10% (from 80% of his prior base salary to 90% of his increased base salary), with an increase in the threshold amount to 45% of base salary and the opportunity to earn up to a maximum of 180% of the target award to the extent the Company exceeds its target performance metrics in fiscal year 2025, in recognition of his new role and responsibilities. Performance Goals In December 2024, the Compensation and Talent Committee established performance goals for the Incentive Plan that were based on achieving revenue and non-GAAP operating income performance goals, each of which was weighted at 50%. The non-GAAP operating income performance goal was measured based on the Company s publicly disclosed non-GAAP 40 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS operating income (2) after accounting for any incentive award payments, including those to be made under the Incentive Plan. The target level performance goals were established by the Compensation and Talent Committee under the Incentive Plan after reviewing the Company s historical operating results, as well as the Company s business outlook and expected future results relative to peers and were designed to require significant effort and operational success on the part of our executives and the Company. The maximum level performance goals established by the Compensation and Talent Committee have historically been difficult to achieve and are designed to represent outstanding performance that the Compensation and Talent Committee believes should be rewarded. The performance goals established under the Incentive Plan for fiscal year 2025 were as follows: (in millions) Revenue Non-GAAP Operating Income Threshold $ 3,750 $ 800 Target $ 4,000 $ 912 Maximum $ 4,400 $ 1,137 The Compensation and Talent Committee seeks to set challenging yet attainable performance goals for incentive compensation to motivate our executives. For fiscal year 2025, the Compensation and Talent Committee, after substantial evaluation and discussion, set target performance goals that were below fiscal year 2024 performance. Nonetheless, the Compensation and Talent Committee believed that these goals reflected an appropriate level of rigor given several factors. The goals were established in alignment with the Company s annual operating plan for fiscal year 2025, which took into account the broader macroeconomic environment, market conditions and the performance expectations of our stockholders. The Incentive Plan also stipulated that payouts to executives following the end of the fiscal year, under either of the revenue and non-GAAP operating income metrics, were conditioned upon the Company achieving full- year non-GAAP operating income of at least $0.8 billion. Calculation of Incentive Plan Payments Under the Incentive Plan, upon completion of the fiscal year, the Compensation and Talent Committee determined the extent to which the Company s performance goals were attained, reviewed the Chief Executive Officer s recommended payouts under the Incentive Plan, and approved the awards to be made under the Incentive Plan. Achievement under the performance goals at the threshold, target, or maximum level corresponds to payment under the Incentive Plan at the threshold, target, or maximum percentage, as applicable, with such percentage multiplied by the executive s base salary for fiscal year 2025 and then multiplied by the weighting assigned to that performance goal. The payout for achievement under the performance goals between either the threshold and target levels or the target and maximum levels would be based on linear interpolation between the two relevant amounts. Each executive s payment under the Incentive Plan is calculated by evalu