=== SWKS_2025-11-07.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors) and in the other documents filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) in evaluating our forward-looking statements. We have no plans, and undertake no obligation, to revise or update our forward-looking statements to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this report. We caution readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains estimates made by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and other industry data. These estimates involve a number of assumptions and limitations and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. In addition, projections, assumptions, and estimates of our future performance and the future performance of the industries in which we operate are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of important factors, including those described in Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . These and other factors could cause results to differ materially and adversely from those expressed in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us. In this document, the words we , our , ours , us , Skyworks , and the Company refer only to Skyworks Solutions, Inc., and its consolidated subsidiaries and not any other person or entity. In addition, the following is a list of industry terms that may be referenced throughout the document: 5G (Fifth Generation): next-generation cellular network technology BAW (Bulk Acoustic Wave): electrical input signal is converted to an acoustic wave for filtering and converted back into an electrical signal by a metal-piezo-metal vertical structure IoT (Internet of Things): the interconnection of uniquely identifiable embedded computing devices within the existing internet infrastructure LTE (Long-Term Evolution): 4th generation ( 4G ) radio technologies designed to increase the capacity and speed of mobile telephone networks MIMO (Multiple In, Multiple Out): a method for multiplying the capacity of a radio link using multiple transmission and receiving antennas to exploit multipath propagation; more commonly, it refers to LTE, 5G, and Wi-Fi techniques to send more than one data signal (also known as data layers) with encoded information to increase capacity in modern telecommunications systems 4 Table of Contents RF (Radio Frequency): electromagnetic wave frequencies that lie in the range extending from around 3 kHz to 300 GHz SAW (Surface Acoustic Wave): electrical input signal is converted to an acoustic wave for filtering and converted back into an electrical signal by interdigitated transducers on a piezoelectric substrate TC-SAW (Temperature Compensated Surface Acoustic Wave): SAW filters that have been designed to reduce shift in frequency over temperature Skyworks and the Skyworks symbol are trademarks or registered trademarks of Skyworks Solutions, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries. Third-party brands and names are for identification purposes only and are the property of their respective owners. 5 Table of Contents PART l ITEM 1. BUSINESS. Skyworks Solutions, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries ( Skyworks or the Company ), is a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductor products and solutions for numerous applications, including aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet, and wearables. Over the past two decades, Skyworks has made important investments to address key network technologies, from cellular to advanced Wi-Fi , enhanced GPS, and Bluetooth , among others. Capitalizing on both organic growth and strategic acquisitions, we are targeting high-growth verticals, while at the same time, seeking to diversify our revenue and customer set. Targeted investments in next-generation technology and solutions, technical talent, and fabrication capabilities have created the opportunity to expand into high-growth market segments, including electric and hybrid vehicles, industrial and motor control, power supply, 5G wireless infrastructure, optical data communication, data center, automotive, smart home, and several other applications. Our key customers include Amazon, Apple Inc. ( Apple ), Arcadyan, Arris, Bose, Ciena, Cisco, Ericsson, Fibocom, Garmin, Gemalto (a Thales company), General Electric, Google, Honeywell, Itron, Lenovo, LG Electronics, Microsoft, Motorola, NETGEAR, Nokia, Northrop Grumman, OPPO, Rockwell Collins, Sagemcom, Samsung, Schneider Electric, Sierra Wireless, Sonos, Sony, Technicolor, Telit, Tesla, TP-Link, VIVO, and Xiaomi. Our competitors include Analog Devices, Broadcom, Cirrus Logic, Murata Manufacturing, NXP Semiconductors, Qorvo, Qualcomm, and Texas Instruments. We operate worldwide with engineering, manufacturing, sales, and service facilities throughout Asia, Europe, and North America. Our Internet address is www.skyworksinc.com. We make available free of charge on our website our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the inclusion of our website address in this report is an inactive textual reference only. Our SEC filings are also available to the public at www.sec.gov. Industry Background Wireless connectivity is expanding on a global basis. A widening range of use cases is driving the high demand for wireless data across a broad array of applications. The advancement of 5G adoption, IoT, connectivity for everyone, automotive electrification and safety, as well as augmented reality and virtual reality technology, all demand faster speeds, increased bandwidth and capacity, significantly lower latency, and more reliable and secure wireless connectivity. The speed and ultra-low latency characteristics inherent in 5G technology are dramatically altering wireless connectivity, creating a market for diverse and transformative applications, and changing how individuals live, work, play, and learn. Most of the world s largest economies have implemented commercial 5G networks, and the world s leading smartphone manufacturers have launched multiple generations of 5G-enabled devices. We expect to see a continued expansion in data consumption, dependent on seamless and reliable wireless connectivity. A few statistics illustrate this point. According to the 2025 Ericsson Mobility Report, global mobile data for 5G subscriptions are forecast to reach 6.3 billion by the end of 2030, driven by new users, innovative services, and the convergence of artificial intelligence ( AI ) and 5G technology, and the total number of global IoT connections is now forecast to reach approximately 43 billion by 2030, including connected cars, machines, meters, sensors, point-of-sale terminals, consumer electronics and wearables. Connected cars are forecasted by McKinsey to make up 90% of new vehicles sold globally by 2030. Skyworks helps facilitate these opportunities with highly customized solutions that support a broad set of wireless systems and protocols including cellular (such as 5G), Wi-Fi , GPS, Bluetooth , Accutime , HD-Radio , LoRa , Thread , Wi-Sun , and Zigbee . Additionally, Wi-Fi 8, the next generation of Wi-Fi technology, complements 5G by providing high-speed wireless connectivity in local environments. Faster data rates and improved efficiency cater to the growing number of devices reliant on wireless networks. We believe AI can be a catalyst for more efficient and effective wireless communications. From endpoint devices to data centers, generative AI applications will drive the need for higher speed and higher bandwidth networks, while increasing the requirements for our precision timing solutions. 6 Table of Contents The first wave of AI-capable phones is reaching scale, and early demand signals are encouraging. As AI capabilities become more intuitive and integrated, we believe this could drive an inflection in upgrade cycles, leading to a potential tailwind to volumes and content over time. Finally, with the rapid transition towards electrification and advanced safety in vehicles, we are focused on high growth segments and content opportunities, including (i) power isolation chips for on-board chargers, powertrain, and battery management systems in electric vehicles, (ii) connectivity, with telematics and other solutions being enabled by 4G/5G cellular engines, Wi-Fi , Bluetooth , Ultra-wide band, Ethernet, and GPS, and (iii) in-vehicle infotainment systems, driven by digital radio coprocessors, and solutions supporting advanced driver-assistance systems and autonomous driving. Solving Connectivity Challenges Highly integrated semiconductor solutions are pivotal in deploying next-generation standards, resolving analog, mixed-signal, and RF complexities that challenge existing hardware and network infrastructure. Addressing these design challenges requires diverse competencies including signal transmission, seamless hand-offs between multiple standards, power management, voltage regulation, battery charging, advanced filtering, and tuning. We are at the forefront of this new era of connectivity, delivering the solutions that help enable the true potential of 5G and IoT. We have a rich heritage in analog systems design and have spent years investing in key technologies and resources. Our strength is underpinned by world-class performance and scale across a broad array of capabilities that include advanced TC-SAW and BAW filters, an expanded family of MIMO, ultra-high band, and diversity receive modules, timing devices, and digital power isolators. From our breakthrough Sky5 unifying platform to our 5G small cell solutions, our approach across both infrastructure and user equipment facilitates powerful, high-speed, end-to-end 5G connectivity. Skyworks Strategy Major elements of our strategy include: Industry-Leading Technology As the industry migrates to more complex 5G architectures across a multitude of wireless applications, we are poised to help our customers handle growing levels of system complexity across both the transmit and receive chains. The trend towards increasing front-end and analog design challenges in smartphones and other platforms plays directly into our core strengths. Additionally, accelerating AI trends could catalyze the smartphone transformation with incremental content driving unprecedented functional and physical densities. These advancements will deliver more bandwidth, faster speeds, and enable applications like virtual reality, augmented reality, live video streaming, and seamless IoT connectivity. Crucially, they aim to bring us closer to achieving reliable low latency, ideal for massive machine communications, and introduces non-terrestrial networks that enable satellite connectivity for emergency applications. We believe that we offer the broadest portfolio of radio and analog solutions from the transceiver to the antenna as well as all required manufacturing process technologies. We are also a leader in passive devices, advanced integration, including proprietary shielding and 3-D die stacking, as well as SAW, TC-SAW, and BAW filters. Our product portfolio is reinforced by a library of approximately 5,200 worldwide issued patents and other intellectual property that we own and control. Together, our industry-leading technology enables us to deliver the highest levels of product performance and integration. Customer Relationships Given our scale and technology leadership, we are engaged with leading original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ), smartphone providers, and baseband reference design partners in the analog and mixed-signal semiconductor industry. Our customers value the scale of our global supply chain, our innovative technology, our ability to curate and deliver unique solutions, and our system engineering expertise, resulting in deep customer loyalty. We partner with our customers to support their long-term product road maps and are valued as a system solutions provider rather than just a discrete product vendor. Diversification We are diversifying the reach of our business by expanding our addressable markets and broadening our product portfolio to serve a wider array of global customers. With the increasing adoption of 5G and the opportunity to enable more applications, we are growing our business beyond mobile devices (where we support leading top-tier manufacturers, including the leading smartphone suppliers and key baseband vendors) into additional high-performance analog markets, including automotive, home and factory automation, data center, solar, wireless infrastructure, aerospace and defense, medical, smart energy, and wireless 7 Table of Contents networking. In these markets we leverage our scale, intellectual property, and worldwide distribution network, which spans approximately 6,900 customers and 4,900 unique products. Delivering Operational Excellence Through advanced supply chain management, we combine our highly specialized internal manufacturing capabilities with alliances and strategic relationships for leading-edge technologies. This hybrid manufacturing model allows us to better balance our manufacturing capacity with the demand of the marketplace. Additionally, we continue to drive reductions in product design and manufacturing cycle times and further improve product yields. The combination of agile, flexible capacity, and world-class module manufacturing and scale advantage allows us to achieve low product costs while integrating multiple technologies into highly sophisticated multi-chip modules and helping to ensure stable supply to our global customer base. Maintaining a Performance-Driven Culture We consider our people and corporate culture to be a competitive advantage and a key component of our corporate strategy, aligning employee efforts and responsibilities with performance measurement. Accountability is paramount, and we compensate our employees through a pay-for-performance methodology. Generating Superior Operating Results and Stockholder Returns We believe our manufacturing scale, broad product portfolio, strong profitability, and consistent cash flow generation position us to provide superior results and strong returns to our stockholders. Our Product Portfolio Our extensive product portfolio includes: Amplifiers: the modules that strengthen the signal so that it has sufficient energy to reach a base station Antenna Tuners: aperture and impedance tuning products that improve antenna performance across frequencies Attenuators: circuits that allow a known source of power to be reduced by a predetermined factor (usually expressed as decibels) Automotive Tuners and Digital Radios: tuners, data receivers, and digital radio coprocessors used in automotive infotainment systems Wireless ASoC: an intelligent 2.4 GHz and 5GHz wireless radio integrated circuit that includes all the analog and digital functions optimized for building cognitive wireless audio headsets, headphones, and wireless speaker systems DC/DC Converters: an electronic circuit which converts a source of direct current from one voltage level to another Demodulators: a device or an RF block used in receivers to extract the information that has been modulated onto a carrier or from the carrier itself Detectors: devices used to measure and control RF power in wireless systems Digital Power Isolators: energy efficient solutions used in industrial control, solar inverters and hybrid/electric automotive drive trains Diodes: semiconductor devices that pass current in one direction only Directional Couplers: transmission coupling devices for separately sampling the forward or backward wave in a transmission line Diversity Receive Modules: devices used to improve receiver sensitivity in high data rate applications Filters: devices for recovering and separating mixed and modulated data in RF stages, including SAW, TC-SAW, and BAW filters Front-end Modules: two or more functions co-packaged to optimize the performance, cost, and application suitability in products, including intermediate or radio frequency signal paths Hybrid: a type of directional coupler used in radio and telecommunications LED Drivers: devices which regulate the current through a light-emitting diode or string of diodes for the purpose of creating light Low-Noise Amplifiers: devices used to reduce system noise figure in the receive chain Mixers: devices that enable signals to be converted to a higher or lower frequency signal and thereby allowing the signals to be processed more effectively Modulators: devices that take a baseband input signal and output a radio frequency modulated signal Optocouplers/Optoisolators: semiconductor devices that allow signals to be transferred between circuits or systems while ensuring that the circuits or systems are electrically isolated from each other 8 Table of Contents Phase Locked Loops: closed-loop feedback control system that maintains a generated signal in a fixed phase relationship to a reference signal Phase Shifters: designed for use in power amplifier distortion compensation circuits in base station applications Power Dividers/Combiners: utilized to equally split signals into in-phase signals as often found in balanced signal chains and local oscillator distribution networks Power over Ethernet: enables both data and power to be sent over standard ethernet cable. Power Isolators: digital, analog isolators, and isolated gate drivers used in industrial control, solar inverters, hybrid/electric automotive systems and charging stations ProSLIC family of subscriber line interface circuits: provides complete analog telephone interfaces for premise equipment and enterprise Receivers: electronic devices that change a radio signal from a transmitter into useful information (including broadcast receivers) System In Package: complete system in a package, including modem, RF front-end, filtering, matching, timing generation typically, fully certified by regulatory bodies, industry bodies and multi-service operators Switches: components that perform the change between the transmit and receive function, as well as the band function for cellular handsets Synthesizers: devices that provide ultra-fine frequency resolution, fast switching speed, and low phase-noise performance Timing Devices: clock generators, oscillators, jitter attenuators, and buffers used in optical networking, data center, wireless base stations, industrial, and automotive applications Voltage Controlled Oscillators/Synthesizers: fully integrated, high performance signal source for high dynamic range transceivers Voltage Regulators: generate a fixed level which ideally remains constant over varying input voltage or load conditions We believe we possess broad technology capabilities and one of the most complete wireless communications product portfolios in the industry. Marketing and Distribution Our products are sold globally through a direct sales force, electronic component distributors, and independent sales representatives. As is customary in the semiconductor industry, our distributors may also market other products that compete with ours. Our sales engagement begins at the earliest stages of the design of an existing or potential customer s product. We collaborate technically with our customers and reference design partners at the inception of new programs. These relationships allow our team to facilitate customer-driven solutions, which leverage the unique strength of our intellectual property and product portfolio while providing high value and greatly reducing time-to-market. We believe the technical and complex nature of our products and markets demand an extraordinary commitment to maintain close ongoing relationships with our customers. We also employ a collaborative approach in developing these relationships by combining the support of our design teams, applications engineers, manufacturing personnel, sales and marketing staff, and senior management. Lastly, we leverage our customer relationships with cross-selling opportunities across product lines in order to maximize revenue. We believe that maintaining frequent and interactive contact with our customers is paramount to our continuous efforts to provide world-class sales and service support. By listening and responding to feedback, we are able to mobilize resources to raise our level of customer satisfaction, improve our ability to anticipate future product needs, and enhance our understanding of key market dynamics. We are confident that diligently following this path positions us to participate in numerous opportunities for growth in the future. Customer Concentration A small number of OEMs historically has accounted for a significant portion of our net revenue. In each of the fiscal years ended October 3, 2025 ( fiscal 2025 ), September 27, 2024 ( fiscal 2024 ), and September 29, 2023 ( fiscal 2023 ), Apple, through sales to multiple distributors and contract manufacturers for multiple applications including smartphones, tablets, desktop and notebook computers, watches, and other devices, constituted more than ten percent of our net revenue. Further, the Company s three largest accounts receivable balances comprised 82% and 80% of aggregate gross accounts receivable as of 9 Table of Contents October 3, 2025 and September 27, 2024, respectively. For further information regarding customer concentrations, see Note 14 to Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights We own or have a license to use numerous United States and foreign patents and patent applications related to our products and our manufacturing operations and processes. In addition, we own a number of trademarks and service marks applicable to certain of our products and services. We believe that our intellectual property, including patents, patent applications, trade secrets, and trademarks, is of material importance to our business. We rely on patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property laws, as well as non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements and other methods, to protect our confidential and proprietary technologies, designs, devices, algorithms, processes, and other intellectual property. Our efforts may not meaningfully protect our intellectual property, or others may independently develop substantially equivalent or superior proprietary technologies, designs, devices, algorithms, processes, or other intellectual property. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and effective copyright, patent, trademark, and trade secret protection may not be available in those jurisdictions. In addition to protecting our intellectual property, we strive to strengthen our intellectual property portfolio to enhance our ability to obtain cross-licenses of intellectual property from others, to obtain access to intellectual property we do not possess, and to more favorably resolve potential intellectual property claims against us. Due to rapid technological changes in the industry, we believe establishing and maintaining a technological leadership position depends primarily on our ability to develop new, innovative products through the technical competence of our engineering personnel. Competitive Conditions The competitive environment in the semiconductor industry is in a constant state of flux, with new products continually emerging and existing products approaching technological obsolescence. We compete on the basis of time-to-market, new product innovation, quality, performance, price, compliance with industry standards, strategic relationships with customers and baseband vendors, personnel resources, and protection of our intellectual property. We participate in highly competitive markets against numerous competitors that may be able to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, or may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their products. Research and Development Our products and markets demand rapid technological advancements requiring a continuous effort to enhance existing products and develop new products and technologies. Accordingly, we maintain a high level of research and development activity. We invested $785.5 million, $631.7 million, and $606.8 million in research and development during fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024, and fiscal 2023, respectively. The level of research and development expenses were the result of increases in our internal product designs and product development activity for our target markets in each of these fiscal years. Our research and development expenses include new product development and innovations in integrated circuit design, investment in advanced semiconductor manufacturing processes, development of new packaging and test capabilities, and research on next-generation technologies and product opportunities. We maintain close collaborative relationships with many of our customers to help identify market demands and target our development efforts to meet those demands. Raw Materials Raw materials for our products and manufacturing processes are generally available from several sources. It is our intent not to depend on a sole source of supply unless market or other conditions dictate otherwise. However, there are limited situations where we procure certain components and services for our products from single or limited sources, and we are currently dependent on a limited number of sole-source suppliers. We purchase materials and services primarily pursuant to individual purchase orders. However, we have entered into certain supply agreements for the purchase of raw materials or other manufacturing-related services that specify minimum prices and purchase quantity based on our anticipated future requirements. Certain of our suppliers consign raw materials to us at our manufacturing facilities to which we take title as needed in our manufacturing process. We have taken strategic action with suppliers located around the world to secure sourcing of the raw materials and components necessary for our manufacturing. Backlog and Inventory Our sales are primarily from the sale of semiconductor products under individual customer purchase orders, some of which have underlying master sales agreements that specify terms governing the product sales. In the absence of a sales agreement, the Company s standard terms and conditions apply. Due to industry practice, which allows customers to cancel orders with limited advance notice to us prior to shipment, and with little or no penalty, we believe that backlog as of any particular date may not be a reliable indicator of our future revenue levels. The cancellation or deferral of product orders, the return of previously sold 10 Table of Contents products, or overproduction due to a change in anticipated order volume could result in a reduction in revenue and us holding excess or obsolete inventory, which could result in inventory write-downs and, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Government Regulations We are subject to international, federal, state, and local legislation, regulations, and other requirements relating to the discharge of substances into the environment; the treatment, transport, and disposal of hazardous wastes; recycling and product packaging; worker health and safety; and other activities affecting the environment, our workforce, and the management of our manufacturing operations. In addition, most of our customers have mandated that our operations and our products comply with various sustainability initiatives and workers rights initiatives initiated by such customers, industry groups in which such customers participate, or the jurisdictions in which such customers operate. We believe that our operations and facilities comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and worker health and safety laws. Our efforts to comply with environmental laws and worker health and safety laws could have material impacts on our capital expenditures, competitive position, or financial condition, though the magnitude and duration of such impacts are uncertain and difficult to quantify. We are also subject to import/export controls, tariffs, and other trade-related regulations and restrictions in the countries in which we have operations or otherwise do business. These controls, tariffs, regulations, and restrictions (including those discussed below in Item 1A, Risk Factors) have had, and we believe may continue to have, a material impact on our business, including our ability to sell products and to manufacture or source components. Government regulations are subject to change in the future, and accordingly we are unable to assess the possible effect of compliance with future requirements or whether our compliance with such regulations will materially impact our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Seasonality Sales of our products are subject to seasonal fluctuation and periods of increased demand in end-user consumer applications, such as smartphones and tablet computing devices. The highest demand for our products generally occurs in our first fiscal quarter ending in December and the fourth fiscal quarter en