=== SWKS_2025-11-07.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors) and in the other documents filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) in evaluating our forward-looking statements. We have no plans, and undertake no obligation, to revise or update our forward-looking statements to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this report. We caution readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains estimates made by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and other industry data. These estimates involve a number of assumptions and limitations and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. In addition, projections, assumptions, and estimates of our future performance and the future performance of the industries in which we operate are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of important factors, including those described in Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . These and other factors could cause results to differ materially and adversely from those expressed in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us. In this document, the words we , our , ours , us , Skyworks , and the Company refer only to Skyworks Solutions, Inc., and its consolidated subsidiaries and not any other person or entity. In addition, the following is a list of industry terms that may be referenced throughout the document: 5G (Fifth Generation): next-generation cellular network technology BAW (Bulk Acoustic Wave): electrical input signal is converted to an acoustic wave for filtering and converted back into an electrical signal by a metal-piezo-metal vertical structure IoT (Internet of Things): the interconnection of uniquely identifiable embedded computing devices within the existing internet infrastructure LTE (Long-Term Evolution): 4th generation ( 4G ) radio technologies designed to increase the capacity and speed of mobile telephone networks MIMO (Multiple In, Multiple Out): a method for multiplying the capacity of a radio link using multiple transmission and receiving antennas to exploit multipath propagation; more commonly, it refers to LTE, 5G, and Wi-Fi techniques to send more than one data signal (also known as data layers) with encoded information to increase capacity in modern telecommunications systems 4 Table of Contents RF (Radio Frequency): electromagnetic wave frequencies that lie in the range extending from around 3 kHz to 300 GHz SAW (Surface Acoustic Wave): electrical input signal is converted to an acoustic wave for filtering and converted back into an electrical signal by interdigitated transducers on a piezoelectric substrate TC-SAW (Temperature Compensated Surface Acoustic Wave): SAW filters that have been designed to reduce shift in frequency over temperature Skyworks and the Skyworks symbol are trademarks or registered trademarks of Skyworks Solutions, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries. Third-party brands and names are for identification purposes only and are the property of their respective owners. 5 Table of Contents PART l ITEM 1. BUSINESS. Skyworks Solutions, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries ( Skyworks or the Company ), is a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductor products and solutions for numerous applications, including aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet, and wearables. Over the past two decades, Skyworks has made important investments to address key network technologies, from cellular to advanced Wi-Fi , enhanced GPS, and Bluetooth , among others. Capitalizing on both organic growth and strategic acquisitions, we are targeting high-growth verticals, while at the same time, seeking to diversify our revenue and customer set. Targeted investments in next-generation technology and solutions, technical talent, and fabrication capabilities have created the opportunity to expand into high-growth market segments, including electric and hybrid vehicles, industrial and motor control, power supply, 5G wireless infrastructure, optical data communication, data center, automotive, smart home, and several other applications. Our key customers include Amazon, Apple Inc. ( Apple ), Arcadyan, Arris, Bose, Ciena, Cisco, Ericsson, Fibocom, Garmin, Gemalto (a Thales company), General Electric, Google, Honeywell, Itron, Lenovo, LG Electronics, Microsoft, Motorola, NETGEAR, Nokia, Northrop Grumman, OPPO, Rockwell Collins, Sagemcom, Samsung, Schneider Electric, Sierra Wireless, Sonos, Sony, Technicolor, Telit, Tesla, TP-Link, VIVO, and Xiaomi. Our competitors include Analog Devices, Broadcom, Cirrus Logic, Murata Manufacturing, NXP Semiconductors, Qorvo, Qualcomm, and Texas Instruments. We operate worldwide with engineering, manufacturing, sales, and service facilities throughout Asia, Europe, and North America. Our Internet address is www.skyworksinc.com. We make available free of charge on our website our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the inclusion of our website address in this report is an inactive textual reference only. Our SEC filings are also available to the public at www.sec.gov. Industry Background Wireless connectivity is expanding on a global basis. A widening range of use cases is driving the high demand for wireless data across a broad array of applications. The advancement of 5G adoption, IoT, connectivity for everyone, automotive electrification and safety, as well as augmented reality and virtual reality technology, all demand faster speeds, increased bandwidth and capacity, significantly lower latency, and more reliable and secure wireless connectivity. The speed and ultra-low latency characteristics inherent in 5G technology are dramatically altering wireless connectivity, creating a market for diverse and transformative applications, and changing how individuals live, work, play, and learn. Most of the world s largest economies have implemented commercial 5G networks, and the world s leading smartphone manufacturers have launched multiple generations of 5G-enabled devices. We expect to see a continued expansion in data consumption, dependent on seamless and reliable wireless connectivity. A few statistics illustrate this point. According to the 2025 Ericsson Mobility Report, global mobile data for 5G subscriptions are forecast to reach 6.3 billion by the end of 2030, driven by new users, innovative services, and the convergence of artificial intelligence ( AI ) and 5G technology, and the total number of global IoT connections is now forecast to reach approximately 43 billion by 2030, including connected cars, machines, meters, sensors, point-of-sale terminals, consumer electronics and wearables. Connected cars are forecasted by McKinsey to make up 90% of new vehicles sold globally by 2030. Skyworks helps facilitate these opportunities with highly customized solutions that support a broad set of wireless systems and protocols including cellular (such as 5G), Wi-Fi , GPS, Bluetooth , Accutime , HD-Radio , LoRa , Thread , Wi-Sun , and Zigbee . Additionally, Wi-Fi 8, the next generation of Wi-Fi technology, complements 5G by providing high-speed wireless connectivity in local environments. Faster data rates and improved efficiency cater to the growing number of devices reliant on wireless networks. We believe AI can be a catalyst for more efficient and effective wireless communications. From endpoint devices to data centers, generative AI applications will drive the need for higher speed and higher bandwidth networks, while increasing the requirements for our precision timing solutions. 6 Table of Contents The first wave of AI-capable phones is reaching scale, and early demand signals are encouraging. As AI capabilities become more intuitive and integrated, we believe this could drive an inflection in upgrade cycles, leading to a potential tailwind to volumes and content over time. Finally, with the rapid transition towards electrification and advanced safety in vehicles, we are focused on high growth segments and content opportunities, including (i) power isolation chips for on-board chargers, powertrain, and battery management systems in electric vehicles, (ii) connectivity, with telematics and other solutions being enabled by 4G/5G cellular engines, Wi-Fi , Bluetooth , Ultra-wide band, Ethernet, and GPS, and (iii) in-vehicle infotainment systems, driven by digital radio coprocessors, and solutions supporting advanced driver-assistance systems and autonomous driving. Solving Connectivity Challenges Highly integrated semiconductor solutions are pivotal in deploying next-generation standards, resolving analog, mixed-signal, and RF complexities that challenge existing hardware and network infrastructure. Addressing these design challenges requires diverse competencies including signal transmission, seamless hand-offs between multiple standards, power management, voltage regulation, battery charging, advanced filtering, and tuning. We are at the forefront of this new era of connectivity, delivering the solutions that help enable the true potential of 5G and IoT. We have a rich heritage in analog systems design and have spent years investing in key technologies and resources. Our strength is underpinned by world-class performance and scale across a broad array of capabilities that include advanced TC-SAW and BAW filters, an expanded family of MIMO, ultra-high band, and diversity receive modules, timing devices, and digital power isolators. From our breakthrough Sky5 unifying platform to our 5G small cell solutions, our approach across both infrastructure and user equipment facilitates powerful, high-speed, end-to-end 5G connectivity. Skyworks Strategy Major elements of our strategy include: Industry-Leading Technology As the industry migrates to more complex 5G architectures across a multitude of wireless applications, we are poised to help our customers handle growing levels of system complexity across both the transmit and receive chains. The trend towards increasing front-end and analog design challenges in smartphones and other platforms plays directly into our core strengths. Additionally, accelerating AI trends could catalyze the smartphone transformation with incremental content driving unprecedented functional and physical densities. These advancements will deliver more bandwidth, faster speeds, and enable applications like virtual reality, augmented reality, live video streaming, and seamless IoT connectivity. Crucially, they aim to bring us closer to achieving reliable low latency, ideal for massive machine communications, and introduces non-terrestrial networks that enable satellite connectivity for emergency applications. We believe that we offer the broadest portfolio of radio and analog solutions from the transceiver to the antenna as well as all required manufacturing process technologies. We are also a leader in passive devices, advanced integration, including proprietary shielding and 3-D die stacking, as well as SAW, TC-SAW, and BAW filters. Our product portfolio is reinforced by a library of approximately 5,200 worldwide issued patents and other intellectual property that we own and control. Together, our industry-leading technology enables us to deliver the highest levels of product performance and integration. Customer Relationships Given our scale and technology leadership, we are engaged with leading original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ), smartphone providers, and baseband reference design partners in the analog and mixed-signal semiconductor industry. Our customers value the scale of our global supply chain, our innovative technology, our ability to curate and deliver unique solutions, and our system engineering expertise, resulting in deep customer loyalty. We partner with our customers to support their long-term product road maps and are valued as a system solutions provider rather than just a discrete product vendor. Diversification We are diversifying the reach of our business by expanding our addressable markets and broadening our product portfolio to serve a wider array of global customers. With the increasing adoption of 5G and the opportunity to enable more applications, we are growing our business beyond mobile devices (where we support leading top-tier manufacturers, including the leading smartphone suppliers and key baseband vendors) into additional high-performance analog markets, including automotive, home and factory automation, data center, solar, wireless infrastructure, aerospace and defense, medical, smart energy, and wireless 7 Table of Contents networking. In these markets we leverage our scale, intellectual property, and worldwide distribution network, which spans approximately 6,900 customers and 4,900 unique products. Delivering Operational Excellence Through advanced supply chain management, we combine our highly specialized internal manufacturing capabilities with alliances and strategic relationships for leading-edge technologies. This hybrid manufacturing model allows us to better balance our manufacturing capacity with the demand of the marketplace. Additionally, we continue to drive reductions in product design and manufacturing cycle times and further improve product yields. The combination of agile, flexible capacity, and world-class module manufacturing and scale advantage allows us to achieve low product costs while integrating multiple technologies into highly sophisticated multi-chip modules and helping to ensure stable supply to our global customer base. Maintaining a Performance-Driven Culture We consider our people and corporate culture to be a competitive advantage and a key component of our corporate strategy, aligning employee efforts and responsibilities with performance measurement. Accountability is paramount, and we compensate our employees through a pay-for-performance methodology. Generating Superior Operating Results and Stockholder Returns We believe our manufacturing scale, broad product portfolio, strong profitability, and consistent cash flow generation position us to provide superior results and strong returns to our stockholders. Our Product Portfolio Our extensive product portfolio includes: Amplifiers: the modules that strengthen the signal so that it has sufficient energy to reach a base station Antenna Tuners: aperture and impedance tuning products that improve antenna performance across frequencies Attenuators: circuits that allow a known source of power to be reduced by a predetermined factor (usually expressed as decibels) Automotive Tuners and Digital Radios: tuners, data receivers, and digital radio coprocessors used in automotive infotainment systems Wireless ASoC: an intelligent 2.4 GHz and 5GHz wireless radio integrated circuit that includes all the analog and digital functions optimized for building cognitive wireless audio headsets, headphones, and wireless speaker systems DC/DC Converters: an electronic circuit which converts a source of direct current from one voltage level to another Demodulators: a device or an RF block used in receivers to extract the information that has been modulated onto a carrier or from the carrier itself Detectors: devices used to measure and control RF power in wireless systems Digital Power Isolators: energy efficient solutions used in industrial control, solar inverters and hybrid/electric automotive drive trains Diodes: semiconductor devices that pass current in one direction only Directional Couplers: transmission coupling devices for separately sampling the forward or backward wave in a transmission line Diversity Receive Modules: devices used to improve receiver sensitivity in high data rate applications Filters: devices for recovering and separating mixed and modulated data in RF stages, including SAW, TC-SAW, and BAW filters Front-end Modules: two or more functions co-packaged to optimize the performance, cost, and application suitability in products, including intermediate or radio frequency signal paths Hybrid: a type of directional coupler used in radio and telecommunications LED Drivers: devices which regulate the current through a light-emitting diode or string of diodes for the purpose of creating light Low-Noise Amplifiers: devices used to reduce system noise figure in the receive chain Mixers: devices that enable signals to be converted to a higher or lower frequency signal and thereby allowing the signals to be processed more effectively Modulators: devices that take a baseband input signal and output a radio frequency modulated signal Optocouplers/Optoisolators: semiconductor devices that allow signals to be transferred between circuits or systems while ensuring that the circuits or systems are electrically isolated from each other 8 Table of Contents Phase Locked Loops: closed-loop feedback control system that maintains a generated signal in a fixed phase relationship to a reference signal Phase Shifters: designed for use in power amplifier distortion compensation circuits in base station applications Power Dividers/Combiners: utilized to equally split signals into in-phase signals as often found in balanced signal chains and local oscillator distribution networks Power over Ethernet: enables both data and power to be sent over standard ethernet cable. Power Isolators: digital, analog isolators, and isolated gate drivers used in industrial control, solar inverters, hybrid/electric automotive systems and charging stations ProSLIC family of subscriber line interface circuits: provides complete analog telephone interfaces for premise equipment and enterprise Receivers: electronic devices that change a radio signal from a transmitter into useful information (including broadcast receivers) System In Package: complete system in a package, including modem, RF front-end, filtering, matching, timing generation typically, fully certified by regulatory bodies, industry bodies and multi-service operators Switches: components that perform the change between the transmit and receive function, as well as the band function for cellular handsets Synthesizers: devices that provide ultra-fine frequency resolution, fast switching speed, and low phase-noise performance Timing Devices: clock generators, oscillators, jitter attenuators, and buffers used in optical networking, data center, wireless base stations, industrial, and automotive applications Voltage Controlled Oscillators/Synthesizers: fully integrated, high performance signal source for high dynamic range transceivers Voltage Regulators: generate a fixed level which ideally remains constant over varying input voltage or load conditions We believe we possess broad technology capabilities and one of the most complete wireless communications product portfolios in the industry. Marketing and Distribution Our products are sold globally through a direct sales force, electronic component distributors, and independent sales representatives. As is customary in the semiconductor industry, our distributors may also market other products that compete with ours. Our sales engagement begins at the earliest stages of the design of an existing or potential customer s product. We collaborate technically with our customers and reference design partners at the inception of new programs. These relationships allow our team to facilitate customer-driven solutions, which leverage the unique strength of our intellectual property and product portfolio while providing high value and greatly reducing time-to-market. We believe the technical and complex nature of our products and markets demand an extraordinary commitment to maintain close ongoing relationships with our customers. We also employ a collaborative approach in developing these relationships by combining the support of our design teams, applications engineers, manufacturing personnel, sales and marketing staff, and senior management. Lastly, we leverage our customer relationships with cross-selling opportunities across product lines in order to maximize revenue. We believe that maintaining frequent and interactive contact with our customers is paramount to our continuous efforts to provide world-class sales and service support. By listening and responding to feedback, we are able to mobilize resources to raise our level of customer satisfaction, improve our ability to anticipate future product needs, and enhance our understanding of key market dynamics. We are confident that diligently following this path positions us to participate in numerous opportunities for growth in the future. Customer Concentration A small number of OEMs historically has accounted for a significant portion of our net revenue. In each of the fiscal years ended October 3, 2025 ( fiscal 2025 ), September 27, 2024 ( fiscal 2024 ), and September 29, 2023 ( fiscal 2023 ), Apple, through sales to multiple distributors and contract manufacturers for multiple applications including smartphones, tablets, desktop and notebook computers, watches, and other devices, constituted more than ten percent of our net revenue. Further, the Company s three largest accounts receivable balances comprised 82% and 80% of aggregate gross accounts receivable as of 9 Table of Contents October 3, 2025 and September 27, 2024, respectively. For further information regarding customer concentrations, see Note 14 to Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights We own or have a license to use numerous United States and foreign patents and patent applications related to our products and our manufacturing operations and processes. In addition, we own a number of trademarks and service marks applicable to certain of our products and services. We believe that our intellectual property, including patents, patent applications, trade secrets, and trademarks, is of material importance to our business. We rely on patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property laws, as well as non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements and other methods, to protect our confidential and proprietary technologies, designs, devices, algorithms, processes, and other intellectual property. Our efforts may not meaningfully protect our intellectual property, or others may independently develop substantially equivalent or superior proprietary technologies, designs, devices, algorithms, processes, or other intellectual property. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and effective copyright, patent, trademark, and trade secret protection may not be available in those jurisdictions. In addition to protecting our intellectual property, we strive to strengthen our intellectual property portfolio to enhance our ability to obtain cross-licenses of intellectual property from others, to obtain access to intellectual property we do not possess, and to more favorably resolve potential intellectual property claims against us. Due to rapid technological changes in the industry, we believe establishing and maintaining a technological leadership position depends primarily on our ability to develop new, innovative products through the technical competence of our engineering personnel. Competitive Conditions The competitive environment in the semiconductor industry is in a constant state of flux, with new products continually emerging and existing products approaching technological obsolescence. We compete on the basis of time-to-market, new product innovation, quality, performance, price, compliance with industry standards, strategic relationships with customers and baseband vendors, personnel resources, and protection of our intellectual property. We participate in highly competitive markets against numerous competitors that may be able to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, or may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their products. Research and Development Our products and markets demand rapid technological advancements requiring a continuous effort to enhance existing products and develop new products and technologies. Accordingly, we maintain a high level of research and development activity. We invested $785.5 million, $631.7 million, and $606.8 million in research and development during fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024, and fiscal 2023, respectively. The level of research and development expenses were the result of increases in our internal product designs and product development activity for our target markets in each of these fiscal years. Our research and development expenses include new product development and innovations in integrated circuit design, investment in advanced semiconductor manufacturing processes, development of new packaging and test capabilities, and research on next-generation technologies and product opportunities. We maintain close collaborative relationships with many of our customers to help identify market demands and target our development efforts to meet those demands. Raw Materials Raw materials for our products and manufacturing processes are generally available from several sources. It is our intent not to depend on a sole source of supply unless market or other conditions dictate otherwise. However, there are limited situations where we procure certain components and services for our products from single or limited sources, and we are currently dependent on a limited number of sole-source suppliers. We purchase materials and services primarily pursuant to individual purchase orders. However, we have entered into certain supply agreements for the purchase of raw materials or other manufacturing-related services that specify minimum prices and purchase quantity based on our anticipated future requirements. Certain of our suppliers consign raw materials to us at our manufacturing facilities to which we take title as needed in our manufacturing process. We have taken strategic action with suppliers located around the world to secure sourcing of the raw materials and components necessary for our manufacturing. Backlog and Inventory Our sales are primarily from the sale of semiconductor products under individual customer purchase orders, some of which have underlying master sales agreements that specify terms governing the product sales. In the absence of a sales agreement, the Company s standard terms and conditions apply. Due to industry practice, which allows customers to cancel orders with limited advance notice to us prior to shipment, and with little or no penalty, we believe that backlog as of any particular date may not be a reliable indicator of our future revenue levels. The cancellation or deferral of product orders, the return of previously sold 10 Table of Contents products, or overproduction due to a change in anticipated order volume could result in a reduction in revenue and us holding excess or obsolete inventory, which could result in inventory write-downs and, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Government Regulations We are subject to international, federal, state, and local legislation, regulations, and other requirements relating to the discharge of substances into the environment; the treatment, transport, and disposal of hazardous wastes; recycling and product packaging; worker health and safety; and other activities affecting the environment, our workforce, and the management of our manufacturing operations. In addition, most of our customers have mandated that our operations and our products comply with various sustainability initiatives and workers rights initiatives initiated by such customers, industry groups in which such customers participate, or the jurisdictions in which such customers operate. We believe that our operations and facilities comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and worker health and safety laws. Our efforts to comply with environmental laws and worker health and safety laws could have material impacts on our capital expenditures, competitive position, or financial condition, though the magnitude and duration of such impacts are uncertain and difficult to quantify. We are also subject to import/export controls, tariffs, and other trade-related regulations and restrictions in the countries in which we have operations or otherwise do business. These controls, tariffs, regulations, and restrictions (including those discussed below in Item 1A, Risk Factors) have had, and we believe may continue to have, a material impact on our business, including our ability to sell products and to manufacture or source components. Government regulations are subject to change in the future, and accordingly we are unable to assess the possible effect of compliance with future requirements or whether our compliance with such regulations will materially impact our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Seasonality Sales of our products are subject to seasonal fluctuation and periods of increased demand in end-user consumer applications, such as smartphones and tablet computing devices. The highest demand for our products generally occurs in our first fiscal quarter ending in December and the fourth fiscal quarter ending in September. The lowest demand for our products generally occurs in our second fiscal quarter ending in March and the third fiscal quarter ending in June. Employees Our workforce consists of approximately 10,000 employees located around the world, more than 99% of whom are full-time employees. As of October 3, 2025: Our workforce was distributed geographically approximately as follows: 54% in Mexico, 24% in the United States, 20% in Asia, 1% in Canada, and less than 1% in Europe. Our workforce was distributed by function approximately as follows: 39% in individual contributor manufacturing roles, 36% in engineering or technician roles, 12% in managerial roles, and 13% in professional or other administrative roles. Approximately 3,260 of our employees in Mexico, 550 of our employees in Singapore, and 460 of our employees in Japan were covered by collective bargaining and other union agreements. We focus on attracting and retaining employees by providing compensation and benefits packages that are competitive within the applicable market for each position. Nearly all full-time employees across the globe are eligible to participate in one of the Company s incentive plans, under which payments are tied to pre-established performance goals, as well as to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a discount from its market price pursuant to the Company s employee stock purchase plans. In addition, we believe that developing our employees skill sets and decision-making abilities through challenging project assignments, formal training, mentorship, and recognition is key not only to our employees job satisfaction and our retention efforts, but also to maintaining a strong leadership pipeline. 11 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. You should carefully consider the risks described below, some of which have manifested and any of which may occur in the future, in addition to the other information contained in this report before making an investment decision with respect to any of our securities. Our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted by any of these risks, which could, in turn, adversely affect our stock price. Additional risks not currently known to us or other factors not perceived by us as material risks could also present significant risks to our business. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. This summary is intended to provide investors with an overview of the risks we face and should not be considered a substitute for the more detailed risk factors discussed immediately following this summary. Risks Associated with the Proposed Transaction with Qorvo Completion of the proposed transaction with Qorvo may be delayed or not occur at all for a variety of reasons, including that the Merger Agreement is terminated, and the failure to complete the Mergers could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and the market price of our common stock. Completion of the proposed Mergers is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of closing conditions contained in the Merger Agreement, including certain regulatory approvals which may not be received, may take longer than expected or the receipt of which may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or that cannot be met, and if these closing conditions are not satisfied or waived, the proposed Mergers will not be completed. Failure to realize the benefits expected from the Mergers could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Efforts to complete the Mergers could disrupt our relationships with third parties and employees, divert management s attention, or result in negative publicity or legal proceedings, any of which could adversely impact our operating results and ongoing business. The Merger Agreement contains provisions that limit our ability to pursue alternative transactions to the Mergers which could discourage a potential third party from making an alternative transaction proposal. While the Merger Agreement is in effect, we are subject to restrictions on our business activities. As a result of the Mergers, we anticipate that the scope and size of our operations and business will substantially change and will result in certain incremental risks to us, including increased competition. We may not realize the full expected benefits of the Mergers. The Mergers will require us to incur substantial additional indebtedness, which could reduce our flexibility to operate our business and negatively affect our financial condition, and increase the risks associated with our level of indebtedness. Risks Associated with Operating a Global Business The risks of doing business internationally apply to all aspects of our operations. Changes in tax laws and regulations could have an adverse impact on our operating results. We, our customers and our suppliers are subject to the risks of doing business in China. Risks Associated with the Development, Manufacturing, and Sale of Our Products Our operating results may be adversely affected by quarterly and annual fluctuations. We rely on a small number of customers for a large portion of our sales. We rely on Original Equipment Manufacturers ( OEMs ) and Original Design Manufacturers ( ODMs ) to design our products into their end products. Our manufacturing processes are extremely complex, specialized, and subject to disruption. We may not be able to maintain and improve manufacturing yields. We are dependent upon third parties for the manufacture, assembly, and testing of our products. We are dependent upon third parties for the supply of raw materials and components. We may not be able to effectively operate our business if we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel. Our business could be adversely affected by the departure of existing members of our senior management team or if our senior management team is unable to effectively implement our strategy. If our senior management transitions are not successful, our business and future growth prospects could be harmed. We are subject to uncertainties involving the ordering and shipment of, and payment for, our products. We face a risk that capital needed for our business will not be available when we need it. We are exposed to risks related to the use of AI tools by us and others. We may encounter problems upgrading, enhancing, and improving our enterprise applications. 12 Table of Contents Risks Related to Acquisitions and Indebtedness To be successful, we may need to make additional investments and acquisitions, integrate companies we acquire, and/or enter into strategic alliances. Our outstanding indebtedness could reduce our flexibility to operate our business. Risks Associated with Our Industry The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and subject to significant downturns. The wireless communications, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets are characterized by significant competition. Remaining competitive in the semiconductor industry depends upon our ability to constantly innovate. Increasingly stringent environmental laws, rules, regulations, and customer expectations may require us to redesign our existing products and processes, which could adversely affect our ability to cost-effectively produce our products. Risks Associated with Cybersecurity and Intellectual Property Protection We may not be able to prevent, or timely detect, information technology security breaches. In order to remain competitive, we must be able to successfully protect our intellectual property rights. We are subject to the risks of licensing third-party intellectual property. Risks Associated with Claims and Litigation We may be subject to risks of litigation and disputes. We may be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights or demands that we license third-party technology. We may be subject to warranty claims, product recalls, and other liability claims . Risks Associated with Owning our Common Stock Our stock price has been volatile and may fluctuate in the future. There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends or repurchase our stock. Certain provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law may make it difficult for someone to acquire control of us. Risks Associated with the Proposed Transaction with Qorvo Completion of the proposed transaction with Qorvo may be delayed or not occur at all for a variety of reasons, including that the Merger Agreement is terminated, and the failure to complete the Mergers could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and the market price of our common stock. On October 27, 2025, we entered into the Agreement and Plan of Merger ( Merger Agreement ) with Qorvo, Inc. ( Qorvo ), Comet Acquisition Corp. ( Merger Sub I ), and Comet Acquisition II, LLC ( Merger Sub II ), pursuant to which Merger Sub I will be merged with and into Qorvo (the First Merger ), with Qorvo as the surviving entity in the First Merger (the Surviving Corporation ) with the Surviving Corporation continuing as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and immediately following the First Merger, and as the second step in a single integrated transaction with the First Merger, the Surviving Corporation will be merged with and into Merger Sub II (the Second Merger, and together with the First Merger, the Mergers ), with Merger Sub II as the surviving entity in the Second Merger and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Completion of the Mergers is subject to customary closing conditions, including (1) the adoption of the Merger Agreement by Qorvo s stockholders, and the approval of the issuance of common stock as merger consideration by the Company s stockholders as required under Nasdaq listing rules, (2) the expiration or early termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the approval of the Mergers under certain other antitrust and foreign investment regimes, (3) the absence of any order, injunction or law prohibiting the Mergers in such jurisdictions, (4) the effectiveness of the registration statement pursuant to which shares of the Company s common stock to be issued in the Mergers will be registered with the SEC, (5) the accuracy of the other party s representations and warranties, subject to certain standards set forth in the Merger Agreement, (6) compliance in all material respects by the other party with its obligations under the Merger Agreement, and (7) the absence of a continuing material adverse effect with respect to each party. Therefore, there can be no assurance that the Mergers will be completed in the expected timeframe (early in calendar year 2027), or at all. The Merger Agreement may be terminated under certain circumstances, including that either party may terminate if the Mergers are not completed by April 27, 2027, which date may be extended to July 27, 2027, and to October 27, 2027, in each case under certain circumstances as provided in the Merger Agreement (the Outside Date ). Upon termination of the Merger Agreement, each party under specified circumstances, including termination by such party to accept a Superior Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or termination by the other party upon a change in such party s board of directors recommendation to its 13 Table of Contents stockholders, will be required to pay the other party a termination fee of $298.7 million. Alternatively, we, under specified circumstances, including termination following an injunction arising in connection with certain antitrust or foreign investment laws, or failure to receive certain required regulatory approvals of specified governmental authorities by the Outside Date, will be required to pay Qorvo a termination fee of $100.0 million. Failure to complete the Mergers within the expected timeframe or at all could adversely affect our business and the market price of our common stock in a number of ways, including: the market price of our common stock may decline to the extent that the current market price reflects an assumption that the Mergers will be consummated; if the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances specified in the Merger Agreement, we would be required to pay a termination fee of $298.7 million or $100.0 million, as described above; we have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant expenses for professional services in connection with the Mergers for which we will have received little or no benefit if the Mergers are not consummated; and we may experience negative publicity and/or reactions from our investors, employees, customers, suppliers, distributors and other business partners. Completion of the proposed Mergers is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of closing conditions contained in the Merger Agreement, including certain regulatory approvals which may not be received, may take longer than expected or the receipt of which may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or that cannot be met, and if these closing conditions are not satisfied or waived, the proposed Mergers will not be completed. Various consents, clearances, approvals, authorizations and declarations of non-objection, or expiration of waiting periods (or extensions thereof), from certain regulatory and governmental authorities in the United States and certain other jurisdictions are included in the Merger Agreement as conditions to completing the proposed Mergers. Regulatory and governmental entities may impose conditions on their respective approvals, in which case lengthy negotiations may ensue among such regulatory or governmental entities, the Company and Qorvo. Such conditions, any such negotiations and the process of obtaining such regulatory approvals, consents or clearances, including any potential changes to the terms of the Mergers, could have the effect of delaying or preventing consummation of the proposed Mergers. Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, we have agreed to use our reasonable best efforts to take all actions necessary to consummate the Mergers, including cooperating to obtain the regulatory approvals necessary to complete the Mergers. Nonetheless, certain conditions to the completion of the pending Mergers are not within our or Qorvo s control, and we cannot predict when or if these conditions will be satisfied (or waived, as applicable). There can be no assurance that all required approvals will be obtained or that all closing conditions will otherwise be satisfied (or waived, if applicable), and, if all required approvals are obtained and all closing conditions are satisfied (or waived, if applicable), we can provide no assurance as to the terms, conditions and timing of such approvals or that the pending Mergers will be completed in a timely manner or at all. Even if regulatory approvals are obtained, it is possible conditions will be imposed that could result in a material delay in, or the abandonment of, the pending Mergers or otherwise have an adverse effect on the Company. Failure to realize the benefits expected from the Mergers could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The anticipated benefits we expect from the Mergers are based on projections and assumptions about our combined business with Qorvo, which may not materialize as expected or which may prove to be inaccurate. Our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected if we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits from the Mergers on a timely basis, if at all, including, among other things, realizing the anticipated cost and operational synergies from the Mergers in the anticipated amounts or within the anticipated timeframes or cost expectations, if at all. Achieving the benefits of the Mergers will depend, in part, on our ability to integrate the business and operations of Qorvo successfully and efficiently with our business. The challenges involved in this integration, which may be complex and time-consuming, include, among others, the following: avoiding business disruptions, preserving customer and other important relationships of Qorvo and attracting new business and operational relationships; coordinating and integrating independent research and development and engineering teams across technologies and product platforms to enhance product development while reducing costs; integrating financial forecasting and controls, procedures and reporting cycles; consolidating and integrating corporate, IT, finance, human resources and administrative infrastructures; coordinating sales and marketing efforts to effectively position the combined company s capabilities and the direction of product development; integrating Qorvo s systems, operations and product lines; meeting obligations that we will have to counterparties of Qorvo that arise as a result of the change in control of Qorvo; and 14 Table of Contents integrating employees and related HR systems and benefits, maintaining employee productivity and retaining key employees. If we do not successfully manage these issues and the other challenges inherent in integrating a new business, then we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the Mergers on our anticipated timeframe, if at all, and our business, revenue, expenses, operating results, financial condition and stock price could be materially adversely affected. Efforts to complete the Mergers could disrupt our relationships with third parties and employees, divert management s attention, or result in negative publicity or legal proceedings, any of which could adversely impact our operating results and ongoing business. We have expended, and continue to expend, significant management time and resources in an effort to complete the Mergers, which may have a negative impact on our ongoing business and operations. Uncertainty regarding the outcome of the Mergers and our future could disrupt our business relationships with our existing and potential customers, distributors, service providers and other business partners, who may attempt to negotiate changes in existing business relationships or consider entering into business relationships with parties other than Qorvo. Uncertainty regarding the outcome of the Mergers could also adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain key personnel and other employees. The pendency of the Mergers may also result in negative publicity and a negative impression of us in the financial markets, and may lead to litigation against us and our directors and officers. Even if the lawsuits are without merit, defending against or otherwise resolving these claims can result in substantial costs and divert management time and resources. Such litigation would be distracting to management and, may, in the future, require us to incur significant costs. Such litigation could result in the Mergers being delayed and/or enjoined by a court of competent jurisdiction, which could prevent the Mergers from being completed. The occurrence of any of these events individually or in combination could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The Merger Agreement contains provisions that limit our ability to pursue alternative transactions to the Mergers which could discourage a potential third party from making an alternative transaction proposal. The Merger Agreement contains provisions that preclude us from soliciting proposals relating to alternative acquisition transactions or entering into discussions or negotiations or providing non-public information in connection with any proposal for an alternative acquisition transaction from a third party, subject to certain exceptions to permit our Board of Directors to comply with its fiduciary obligations. We have further agreed to cease and cause to be terminated any existing discussions or negotiations, if any, with regard to alternative acquisition transactions. These prohibitions could discourage a third party from making an alternative transaction proposal. Additionally, if the Merger Agreement is terminated and we determine to seek another business combination, we may not be able to negotiate a transaction with another party on terms comparable to, or better than, the terms of the Merger Agreement. While the Merger Agreement is in effect, we are subject to restrictions on our business activities. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants, including, among others, covenants regarding the conduct of our business during the pendency of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. These restrictions could prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the consummation of the Mergers and could have the effect of delaying or preventing other strategic transactions. Although we may be able to pursue such activities with Qorvo s consent, there is no guarantee that Qorvo will provide us with the necessary consent. As a result of the Mergers, we anticipate that the scope and size of our operations and business will substantially change and will result in certain incremental risks to us, including increased competition. We may not realize the full expected benefits of the Mergers . We anticipate that the Mergers will substantially expand the scope and size of our business by adding substantial assets and operations to our existing business. The anticipated future growth of our business will impose significant added responsibilities on management, including, among other things, the need to identify, recruit, train and integrate additional employees. Our senior management s attention may be diverted from the management of our business and its daily operations to the completion of the Mergers and the integration of Qorvo s business. Further, the Mergers could also create uncertainty for our or Qorvo s employees and customers, particularly during the post-transaction integration process. It could also disrupt existing business relationships, make it more difficult to develop new business relationships, or otherwise negatively impact the way that we operate our business. We also anticipate that the Mergers will result in increased competition. Qorvo operates in highly competitive segments and is facing increasing competition for its products and services. These competitive pressures may result in decreased sales volumes, price reductions and/or increased operating costs, and could result in lower revenues, margins and net income for the combined company. The Mergers could also result in our failure to realize expected synergies or cost savings. Our ability to manage our business and growth will require us to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. We may also encounter risks, costs and expenses associated with any undisclosed or other 15 Table of Contents unanticipated liabilities and use more cash and other financial resources on integration and implementation activities than we expect. We may not be able to integrate the Qorvo business into our existing operations on our anticipated timelines or realize the full expected economic benefits of the Mergers, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, the completion of the Mergers may heighten the potential adverse effects on our business, operating results or financial condition described elsewhere in the Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Mergers will require us to incur substantial additional indebtedness, which could reduce our flexibility to operate our business and negatively affect our financial condition, and increase the risks associated with our level of indebtedness. We already have substantial outstanding indebtedness. For risks related to such indebtedness, see the risks set forth in Our outstanding indebtedness could reduce our flexibility to operate our business. We expect to incur a substantial amount of additional indebtedness in connection with the Mergers and have entered into the Bridge Commitment Letter for the purpose of financing a portion of the cash consideration to be paid in the Mergers, paying related fees and expenses in connection with the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and, in certain circumstances, if required, to refinance certain of Qorvo s outstanding senior notes. We expect to use a portion of the proceeds from the facilities to repay Qorvo s existing credit facility substantially concurrently with the completion of the Mergers. Our ability to obtain new debt financing will depend on, among other factors, prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain new debt financing on terms acceptable to us or at all, and any such failure could materially adversely affect our operations and financial condition. Our obligation to complete the Mergers is not conditioned upon the receipt of any financing. In addition, in connection with the Mergers, we may choose to assume all or a portion of Qorvo s outstanding senior notes. Qorvo s senior notes contain restrictive covenants (subject to suspension in the event of investment grade ratings), some of which are more restrictive than those applicable to our current indebtedness, including those that would limit the ability of Qorvo (as our subsidiary) and certain of its subsidiaries to: incur additional debt; pay dividends, make other distributions or repurchase or redeem its capital stock; prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt; make loans and investments; sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of assets; incur or permit to exist certain liens; enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates (including with us and our other subsidiaries); enter into agreements restricting its subsidiaries ability to pay dividends; and consolidate, amalgamate, merge or sell all or substantially all of its assets. As a result, the assumption of Qorvo s senior notes, to the extent those covenants remain in effect, could limit our operating and financial flexibility. Following the Mergers, the substantial indebtedness incurred or assumed in connection with the Mergers could have materially adverse effects on our business, operating results and financial condition, including, among other things: increasing our vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory and industry conditions; limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry; placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors with less indebtedness; increasing our interest expense and potentially requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of cash to fund our business needs; limiting our ability to return equity through stock repurchases or pay dividends to our stockholders; limiting our ability to borrow additional funds in the future to fund growth, acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures or other purposes; and increasing the risks described under Our outstanding indebtedness could reduce our flexibility to operate our business. Risks Associated with Operating a Global Business The risks of doing business internationally apply to all aspects of our operations. We derive significant revenues from customers located outside the United States, primarily in countries located in the Asia-Pacific region and Europe. We have suppliers located outside the United States, including third-party packaging, assembly, and test facilities and semiconductor foundries located in the Asia-Pacific region. We also operate our own wafer processing facilities in Osaka, Japan, as well as packaging, assembly, and test facilities in Singapore and in Mexicali, Mexico. Our international sales and operations are subject to a number of risks inherent in selling and operating in multiple jurisdictions. These include, but are not limited to, risks regarding: recession or economic downturn globally or in the jurisdictions in which we do business, currency controls and currency exchange rate fluctuations, including increases or decreases in commodities prices related to such fluctuations, 16 Table of Contents inflation or deflation, as well as changes in existing and expected rates of inflation or deflation, which may vary across the jurisdictions in which we do business, interest rates, as well as changes in existing and expected interest rates, which may vary across the jurisdictions in which we do business, global, regional, and local economic and political conditions, including social, economic, political, and supply chain instability related to the uncertainty regarding the relationships among the United States, China, Taiwan, Russia, Mexico, Israel, other Middle Eastern countries, Japan, Singapore, India, Canada and other foreign countries, and the international community at large, as well as related to armed conflicts, such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the conflicts in Israel and the Middle Eastern region, that exist, or in the future could exist, in various jurisdictions around the world, the imposition of or changes to tariffs, including the tariffs announced by the United States in 2025 with respect to numerous global trading partners and sectors, and any retaliatory tariffs or measures by any such trading partners, including countermeasures by China, have impacted and could further negatively impact trade between, or increase the cost of operating in, or increase the cost of or negatively impact the demand for, our products or our customers products in the countries in which we or our customers do business, the laws and policies of the United States and other countries affecting trade and foreign investment, including prohibitions on certain trade and other activities in China, Russia, Belarus, and portions of Ukraine, and the entry into, withdrawal from, or renegotiation of trade agreements by the United States (or other jurisdictions) potentially affecting Mexico, China, Japan, Singapore, Korea, Taiwan, Canada, and other countries in which we do business, other restrictive or punitive governmental actions (such as restrictions on transfer of funds, restrictions on individuals movement, travel restrictions, quarantines, lockdowns, and curfews, trade protection measures, including export duties, quotas, customs duties, border taxes, border closures, increased import or export controls, import and export licenses, and restrictions on the purchase of products made or containing technology or components from certain companies or from companies located in certain jurisdictions), or actions by non-governmental individuals and groups (such as protests, boycotts, insurgencies, organized crime, and general civil unrest), that could negatively impact trade between, or increase the cost of operating in, the countries in which we do business, labor market conditions and laws, disruptions of capital and trading markets, difficulty in collecting, or failure to collect, accounts receivable, as well as longer collection periods, changes in, or non-compliance with, legal or regulatory import/export requirements, including restrictions on selling to certain customers or into certain jurisdictions, natural disasters and severe weather events, including earthquakes, wildfires, droughts, hurricanes, tsunamis, floods, rising sea levels, as well as other impacts of climate change, acts of terrorism, widespread illness, the effects of global health crises on business conditions in our industry or in the jurisdictions in which we do business, or other deterioration of public health conditions, and war, misappropriation or other unauthorized transfers of our information and breaches of our information systems, as well as the potential lack of adequate remedies or enforcement mechanisms in certain jurisdictions, difficulty in engaging distribution partners or obtaining sales or other business support in certain jurisdictions, cultural differences in the conduct of business, direct or indirect government actions, subsidies, or policies aimed at supporting local industry or markets, changes in current or future tax law or regulations or new interpretations thereof, by federal or state agencies or foreign governments, changes in the effective tax rate as a result of our overall profitability and mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, results of audits and examination of previously filed tax returns, and limitations on our ability under local laws to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights. Additionally, we are subject to risks in certain global markets in which wireless operators provide subsidies on handset sales to their customers. Increases in cellular handset prices that negatively impact handset sales can result from changes in regulatory policies or other factors, which could impact the demand for our products. Some of the countries in which we operate and seek to expand are in emerging markets where legal systems may be less developed or familiar to us, potentially impacting our ability to obtain appropriate recourse in the event of a dispute. Other jurisdictions in which we conduct business have established, or may establish, legal and regulatory regimes that differ materially from United States laws and regulations. It is costly, time-consuming, and requires significant resources to comply with the numerous, and sometimes conflicting, legal regimes in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business on matters as diverse as anti-corruption, anti-bribery, import/export controls, content requirements, trade restrictions, tariffs, taxation, sanctions, immigration, intellectual property, sustainability, internal and disclosure control obligations, securities regulation, competition, data privacy and protection, employment, and labor relations. Violations of one or more of these legal regimes laws and regulations in the conduct of our business could result in significant fines, penalties, or monetary damages, criminal 17 Table of Contents sanctions against us or our officers, prohibitions on doing business, unfavorable publicity and other reputational damage, restrictions on our ability to process information, and allegations by our counterparties that we have not performed our contractual obligations. Changes in tax laws and regulations could have an adverse impact on our operating results. We are subject to taxation in many different countries and localities worldwide. To the extent the tax laws and regulations in these various countries and localities change, our tax liability could increase. Beginning in fiscal 2023, for U.S. income tax purposes, we were required to capitalize and amortize our research and development expenses over five or fifteen years, rather than deduct them in the year incurred. In July 2025, the U.S. government enacted the One Big Beautiful Bill Act ( OBBBA ), which restores immediate expensing for domestic research and development expenses starting in the tax years beginning after December 31, 2024. The Company is subject to a corporate alternative minimum tax ( CAMT ) of 15% on adjusted financial statement income, as well as an excise tax on corporate stock repurchases under the Inflation Reduction Act ( IRA ). The IRA could have a material impact depending on various factors, including the amount and frequency of our stock repurchases and the applicability of the CAMT to the Company. In addition, we may utilize the optional election to capitalize and amortize the domestic research and development expenses for tax purposes, where applicable, and which we expect will continue to increase, our taxes payable, resulting in reduced near-term cash flows. The OBBBA contains numerous other provisions, including the permanent extension or restoration of certain expiring corporate income tax provisions, originally introduced by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, and incremental modifications to the international tax framework. Certain provisions became effective and were reflected in the Company s fiscal 2025 financial results, while others will become effective in future periods. Skyworks continues to evaluate the provisions of the OBBBA and its potential impact to the Company. Because the changes in U.S. tax law require a number of complex calculations that previously were not required, our actual tax liability may differ materially from our income tax provisions, estimates, and accruals. Changes in legal interpretations, as well as additional guidance issued under these laws, could increase income tax liabilities and/or reduce certain tax benefits. Future changes in tax laws, regulations, and treaties, or the interpretation thereof, in addition to initiatives related to the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting ( BEPS ) Project of the Organisation for Economic Co-Operation and Development ( OECD ), including Pillar One and Pillar Two; the European Commission s state aid investigations; enactment of a global corporate minimum tax; and other developments could have an adverse effect on the taxation of our business, including reducing the availability of tax credits and payment of higher income taxes. Furthermore, countries where we are subject to taxes, including the United States, are evaluating their tax policies and rules on a regular basis, and we may see significant changes in legislation and regulations concerning taxation. Our manufacturing facilities in Mexico authorized to operate as maquiladoras are subject to various restrictions and requirements, including compliance with the terms of the maquiladora program and other local regulations. Failure to comply with these regulations, ceasing to qualify for maquiladora status or other disruptions within the program would cause our manufacturing costs in Mexico to increase and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We are unable to predict what tax changes may be enacted in the future or what effect such changes would have on our business, but such changes could affect our effective tax rates in countries where we have operations and could have an adverse effect on our overall tax position in the future, along with increasing the complexity, burden, and cost of tax compliance. The Company operates under a tax holiday in Singapore and is subject to the Company s compliance with certain conditions, including maintaining certain employment and investment thresholds in Singapore. If we cannot, or elect not to, comply with the conditions for the tax holiday, we could be required to refund certain previously realized tax benefits for fiscal years 2021 through 2025, over which period we enjoyed a tax holiday that decreased our taxes by a cumulative $336.4 million, and we may lose the benefits of the tax holiday earlier than scheduled. For a discussion of the impact the tax holiday has on Singapore taxes owed by us, see Note 8 to Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We, our customers and our suppliers are subject to the risks of doing business in China. Demand from customers in China may be adversely affected by China s evolving laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, import and export tariffs and restrictions, currency controls, environmental regulations, privacy and information security, indigenous innovation, and intellectual property rights and enforcement of those rights. Enforcement of existing laws or agreements may be inconsistent, and the potential issuance of new laws and regulations creates uncertainty. In addition, changes in the political environment, economic environment, governmental policies, United States-China relations, or China-Taiwan relations could result in revisions to laws or regulations or their interpretation and enforcement, exposure of our intellectual property, increased taxation, restrictions on imports, import duties, or currency revaluations, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business plans and operating results. In particular, the imposition by the United States of new tariffs, including the tariffs announced in 2025, on goods imported from China, or deemed to be of Chinese origin, and other 18 Table of Contents government actions that restrict our ability to sell our products to Chinese customers or to manufacture or source components in China, and countermeasures imposed by China in response, including the countermeasures announced in 2025, has impacted and could continue directly or indirectly adversely impacting our manufacturing costs, the availability and cost of materials, including gallium, germanium, antimony, tungsten, molybdenum, scandium, and other rare earth metals/critical minerals, and the sales of our products in China, the United States and elsewhere. Such actions, including any threatened or actual tariffs and retaliatory measures, could also increase the prices of or negatively impact the demand for our customers products, which could negatively impact the sales of our products to those customers. In addition, the U.S. government has expanded export restrictions, and might continue expanding export restrictions, including by adding additional Chinese entities to the U.S. Bureau of Industry and Security s Entity List ( Entity List ) or other entity lists, which has limited, and could in the future further limit, our ability to sell to certain of those entities and to third parties that do business with those entities. These restrictions have negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, sales of our products. In the future, we may be prevented from shipping, or be required to obtain a license to ship, our products to certain customers if they are added to the Entity List. In addition, geopolitical changes in China-Taiwan relations could disrupt the operations of several companies in Taiwan that are suppliers to, or third-party partners of, the Company, our customers, and our customers other suppliers. Disruption of certain critical operations in, or of shipping to or from, Taiwan would adversely affect our ability to manufacture certain products and would likely have substantial negative effects on the entire semiconductor industry. Finally, China s investments in technology development and manufacturing capability in support of its stated policy of reducing its dependence on foreign semiconductor manufacturers and other technology companies has likely already resulted, and we expect will continue to result, in reduced demand for our products in China and other key markets as well as reduced supply of critical materials for our products. Risks Associated with the Development, Manufacturing, and Sale of Our Products Our operating results may be adversely affected by quarterly and annual fluctuations. Our revenues, earnings, and other operating results may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly and annual basis. These fluctuations are typically the result of a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, among others: the level of widespread deployment or adoption of commercial 5G networks, AI and other new technologies, changes in end-user demand for the products manufactured and sold by our customers, including longer replacement cycles for smartphones, the effects of competitive pricing pressures, including decreases in average selling prices of our products, the volume and mix of phones sold by our largest customer, production capacity levels and fluctuations in manufacturing yields, availability and cost of materials and services from our suppliers, the gain or loss of significant customers, or sockets with any such customers, our ability to develop, introduce, and market new products and technologies on a timely basis, market acceptance of our products and our customers products including market acceptance of, or our customers ability to incorporate, new, emerging technologies, such as AI, new product and technology introductions by competitors, delays in the adoption of standards by standard-setting bodies and delays in the commercial deployment or consumer adoption of certain technologies, actions by government regulators to restrict or delay the availability of sufficient spectrum for wireless technologies, including technologies that utilize unlicensed spectrum and/or shared spectrum, changes in consumers purchasing behaviors, including the rates at which they replace smartphones and other devices that utilize our products, changes to promotions, rebates, and discounts offered by carriers in certain geographic regions for smartphones and other devices that utilize our products, increasing industry consolidation among our competitors, changes in the mix of products produced and sold, and intellectual property disputes, including those concerning payments associated with the licensing and/or sale of intellectual property, and related remedies (e.g., monetary damages, injunctions, or exclusion orders affecting our or our customers products). We employ certain methods, assumptions, estimates, and other subjective judgments in order to apply our accounting policies and to project future performance, and such projections may be publicly disclosed from time to time. Changes to such methods, assumptions, estimates, and judgments, combined with other factors that are difficult to forecast, including the factors listed above, could materially and adversely affect our quarterly or annual operating results and could produce actual operating results that differ significantly from previous estimates and projections. If our operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, it could materially and adversely affect the price of our common stock. 19 Table of Contents We rely on a small number of customers for a large portion of our sales. Significant portions of our sales are concentrated among a limited number of customers. If we lost one or more of these major customers, if one or more major customers significantly decreased its orders for our products, or if one or more major customers delay or do not make payments in a timely manner, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted, which could adversely affect our stock price. In each of fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024, and fiscal 2023, one customer accounted for greater than ten percent of our net revenue. As of October 3, 2025, three customers represented 82 % of our aggregate gross accounts receivable. For further discussion on customer concentration, see Note 14 to Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We rely on Original Equipment Manufacturers ( OEMs ) and Original Design Manufacturers ( ODMs ) to design our products into their end products. Our products are not sold directly to the end user but are components or subsystems of other products. As a result, we rely on OEMs and ODMs of electronics products to select our products from among alternative offerings to be designed into their equipment. Without these design wins, we would have difficulty selling our products. If a manufacturer designs another supplier s product into one of its product platforms, it is more difficult for us to achieve future design wins with that platform because changing suppliers involves significant cost, time, effort, and risk on the part of that manufacturer. Also, achieving a design win with a customer does not ensure that we will receive revenue from that customer. Even after a design win, the customer is not obligated to purchase our products and can choose at any time to reduce or cease use of our products, for example, if its own products are not commercially successful, or for any other reason. In the past, we have not and do not achieve design wins on all the products, content and sockets that we compete for, and we have lost content and sockets at our customers as a result, including with our largest customer. Where we have achieved design wins in the past with customers, we have not continued to and may not continue to achieve design wins with customers in the future or may not convert such design wins into actual sales. Failure to achieve design wins or to convert design wins into sales could materially and adversely affect our operating results. Furthermore, as a result of our lengthy product development and sales cycle, we may incur significant research and development expenses, and selling, general, and administrative expenses, without generating the anticipated revenue associated with these products. Our manufacturing processes are extremely complex, specialized, and subject to disruption. Our manufacturing operations are complex and subject to disruption, including due to causes beyond our control. The fabrication of integrated circuits is an extremely complex and precise process consisting of hundreds of separate steps. It requires production in a highly controlled, clean environment. Minor impurities, contamination of the clean room environment in which our products are produced, errors in any step of the fabrication process, defects in the masks used to print circuits on a wafer, defects in equipment or materials, human error, or a number of other factors can cause a substantial percentage of our products to be rejected or to malfunction. Because our operating results are highly dependent upon our ability to produce integrated circuits at acceptable manufacturing yields, these factors could have a material and adverse effect on our business. Additionally, our operations may be affected by lengthy or recurring disruptions of operations at any of our production facilities, as well as disruptions at facilities operated by our subcontractors or customers. These disruptions may result from electrical power outages or fluctuations, water shortages, fire, earthquake, flooding, war, acts of terrorism, health advisories or risks, or other natural or man-made disasters, outages or disruptions to our information technology infrastructure, including those portions provided by third parties, as well as equipment or software maintenance, repairs, updates, and/or upgrades. Disruptions of our manufacturing operations, or those of our subcontractors and customers, could cause significant delays in shipments until we are able to shift production of the impacted products from an affected facility or subcontractor to another facility or subcontractor, or until the affected customer resumes operations and accepts shipments from us. In the event of such delays, the required alternative capacity, particularly wafer production capacity, may not be available on a timely basis or at all. Even if alternative production capacity is available, we may not be able to obtain it on favorable terms, which could result in higher costs and/or a loss of customers and revenue. Likewise, lower-than-expected demand, which has occurred from time to time, has led to, and could in the future lead to, underutilized manufacturing facilities, which could negatively impact our financial results. In addition, during periods of higher-than-expected demand, which has also occurred, we may have difficulty manufacturing a sufficient quantity of products, which could lead to our inability to meet customer needs and requirements as well as obligations under our agreements, which could negatively impact our financial results. Any such failure to meet customer demand could also result in the loss of future business opportunities, including lost design wins, which could also negatively impact our financial results. Our key facilities include, but are not limited to, our semiconductor wafer fabrication facilities in Newbury Park, California, and Woburn, Massachusetts; our SAW, TC-SAW, and BAW filter wafer processing facilities in Osaka, Japan; and our packaging, assembly and test facilities in Mexicali, Mexico, and in Singapore for filters ( Singapore Filter Manufacturing Facility ). Several of our key facilities are leased or subleased. If we are unable to renew existing leases or subleases on terms acceptable to us, we may be required to relocate our affected operations. We operate under a sublease for our Singapore Filter Manufacturing Facility that expires in July 2030. Because the owner of the site for our Singapore Filter Manufacturing Facility 20 Table of Contents has decided to redevelop it for other uses, we will need to relocate our Singapore Filter Manufacturing Facility by the end of the sublease, and we have been exploring alternative sites in other locations. Relocation will be complex and will require, among other things, the transfer of equipment and process nodes and qualification of new or transferred production lines. In addition, we announced in August 2025 that we took action aimed to optimize our U.S. factory footprint by planning for the closure of our wafer fabrication manufacturing operations in Woburn, Massachusetts and consolidating such manufacturing into Newbury Park, California. These activities or any other relocation, closure or consolidation of facilities or operations could result in disruptions to our business, including potential production interruptions or delays, quality problems, difficulties forecasting our production capabilities, challenges retaining employees or hiring new employees, and the incurrence of significant capital and other expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. In addition, we may not be able to optimize our factory footprint and achieve any financial and operational benefits from such efforts, including reducing our fixed cost base, improving utilization rates, increasing gross margins, and improving overall efficiency, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. While we maintain insurance coverage to mitigate business continuity risks, among other risks, such coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise. Due to the highly specialized nature of our manufacturing processes, in the event of a disruption in production at one or more of our facilities for any reason, alternative production capacity would not be immediately available from third-party sources. These disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We may not be able to maintain and improve manufacturing yields. Minor deviations or disturbances in the manufacturing process can cause substantial manufacturing yield loss, and in some cases, cause production to be suspended and impact our ability to meet customer demand on a timely basis. Manufacturing yields for new products initially tend to be lower as we complete product development and commence volume manufacturing, and typically increase as we bring the product to full production. Our forward product pricing includes this assumption of improving manufacturing yields and, as a result, material variances between projected and actual manufacturing yields will have a direct effect on our gross margin and profitability. The difficulty of accurately forecasting manufacturing yields and maintaining cost competitiveness through improving manufacturing yields will continue to be magnified by the increasing process complexity of manufacturing semiconductor products. Our manufacturing operations may also face pressures arising from the compression of product life cycles, which may require us to manufacture new products faster and for shorter periods while maintaining acceptable manufacturing yields and quality without, in many cases, reaching the longer-term, high-volume manufacturing conducive to higher manufacturing yields and declining costs. We are dependent upon third parties for the manufacture, assembly, and testing of our products. We rely on foundries to provide silicon-based products and to supplement our gallium arsenide wafer manufacturing capacity. There are significant risks associated with reliance on third-party foundries, including: the lack of wafer supply, potential wafer shortages, and higher wafer prices, required minimum purchase commitments, limited ability to respond to unanticipated changes in customer demand, limited control over delivery schedules, manufacturing yields, production costs, process technologies, and quality assurance, and the inaccessibility of, or delays in obtaining access to, key process technologies, materials, and IP blocks. Even in cases where we have long-term supply arrangements to obtain additional external manufacturing capacity, the third-party foundries we use for our standby manufacturing capacity may allocate their limited capacity to the production requirements of other customers and in general we have no contractual right to prevent them from making such allocations. If we choose to use a new foundry to replace either existing or backup capacity, it will typically take an extended period of time for us to complete our qualification process for that foundry, which will result in a significant passage of time before we can begin shipping products from that new foundry. Further, the third-party foundries may experience financial difficulties or changes in control, be unable to deliver products to us in a timely manner, be unwilling to invest in processes that meet our needs, or suffer damage or destruction to their facilities, particularly since some of them are located in areas prone to natural disasters or to severe weather events and other impacts of climate change. If any disruption of manufacturing capacity occurs, we may not have alternative manufacturing sources immediately available. We may therefore experience difficulties, delays, or additional costs in securing an adequate supply of our products, which could impair our ability to meet our customers needs and have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Although we own and operate assembly and test facilities, as part of our supply resilience and business continuity strategies, we still depend on subcontractors to package, assemble, and test certain of our products at cost-competitive rates. For those assembly and test subcontractors with whom we do not have long-term agreements, we typically procure services on a per- 21 Table of Contents order basis. If any of our subcontractors experiences capacity constraints or financial difficulties, suffers any damage to its facilities, experiences outages or any other disruption of assembly or testing capacity or is otherwise unable or unwilling to provide us sufficient capacity to meet our demand, we may not be able to obtain alternative assembly and testing services in a timely manner and/or at cost-competitive rates. Due to the amount of time that it usually takes to qualify assembly and test subcontractors, we could experience significant delays and/or increased costs in product shipments if we are required to find alternative assembly and test subcontractors for our components. These supply challenges have impacted, and may continue to impact, our ability to satisfy increases in demand for our products. Any problems that we may encounter with the delivery, quality, or cost of our products could damage our customer relationships and our ability to establish new customer relationships and materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. During fiscal 2022, we entered into long-term capacity reservation and supply agreements with certain third-party foundries, under which we agreed to certain minimum purchase commitments. As a result of reduced overall market demand, we recorded impairment charges during fiscal 2023 and renegotiated certain of these agreements in fiscal 2024. These long-term capacity reservation agreements may have an additional adverse effect on our operating results in the event our future supply needs are reduced below the minimum purchase expectations as a result of further reduction in overall market demand. We are dependent upon third parties for the supply of raw materials and components. Our manufacturing operations depend on obtaining adequate supplies of raw materials and components used in our manufacturing processes at a competitive cost. Although we maintain relationships with suppliers located around the world with the objective of ensuring that we have adequate sources for the supply of raw materials and components for our manufacturing needs, increases in demand from the semiconductor industry for such raw materials and components (including, but not limited to, gallium, germanium, and other critical minerals and rare earth metals), as well as increased demand for commodities in general, can result in tighter supplies and higher costs. Our suppliers may not be able to meet our delivery schedules; we may lose a significant or sole supplier; a supplier may not be able to meet performance and quality specifications; shipments of precious metals may be subject to theft; and we may not be able to purchase such supplies or materials at a competitive cost. If a supplier were unable to meet our delivery schedules, if we lost a supplier, or if a supplier were unable to meet performance or quality specifications, our ability to satisfy customer obligations would be materially and adversely affected because the time required to identify and qualify an alternative supply source, where available, is typically lengthy. In addition, we review our relationships with suppliers of raw materials and components for our manufacturing needs on an ongoing basis. In connection with our ongoing review, we may modify or terminate our relationship with one or more suppliers. We may also enter into sole supplier arrangements to meet certain of our raw material or component needs. While we do not typically rely on a single source of supply for our raw materials, we are currently dependent on a limited number of sole-source suppliers and in the future could become dependent on additional sole-source suppliers. If we were to lose these sole sources of supply, for any reason, a material adverse effect on our business could result until an alternate source is obtained. To the extent we enter into additional sole supplier arrangements for any of our raw materials or components, the risks associated with our supply arrangements would be exacerbated. Furthermore, our entry into capacity commitments in an attempt to ensure sufficient supply of raw materials and components may result in our obligation to pay above-market prices in the event of a future downward price correction. We may not be able to effectively operate our business if we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel. As the source of our technological and product innovations, our key engineering and technical personnel represent a significant asset. Our success depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel, including executive officers and other key management, sales, engineering, and technical personnel. The competition for management, sales, engineering, and technical personnel is intense in the semiconductor industry, particularly in the locations in which we operate, and therefore we may not be able to continue to attract and retain the qualified personnel necessary for the design, development, manufacture, and sale of our products. Our employees are in high demand, and our competitors and other companies may offer compensation or other opportunities in excess of what we offer. We may have particular difficulty attracting and retaining key personnel during periods of poor operating performance and/or declines in the price of our common stock, given, among other factors, the use of equity-based compensation by us and our competitors. Additionally, if we are unable to obtain required stockholder approval for future increases in the number of shares available under our long-term incentive plans, we may be limited in granting equity-based incentive awards, which may impair our efforts to attract and retain necessary personnel. Further, existing immigration laws, as well as difficulties and increased costs in obtaining visas, together with any changes to immigration policies or regulations in the United States, such as the increased cost for H-1B worker visas announced in September 2025, make it more difficult