=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-26-000014_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q2268-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 230-4867 Constance.Griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 Raji.Gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Delivers Strong Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2026 Results Revenue of $944 Million, GAAP Diluted EPS of $0.24 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.15 Secured Multi-Generational Android OEM Design Win with Expected $1 Billion+ Revenue Through 2030 Exceeded the High-End of Revenue and Non-GAAP EPS Guidance Broad Markets Delivered Double-Digit Year-over-Year Growth IRVINE, Calif., May 5, 2026 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, today reported second fiscal quarter results for the period ended April 3, 2026. Revenue for the second fiscal quarter of 2026 was $944 million. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the second fiscal quarter was $42 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.24. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $189 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.15. We delivered another strong quarter, reflecting consistent execution and improving momentum across our portfolio, said Phil Brace, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. Mobile outperformed expectations on healthy demand, while Broad Markets continues to accelerate, delivering double-digit year-over-year growth driven by Wi-Fi, data center, and automotive. Second Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Secured a significant, multi-generational design win with a leading Android OEM, expected to generate over $1 billion in revenue through 2030 Wi-Fi 7 momentum across enterprise access points and home connectivity platforms with marquee OEM partners Secured in-vehicle infotainment engagements with BYD and a leading German Tier-1 supplier Broadened timing solutions portfolio with next-generation clock buffers targeting data center, wireless infrastructure, and emerging PCIe Gen 7 applications Advanced 6G innovation leadership with the debut of a FR3 frequency range RF front-end (RFFE) power amplifier at Mobile World Congress 2026 Third Fiscal Quarter 2026 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the June quarter, we anticipate revenue of $900 million to $950 million, with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.03 at the mid-point of the revenue range, said Philip Carter, chief financial officer and senior vice president of Skyworks. We expect Mobile to follow typical seasonal patterns, declining low-single digits sequentially, while Broad Markets is expected to grow modestly sequentially, representing approximately 43% of sales, and up high-single-digits year-over-year. Dividend Payment Skyworks board of directors also declared a cash dividend on the Company s common stock of $0.71 per share. The dividend is payable on June 16, 2026, to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 26, 2026. Skyworks Second Quarter 2026 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its second quarter fiscal 2026 results and business outlook on May 5, 2026, at 4 30 p.m. EDT. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. EDT on May 5, 2026. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. We are a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, including aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearables. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, including with respect to future sales and revenue, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the risks of doing business internationally, including from trade war or trade protection measures (e.g., tariffs, retaliatory tariffs and other countermeasures or taxes), increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to obtain foreign-sourced raw materials, including from Chinese-based sources, as well as our ability to sell products to certain specified foreign entities only pursuant to a limited export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce), the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles or changes in economic conditions, including inflation and recession that could result from trade war or trade protection me

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-26-000005_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q1268-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 230-4867 Constance.Griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 Raji.Gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Delivers Strong Q1 FY26 Performance Driven by Mobile and Broad Markets Revenue of $1.035 Billion GAAP Diluted EPS of $0.53 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.54 Operating Cash Flow of $396 Million and Free Cash Flow of $339 Million IRVINE, Calif., Feb. 3, 2026 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, today reported first fiscal quarter results for the period ended Jan. 2, 2026. Revenue for the first fiscal quarter of 2026 was $1.035 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the first fiscal quarter was $104 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.53. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $252 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.54. We delivered results above our expectations for the fourth consecutive quarter, with outperformance across revenue, gross margin, and non-GAAP earnings, said Phil Brace, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. Mobile exceeded our outlook on the strength of continued healthy sell-through and solid operational execution, while Broad Markets continued to scale with accelerating growth led by Wi-Fi 7 and data center and cloud infrastructure programs. First Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Advanced Wi-Fi 7 design wins supporting enterprise access points, networking, and home connectivity platforms with customers including Comcast, Verizon, TP-Link, and others Expanded automotive connectivity programs, broadening in-vehicle infotainment and 5G module deployments with Volkswagen, BYD, and other leading OEMs Strengthened our 5G position in premium Android smartphones, including Samsung s Galaxy S26 and others Announced the industry s first highly integrated Wi-SUN LoRaWAN RF front-end modules (FEM) for smart home and smart city applications Unveiled next-generation isolation solutions for high-voltage AI server power supplies and advanced EV architectures Second Fiscal Quarter 2026 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the March quarter, we anticipate revenue of $875 million to $925 million, with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.04 at the mid-point of the revenue range, said Philip Carter, chief financial officer and senior vice president of Skyworks. We anticipate Mobile to decline approximately 20% sequentially, consistent with historical seasonality. We expect Broad Markets to be approximately flat sequentially, representing 44% of sales, and up high-single-digits year-over-year. Dividend Payment Skyworks board of directors also declared a cash dividend on the Company s common stock of $0.71 per share. The dividend is payable on Mar. 17, 2026, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Feb. 24, 2026. Skyworks First Quarter 2026 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its first quarter fiscal 2026 results and business outlook on Feb. 3, 2026, at 4 30 p.m. EST. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. EST on Feb. 3, 2026. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. We are a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, including aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearables. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the risks of doing business internationally, including from trade war or trade protection measures (e.g., tariffs, retaliatory tariffs and other countermeasures or taxes), increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to obtain foreign-sourced raw materials, including from Chinese-based sources, as well as our ability to sell products to certain specified foreign entities only pursuant to a limited export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce), the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles or changes in economic conditions, including inflation and recession that could result from trade war or trade protection measures our reliance on a small number of key customer

=== [ER] edgar_0001104659-25-102814_991.htm ===
false 0000004127 false 0000004127 2025-10-28 2025-10-28 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): October 28, 2025 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-05560 04-2302115 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 5260 California Avenue Irvine , California 92617 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ( 949 ) 231-3000 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: x Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.25 per share SWKS Nasdaq Global Select Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. The information contained in this Item 2.02 and in the exhibit attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. On October 28, 2025, Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (the Registrant ), issued a press release in which it announced preliminary fourth fiscal quarter and fiscal year-end results for the period ended October 3, 2025. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. Item 8.01 Other Events. On October 28, 2025, the Registrant announced that its board of directors had declared a cash dividend on the Registrant s common stock of $0.71 per share, payable on December 9, 2025, to its stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 18, 2025. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 99.1 Registrant s Press Release dated October 28, 2025 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibit 101) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Skyworks Solutions, Inc. October 28, 2025 By: /s/ Philip Carter Name: Philip Carter Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-25-000082_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q425earningsreleaseformex9.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 230-4867 Constance.Griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 Raji.Gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Reports Q4 and Full Year FY25 Results Delivers Q4 Revenue of $1.10 Billion Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $0.94 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.76 Generates Annual Operating Cash Flow of $1.30 Billion and Annual Free Cash Flow of $1.11 Billion IRVINE, Calif., Nov. 4, 2025 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, today reported fourth fiscal quarter and fiscal-year end results for the period ended Oct. 3, 2025. Revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2025 was $1.10 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the fourth fiscal quarter was $111 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.94. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $264 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.76. This was our third straight quarter of strong execution, with revenue and non-GAAP EPS both exceeding expectations, said Phil Brace, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. In Mobile, underlying demand trends remain solid, supported by healthy sell-through and new product launches. Looking ahead, we expect rising AI-driven data traffic to drive greater RF complexity, an area where Skyworks is well positioned. Broad markets growth was led by Wi-Fi 7 adoption, strong automotive sales, and product ramps in data center and cloud infrastructure. Fourth Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Secured 5G content across premium Android smartphones, including Google Pixel 10, Samsung Galaxy S25, and others Expanded in-vehicle infotainment programs with BYD, Stellantis, and a leading Korean OEM Broadened Wi-Fi 7 programs across enterprise, networking, and home connectivity platforms Announced ultra-low jitter clock buffers for high-speed Ethernet and PCIe Gen 7 connectivity, enabling AI, cloud computing, and 5G 6G network applications First Fiscal Quarter 2026 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the December quarter, we anticipate revenue of $975 million to $1,025 million, with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.40 at the mid-point of the revenue range, said Phil Carter, chief financial officer and senior vice president of Skyworks. We anticipate Mobile to decline low- to mid-teens sequentially. We expect Broad Markets to be up slightly in the first quarter, representing 39% of sales, and up mid- to high-single digits year-over-year. Dividend Payment As the Company disclosed on Oct. 28, 2025, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on the Company s common stock of $0.71 per share. The dividend is payable on Dec. 9, 2025, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Nov. 18, 2025. Skyworks Fourth Quarter 2025 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its fourth quarter fiscal 2025 results and business outlook on Nov. 4, 2025, at 4 30 p.m. EST. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. EST on Nov. 4, 2025. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. We are a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, including aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearables. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the risks of doing business internationally, including from trade war or trade protection measures (e.g., tariffs, retaliatory tariffs and other countermeasures or taxes), increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to obtain foreign-sourced raw materials, including from Chinese-based sources, as well as our ability to sell products to certain specified foreign entities only pursuant to a limited export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce), the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles or changes in economic conditions, including inflation and recession that could result from trade war or trade protection measures our reliance on a small number of key customers for a large percentage of our sales decreased gross margins and loss of market share as a re

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-25-000072_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q3258-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 230-4867 Constance.Griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 Raji.Gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Reports Q3 Fiscal 2025 Results Delivers Revenue of $965 Million Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $0.70 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.33 Generates YTD Operating Cash Flow of $1.1 Billion and Free Cash Flow of $962 Million Increases Quarterly Dividend by 1% to $0.71 Per Share Initiates Consolidation of Woburn Facility into Newbury Park as Part of Long-Term Manufacturing Optimization Efforts IRVINE, Calif., Aug. 5, 2025 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, today reported results for the fiscal quarter ended June 27, 2025. Revenue for the third fiscal quarter of 2025 was $965 million. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the third fiscal quarter was $111 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.70. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $224 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.33. Skyworks delivered another strong quarter, with revenue up 7% year-over-year and both gross margin and non-GAAP EPS exceeding the high-end of our guidance, said Phil Brace, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. We re encouraged by the momentum in Mobile and steady strength across our Broad Markets, driven by long-term growth trends in edge IoT, automotive and data center. Third Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Secured 5G content across premium Android smartphones, including a flagship model from Samsung Galaxy Captured new automotive programs with global OEMs such as BYD, Ford, Geely, and Nissan, spanning 5G telematics and in-vehicle infotainment systems Expanded momentum in Wi-Fi 7 with increased design activity across cable, retail, and enterprise access points Unveiled industry s first single-chip ultra-low jitter clocks supporting simultaneous Ethernet and PCI Express outputs for AI data center applications Fourth Fiscal Quarter 2025 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the September quarter, we anticipate revenue of $1.00 billion to $1.03 billion, with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.40 at the mid-point of the revenue range, said Rob Schriesheim, interim chief financial officer of Skyworks. Mobile remains healthy, with solid order patterns and projected sequential growth of mid-single digits. Broad Markets is on track for another quarter of sequential growth and accelerating year-over-year performance. Dividend Increase and Payment Skyworks board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.71 per share of the Company s common stock, representing a 1% increase from the prior quarterly dividend of $0.70 per share. The dividend is payable on Sept. 16, 2025, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Aug. 26, 2025. Skyworks Third Quarter 2025 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its third quarter fiscal 2025 results and business outlook on Aug. 5, 2025, at 4 30 p.m. EDT. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. EDT on Aug. 5, 2025. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. We are a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, including aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearables. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the risks of doing business internationally, including from trade war or trade protection measures (e.g., tariffs, retaliatory tariffs and other countermeasures or taxes), increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to obtain foreign-sourced raw materials, including from Chinese-based sources, as well as our ability to sell products to certain specified foreign entities only pursuant to a limited export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce), the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles or changes in economic conditions, including inflation and recession that could result from trade war or trade protection measures our reliance on a small number of key customers for a large percentage of o

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-25-000038_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q2258-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 230-4867 Constance.Griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 Raji.Gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Reports Q2 Fiscal 2025 Results Delivers Revenue of $953 Million Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $0.43 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.24 Generates Operating Cash Flow of $410 Million (43% Operating Cash Flow Margin) and Free Cash Flow of $371 Million (39% Free Cash Flow Margin) IRVINE, Calif., May 7, 2025 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, today reported results for the fiscal quarter ended Mar. 28, 2025. Revenue for the second fiscal quarter of 2025 was $953 million. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the second fiscal quarter was $97 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.43. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $222 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.24. Skyworks delivered solid results this quarter, underscored by our diversified product portfolio, disciplined execution, and strategic engagements with customers, said Phil Brace, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. Leveraging our strong free cash flow generation, we returned over $600 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends representing the highest quarterly return ever. Despite recent market volatility, we remain focused on executing our strategy and supporting our customers across a broad set of markets. Second Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Secured 5G design wins across premium Android smartphones, including flagship models from Samsung Galaxy, Google Pixel, and Oppo Achieved key design wins for in-vehicle infotainment systems with a major Japanese automotive OEM and a leading European automaker Expanded Wi-Fi 7 traction with increased design wins across enterprise access points, consumer routers, and home mesh networks Third Fiscal Quarter 2025 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the June quarter, we anticipate revenue of $920 million to $960 million, with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.24 at the mid-point of the revenue range, said Kris Sennesael, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Skyworks. We expect our mobile business to decline low single digits sequentially, generally consistent with typical seasonal patterns. We remain encouraged by ongoing momentum in our Broad Markets that is on track for another quarter of sequential growth and improving year-over-year trends. Dividend Payment Skyworks board of directors also declared a cash dividend of $0.70 per share of the Company s common stock. The dividend is payable on Jun. 17, 2025, to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 27, 2025. Skyworks Second Quarter 2025 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its second quarter fiscal 2025 results and business outlook on May 7, 2025, at 4 30 p.m. EDT. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. EDT on May 7, 2025. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call. About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. We are a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, including aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearables. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments and stock repurchases). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the risks of doing business internationally, including from trade war or trade protection measures (e.g., tariffs, retaliatory tariffs and other countermeasures or taxes), increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to obtain foreign-sourced raw materials, including from Chinese-based sources, as well as our ability to sell products to certain specified foreign entities only pursuant to a limited export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce), the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles or changes in economic conditions, including inflation and recession that could result from trade war or trade protection measures our reliance on a small number of key customers for a large percentage of our sales decreased gross margins and loss of market share as a result of

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-25-000009_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q1258-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 230-4867 Constance.Griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 Raji.Gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Reports Q1 Fiscal 2025 Results Delivers Revenue of $1.068 Billion Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.00 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.60 Generates Operating Cash Flow of $377 Million (35% Operating Cash Flow Margin) and Free Cash Flow of $338 Million (32% Free Cash Flow Margin) IRVINE, Calif., Feb. 5, 2025 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, today reported results for the fiscal quarter ended Dec. 27, 2024. Revenue for the first fiscal quarter of 2025 was $1.068 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the first fiscal quarter was $181 million with diluted earnings per share of $1.00. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $285 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.60. Skyworks started the new fiscal year with solid results, growing revenue 4% sequentially and surpassing the midpoint of our guidance, said Liam K. Griffin, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. We have observed consistent improvement in demand indicators within Broad Markets, while we have successfully supported multiple new product launches in Mobile. Furthermore, we posted another quarter of impressive free cash flow with margins exceeding 30%. First Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Secured 5G content for premium Android smartphones for Samsung Galaxy, Xiaomi, and Asus Supported Gemtek s launch of the first AI router with voice-enabled AI-Powered healthcare service Enabled Asus s award-winning, quad-band Wi-Fi 7 gaming routers Expanded our design win pipeline in automotive with cellular connectivity and power management solutions Second Fiscal Quarter 2025 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the March quarter, we expect revenue between $935 million to $965 million, with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.20 at the mid-point of the revenue range, said Kris Sennesael, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Skyworks. We anticipate a mid-to-high teens sequential decline in mobile, consistent with historical seasonal patterns. In broad markets, we expect additional sequential and year-over-year growth. In addition, our board of directors has approved a new $2 billion stock repurchase program as part of our disciplined capital allocation strategy. Stock Repurchase Program Skyworks board of directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $2 billion of the Company s common stock from time to time through Feb. 3, 2027, on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, in compliance with applicable securities laws and other legal requirements. This newly authorized stock repurchase program succeeds in its entirety the stock repurchase program that was approved by the board of directors on Jan. 31, 2023. The timing and amount of any shares of the Company s common stock that are repurchased under the new repurchase program will be determined by the Company s management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The Company currently expects to fund the repurchase program using the Company s working capital. As of Dec. 27, 2024, the Company had cash and marketable securities of approximately $1.75 billion. Dividend Payment Skyworks board of directors also declared a cash dividend of $0.70 per share of the Company s common stock. The dividend is payable on Mar. 17, 2025, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Feb. 24, 2025. Skyworks First Quarter 2025 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its first quarter fiscal 2025 results and business outlook on Feb. 5, 2025, at 4 30 p.m. EST. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. EST on Feb. 5, 2025. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. We are a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, including aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearables. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments and stock repurchases). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other impor

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-24-000100_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q424earningsreleaseformex9.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 231-4207 Constance.Griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 Raji.Gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Reports Q4 and Full Year FY24 Results Delivers Revenue of $1.025 Billion Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $0.37 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.55 Generates Annual Operating Cash Flow of $1.825 Billion (44% Operating Cash Flow Margin) and Free Cash Flow of $1.668 Billion (40% Free Cash Flow Margin) IRVINE, Calif., Nov. 12, 2024 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, today reported fourth fiscal quarter and fiscal year-end results for the period ended Sept. 27, 2024. Revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2024 was $1.025 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the fourth fiscal quarter was $59 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.37. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $273 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.55. Skyworks fourth fiscal quarter revenue grew 13% sequentially, above the midpoint of our guidance, said Liam K. Griffin, chairman, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. For the second year in a row, we generated over $1.6 billion of free cash flow and ended fiscal 2024 with a record 40% free cash flow margin. Looking ahead, we believe AI is poised to ignite a transformative smartphone upgrade cycle, propelling the demand for higher levels of RF complexity. We are in the early stages of this multi-year trend and Skyworks is well-positioned to capitalize on it. Fourth Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Secured 5G content for premium Android smartphones including Google Pixel 9, Samsung Galaxy, Oppo OnePlus, and several others Expanded our Wi-Fi 7 design wins with Linksys, Charter, NETGEAR, CommScope, and TP-Link Powered advanced audio solutions for wireless gaming and clinical-grade hearing aids Increased design win momentum in automotive including 5G front-end modules, infotainment, and digital isolators, across the leading OEMs First Fiscal Quarter 2025 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the December quarter, we expect revenue to be $1.05 billion to $1.08 billion with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.57 at the mid-point of the revenue range, said Kris Sennesael, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Skyworks. We expect our mobile business to be up mid-single digits sequentially, driven by seasonal product ramps. In broad markets, despite excess inventory in select segments, we anticipate further modest sequential growth, and a return to year-over-year growth. Dividend Payment Skyworks board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.70 per share of the Company s common stock. The dividend is payable on Dec. 24, 2024, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Dec. 3, 2024. Skyworks Fourth Quarter 2024 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its fourth quarter fiscal 2024 results and business outlook on Nov. 12, 2024, at 4 30 p.m. ET. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. ET on Nov. 12, 2024. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. We are a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, including aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearables. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles or changes in economic conditions, including inflation and recession our reliance on a small number of key customers for a large percentage of our sales decreased gross margins and loss of market share as a result of increased competition our ability to obtain design wins from customers market acceptance of our products and our customers products, including market acceptance of new, emerging technologies such as AI the risks of doing business internationally, including increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to sell products to certain specified foreign entities only pursuant to a limited export license from the U.S. Department of

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-24-000068_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q3248-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 231-4207 Constance.Griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 Raji.Gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Reports Q3 FY24 Results Delivers Revenue of $906 Million Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $0.75 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.21 Year-to-Date Operating Cash Flow of $1.35 Billion and Free Cash Flow of $1.27 Billion 43% Operating Cash Flow Margin and 40% Free Cash Flow Margin Increases Quarterly Dividend by 3% to $0.70 Per Share IRVINE, Calif., Jul. 30, 2024 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), an innovator of high-performance analog and mixed-signal semiconductors connecting people, places and things, today reported third fiscal quarter results for the period ended June 28, 2024. Revenue for the third fiscal quarter of 2024 was $906 million. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the third fiscal quarter was $130 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.75. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $219 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.21. Skyworks generated solid results and strong profitability consistent with our guidance, said Liam K. Griffin, chairman, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. Exiting the June quarter, our mobile business is ramping up while our broad markets business continues to recover. Over the medium-to-long-term, we expect generative AI applications will migrate to the edge, including the smartphone, driving a meaningful replacement cycle and leading to higher levels of RF complexity. Third Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Secured 5G content for premium Android smartphones including Google Pixel 8a, Samsung Galaxy M, Oppo Reno12 and several others Supported the launches of Wi-Fi 7 tri-band routers and access points with NETGEAR, TP-Link and Cambium Networks Accelerated our design win pipeline in automotive, including telematics, infotainment and CV2X Fourth Fiscal Quarter 2024 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the September quarter, we expect revenue to be $1.00 billion to $1.04 billion with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.52 at the mid-point of the revenue range, said Kris Sennesael, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Skyworks. We expect our mobile business to be up approximately 20% sequentially, as demand and supply patterns appear to be normalizing. In broad markets, we expect modest improvement, representing three consecutive quarters of sequential growth. In addition, given our solid capital structure and strong year-to-date cash flow generation, we are announcing another increase to our quarterly dividend. Dividend Increase and Payment Skyworks board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.70 per share of the Company s common stock, representing a 3% increase from the prior quarterly dividend of $0.68 per share. The dividend is payable on Sept. 10, 2024, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Aug. 20, 2024. Skyworks Third Quarter 2024 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its third quarter fiscal 2024 results and business outlook on July 30, 2024, at 4 30 p.m. EDT. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. EDT on July 30, 2024. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. Our highly innovative analog and mixed-signal semiconductors are connecting people, places and things spanning a number of new and previously unimagined applications within the aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearable markets. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles or changes in economic conditions, including inflation and recession our reliance on a small number of key customers for a large percentage of our sales the availability and pricing of third-party semiconductor foundry, assembly and test capacity, raw materials, including rare earth and similar minerals, supplier components, equipment and shipping and logistics services, including limits on our customers ability to obtain such services and materials the risks of doing business internationally, including increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to sell products to certain sp

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-24-000018_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q2248-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 231-4207 constance.griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 raji.gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Reports Q2 FY24 Results Delivers Revenue of $1.046 Billion Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.14 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.55 Generates Quarterly Operating Cash Flow of $300 Million and Quarterly Free Cash Flow of $273 Million IRVINE, Calif., Apr. 30, 2024 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), an innovator of high-performance analog and mixed-signal semiconductors connecting people, places and things, today reported second fiscal quarter results for the period ended March 29, 2024. Revenue for the second fiscal quarter of 2024 was $1.046 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the second fiscal quarter was $189.2 million with diluted earnings per share of $1.14. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $279.1 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.55. Skyworks delivered solid results and strong cash generation in a challenging macroeconomic environment, said Liam K. Griffin, chairman, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. During the March quarter, in our mobile business, we saw below normal seasonal trends, with lower-than-expected end market demand. Over the long-term, we intend to leverage our connectivity technology across edge-connected IoT devices, automotive electrification and advanced safety systems, and AI infrastructure. Second Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Delivered integrated platforms to the leading 5G smartphone OEMs, including flagship and mid-tier launches at Samsung, Google, and Oppo Expanded our design win pipeline and initiated new programs in automotive, including infotainment systems, traction inverters, cloud-enhanced driver-assist and CV2X on-board units Secured several audio SoC design wins for wireless gaming and soundbars with PlayStation and Samsung Third Fiscal Quarter 2024 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the June quarter, we expect revenue to be $900 million, plus or minus 2%, said Kris Sennesael, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Skyworks. At the mid-point of the revenue range, we anticipate non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.21. We expect our mobile business to be down sequentially, below normal seasonal patterns, as excess inventory clears. In broad markets, we anticipate further modest growth as inventory levels appear to be normalizing in certain end markets. Dividend Payment Skyworks board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.68 per share of the Company s common stock, payable on June 11, 2024, to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 21, 2024. Skyworks Second Quarter 2024 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its second quarter fiscal 2024 results and business outlook on April 30, 2024, at 4 30 p.m. EDT. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. EDT on April 30, 2024. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. Our highly innovative analog and mixed-signal semiconductors are connecting people, places and things spanning a number of new and previously unimagined applications within the aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearable markets. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com . Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations, and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles, including a rise in inflation and the current heightened risk of recession our reliance on a small number of key customers for a large percentage of our sales the availability and pricing of third-party semiconductor foundry, assembly and test capacity, raw materials, including rare earth and similar minerals, supplier components, equipment and shipping and logistics services, including limits on our customers ability to obtain such services and materials the risks of doing business internationally, including increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to sell products to certain specified foreign entities only pursuant to a limited export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce or our ability to obtain foreign-sourced raw materials), imposition of trade protection measures (e.g., tariffs or taxes), security and h

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-24-000004_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q1248-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 231-4207 constance.griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 raji.gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Reports Q1 FY24 Results Delivers Revenue of $1.202 Billion Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.44 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.97 Generates Record Operating Cash Flow of $775 Million and Record Free Cash Flow of $753 Million IRVINE, Calif., Jan. 30, 2024 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), an innovator of high-performance analog and mixed-signal semiconductors connecting people, places and things, today reported first fiscal quarter results for the period ended Dec. 29, 2023. Revenue for the first fiscal quarter of 2024 was $1.202 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the first fiscal quarter was $258.3 million with diluted earnings per share of $1.44. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $365.7 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.97. Skyworks continues to execute well and generate robust profitability in light of ongoing macroeconomic volatility, said Liam K. Griffin, chairman, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. We delivered record quarterly free cash flow of $753 million, which reflects strong working capital management and moderating capex intensity. We are seeing signs that the Android smartphone market is recovering. In broad markets, we are well positioned for long-term growth in edge-connected IoT devices, automotive electrification and advanced safety systems, and AI-enabled workloads driving cloud and data center upgrades. First Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Secured several design wins in infrastructure, including optical transport products with a major operator in India and timing devices for 5G small cells for private networks Expanded Wi-Fi design win pipeline with Cisco s enterprise access point, Linksys tri-band mesh router, and TP-Link s tri-band gaming router Delivered next-generation smart energy solutions with Google s Nest temperature sensor and Itron s residential gas meter Increased design win momentum in automotive including telematics, infotainment systems, and on-board chargers across the leading OEMs Second Fiscal Quarter 2024 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. We expect revenue to be $1.02 to $1.07 billion in the March quarter, said Kris Sennesael, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Skyworks. At the mid-point of the revenue range, we anticipate non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.52. We expect our mobile business to be seasonally down sequentially, consistent with historical patterns, while in broad markets, we anticipate modest growth off the December quarter. Dividend Payment Skyworks board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.68 per share of the Company s common stock, payable on March 12, 2024, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Feb. 20, 2024. Skyworks First Quarter 2024 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its first quarter fiscal 2024 results and business outlook on Jan. 30, 2024, at 4 30 p.m. ET. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. ET on Jan. 30, 2024. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. Our highly innovative analog and mixed-signal semiconductors are connecting people, places and things spanning a number of new and previously unimagined applications within the aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearable markets. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations, and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles, including a rise in inflation and the current heightened risk of recession our reliance on a small number of key customers for a large percentage of our sales the availability and pricing of third-party semiconductor foundry, assembly and test capacity, raw materials, including rare earth and similar minerals, supplier components, equipment and shipping and logistics services, including limits on our customers ability to obtain such services and materials the risks of doing business internationally, including increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to sell products to certain specified foreign entities only pursuant to a lim

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-23-000027_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q4238-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 231-4207 Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 231-3223 Skyworks Reports Q4 and Full Year FY23 Results Delivers Revenue of $1.219 Billion Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.52 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $2.20 Generates Annual Operating Cash Flow of $1.856 Billion, Up 30% Year-Over-Year, and Free Cash Flow of $1.646 Billion, Up 76% Year-Over-Year IRVINE, Calif., Nov. 2, 2023 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), an innovator of high-performance analog and mixed signal semiconductors connecting people, places and things, today reported fourth fiscal quarter and fiscal year-end results for the period ended Sept. 29, 2023. Revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2023 was $1.219 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the fourth fiscal quarter was $254.0 million with diluted earnings per share of $1.52. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $397.9 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.20. Skyworks delivered solid results despite macroeconomic headwinds reflecting our resilient business model and operational excellence, said Liam K. Griffin, chairman, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. We generated record free cash flow well above $1.6 billion for fiscal 2023, increasing 76% year-over-year. In light of the cycle volatility, we continue to make strategic investments in growth areas, expanding our customer base and diversifying the reach of our business. Fourth Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Secured 5G content for premium Android smartphones including Google Pixel 8, Samsung Galaxy S23 FE and several models in the VOX ecosystem Accelerated design wins in Wi-Fi, including NETGEAR s Wi-Fi 7 mesh system, Linksys Velop Pro 6E tri-band mesh router and TP-Link s quad-band Wi-Fi 7 router Powered tri-band Wi-Fi 6E enterprise access point for multi-dwelling units with Ruckus Enabled next-generation smart meters with Trilliant and environmental monitors with Samsara Achieved design wins for onboard chargers, battery management systems and in-vehicle infotainment systems across leading automotive OEMs First Fiscal Quarter 2024 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. We expect revenue to be $1.175 to $1.225 billion in the December quarter, said Kris Sennesael, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Skyworks. At the mid-point of the revenue range, we anticipate non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.95. We expect our mobile business to demonstrate momentum, while in broad markets we expect to continue to digest excess inventory in select segments, affecting our revenue outlook. Dividend Payment Skyworks board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.68 per share of the Company s common stock, payable on Dec. 12, 2023, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Nov. 21, 2023. Skyworks Fourth Quarter 2023 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its fourth quarter fiscal 2023 results and business outlook on Nov. 2, 2023, at 4 30 p.m. EDT. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. EDT on Nov. 2, 2023. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. Our highly innovative analog and mixed signal semiconductors are connecting people, places and things spanning a number of new and previously unimagined applications within the aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearable markets. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future results and expectations of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles, including a rise in inflation and the current heightened risk of recession our reliance on a small number of key customers for a large percentage of our sales the availability and pricing of third-party semiconductor foundry, assembly and test capacity, raw materials, including rare earth and similar minerals, supplier components, equipment and shipping and logistics services, including limits on our customers ability to obtain such services and materials the risks of doing business internationally, including increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to sell products to certain specified foreign entities only pursuant to a limited export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce or our ability to obtain foreign-sou

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-23-000024_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q3238-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 231-4207 Investor Relations Kris Sennesael (949) 231-4247 Skyworks Reports Q3 FY23 Results Delivers Revenue of $1.071 Billion Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.22 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.73 Generates Quarterly Operating Cash Flow of $305.7 Million and Record Year-to-Date Operating Cash Flow of $1.491 Billion Guides to Double-Digit Sequential Revenue and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS Growth in Q4 FY23 Increases Quarterly Dividend by 10% to $0.68 Per Share IRVINE, Calif., Aug. 7, 2023 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), an innovator of high-performance analog and mixed signal semiconductors connecting people, places and things, today reported third fiscal quarter results for the period ended June 30, 2023. Revenue for the third fiscal quarter of 2023 was $1.071 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the third fiscal quarter was $230.7 million with diluted earnings per share of $1.22. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $326.6 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.73. Skyworks resilient business model and disciplined execution enabled us to deliver record operating and free cash flow for the first three quarters of the fiscal year, said Liam K. Griffin, chairman, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. Our targeted investments in next-generation technologies are generating solid momentum going into the second half of calendar year 2023. Third Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Secured 5G content for Android smartphones across all tiers with Google, Samsung, Oppo, Vivo and Xiaomi Delivered Sky5 platforms for leading North American carriers 5G customer premise equipment Supported the launches of Wi-Fi 7 tri-band routers with NETGEAR and TP-Link Powered Bell s Wi-Fi 6E Giga Hub home gateway Provided 5 GHz cognitive wireless audio system on chip solutions supporting Samsung Q-Symphony soundbars Enabled 5G small cell deployments with a top North American operator Ramped timing solutions for AI data centers at a leading cloud provider Captured designs for telematics applications at domestic and China-based OEMs Leveraged our expanding power isolation portfolio with a leading EV supplier Fourth Fiscal Quarter 2023 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. We expect double-digit sequential revenue and earnings growth in the September quarter, said Kris Sennesael, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Skyworks. Specifically, in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2023, we anticipate revenue to be between $1.190 billion and $1.240 billion with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.10 at the midpoint of our revenue range, representing sequential revenue and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share growth of 13% and 21%, respectively. In addition, given our conviction in Skyworks business outlook and strong cash flow generation, we are announcing another substantial increase to our quarterly dividend. Dividend Increase and Payment Skyworks board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.68 per share of the Company s common stock, representing a 10% increase from the prior quarterly dividend of $0.62 per share. The dividend is payable on Sept. 19, 2023, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Aug. 29, 2023. Skyworks Third Quarter 2023 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its third quarter fiscal 2023 results and business outlook today at 4 30 p.m. EDT. To listen to the conference call via the Internet, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website. To listen to the conference call via telephone, please call (888) 259-6580 (North America) or (416) 764-8624 (international), Conference ID 68796788. Playback of the conference call will begin at 9 p.m. EDT on Aug. 7, 2023, and end at 9 p.m. EDT on Aug. 14, 2023. The replay will be available on Skyworks website or by calling (877) 674-7070 (North America) or (416) 764-8692 (international), Conference ID 796788. About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. Our highly innovative analog and mixed signal semiconductors are connecting people, places and things spanning a number of new and previously unimagined applications within the aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearable markets. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future results and expectations of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles, including a rise in inflation and the current heightened risk of recession our reliance on a small number of key customers for a large percentage of our sales the availability and pricing of third-party semiconductor foundry, assembly and test capacity

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-23-000014_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q2238-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 231-4207 Investor Relations Mitch Haws (949) 231-3223 Skyworks Reports Q2 FY23 Results Delivers Revenue of $1.153 Billion Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.46 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $2.02 Generates Quarterly Operating Cash Flow of $411.7 Million IRVINE, Calif., May 8, 2023 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), an innovator of high-performance analog and mixed signal semiconductors connecting people, places and things, today reported second fiscal quarter results for the period ended March 31, 2023. Revenue for the second fiscal quarter of 2023 was $1.153 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the second fiscal quarter was $273.3 million with diluted earnings per share of $1.46. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $386.1 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.02. Despite a challenging macro backdrop, the fundamentals of our business remained strong in the second quarter with solid profitability and robust cash generation, said Liam K. Griffin, chairman, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. At a higher level, we are driving operational efficiency while leveraging our leading-edge technologies and world-class manufacturing capabilities to capture new opportunities across an expanding set of customers. Second Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Delivered Sky5 platforms supporting Samsung s premium and mass tier smartphone launches Enabled enhanced Power-over-Ethernet functionality with Cisco for enterprise networks Launched tri-band, Wi-Fi 6E and Wi-Fi 7 gateways for CommScope and ASUS Secured 5G platforms with a market leader in mobile computing Shipped programmable timing solutions to the top U.S. satellite provider Enabled small cell infrastructure deployments with a Japanese telecommunications company Leveraged our expanding industrial product suite with a top smart meter company Captured EV on-board charging content with a top European automotive supplier Ramped key automotive digital radio products with a leading Korean automotive OEM Third Fiscal Quarter 2023 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this press release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. Looking ahead to our third fiscal quarter of 2023, we anticipate revenue to be between $1.050 billion and $1.090 billion with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.67 at the midpoint of our revenue range, said Kris Sennesael, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Skyworks. Dividend Payment Skyworks board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.62 per share of the Company s common stock, payable on June 20, 2023, to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 30, 2023. Skyworks Second Quarter 2023 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its second quarter fiscal year 2023 results and business outlook today at 4 30 p.m. EDT. To listen to the conference call via the internet, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website. To listen to the conference call via telephone, please call (888) 886-7786 (domestic) or (416) 764-8658 (international), Conference ID 13999857. Playback of the conference call will begin at 9 p.m. EDT on May 8, 2023, and end at 9 p.m. EDT on May 15, 2023. The replay will be available on Skyworks website or by calling (877) 674-7070 (North America) or (416) 764-8692 (international), Conference ID 999857. About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. Our highly innovative analog and mixed signal semiconductors are connecting people, places and things spanning a number of new and previously unimagined applications within the aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearable markets. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This news release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future results and expectations of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles, including a sustained or higher level of inflation and the current heightened risk of recession our reliance on a small number of key customers for a large percentage of our sales the availability and pricing of third-party semiconductor foundry, assembly and test capacity, raw materials, supplier components, equipment and shipping and logistics services, including limits on our customers ability to obtain such services and materials the risks of doing business internationally, including increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to sell products to certain specified foreign entities only pursuant to a limited export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce), imposition of trade protection measures (e.g., tariffs or taxes), security and health risks, possible disruptions in transportation networks, fluctuations in foreign currency exchan

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-23-000008_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q1238-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 231-4207 Investor Relations Mitch Haws (949) 231-3223 Skyworks Reports Q1 FY23 Results Delivers Revenue of $1.329 Billion Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.93 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $2.59 Generates Record Quarterly Operating Cash Flow of $773.4 Million Returns $265.6 Million to Stockholders Through Dividends and Share Repurchases IRVINE, Calif., Feb. 6, 2023 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), an innovator of high-performance analog and mixed signal semiconductors connecting people, places and things, today reported first fiscal quarter results for the period ended Dec. 30, 2022. Revenue for the first fiscal quarter of 2023 was $1.329 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the first fiscal quarter was $367.0 million with diluted earnings per share of $1.93. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $491.3 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.59. Skyworks delivered solid first quarter results, leveraging our increasingly diverse portfolio of mobile and IoT solutions, said Liam K. Griffin, chairman, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. Revenue exceeded consensus estimates, and we delivered record quarterly operating cash flow. Moving forward, Skyworks is well positioned to navigate a challenging macro backdrop with its highly profitable business model, leading connectivity technologies and an expanding set of customers across many of the strongest market segments. First Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Partnered with AT T to launch their first Wi-Fi 6 PON gateways Shipped into Wi-Fi 7 quad-band mesh router systems with TP-Link Leveraged our advanced connectivity portfolio to support Cambium Networks 6 GHz fixed wireless access points Shipped programmable timing platforms to a market-leading data center customer Enabled Power-over-Ethernet functionality in Cisco s modular switches for enterprise networks Delivered high performance timing solutions for 5G Massive MIMO deployments to a European infrastructure provider Captured EV on-board charging content with a Japanese automotive supplier Secured key automotive digital radio platforms with a top European OEM Second Fiscal Quarter 2023 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this press release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. Looking ahead to our second fiscal quarter of 2023, we anticipate revenue to be between $1.125 billion and $1.175 billion with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.02 at the midpoint of our revenue range, said Kris Sennesael, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Skyworks. Additionally, our board of directors has approved a new $2 billion stock repurchase program, demonstrating their confidence in our business and its ability to continue generating strong free cash flow. Dividend Payment Skyworks board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.62 per share of the Company s common stock, payable on Mar. 21, 2023, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Feb. 28, 2023. Skyworks First Quarter 2023 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its first quarter fiscal year 2023 results and business outlook today at 4 30 p.m. EST. To listen to the conference call via the Internet, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website. To listen to the conference call via telephone, please call (888) 396-8049 (domestic) or (416) 764-8646 (international), Conference ID 64618252. Playback of the conference call will begin at 9 p.m. EST on Feb. 6, 2023, and end at 9 p.m. EST on Feb. 13, 2023. The replay will be available on Skyworks website or by calling (877) 674-7070 (North America) or (416) 764-8692 (international), Conference ID 618252. About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. Our highly innovative analog and mixed signal semiconductors are connecting people, places and things spanning a number of new and previously unimagined applications within the aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearable markets. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This news release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future results and expectations of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments, debt repayment and share repurchases). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on business conditions in our industry, including supply constraints and supply chain disruptions, and the potential for the uncertain duration, severity and future impact of the pandemic, including as a result of more contagious variants of the virus that causes COVID-19, to result in significant disruptions to our business operations, as well as negative impacts to our financial condition the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles, including a rise in inflation and the current heightened risk of recession our reli

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-22-000035_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q4228-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 231-4207 Investor Relations Mitch Haws (949) 231-3223 Skyworks Reports Q4 and Full Year FY22 Results Q4 FY22 Results Delivers Record Fourth Quarter Revenue of $1.407 Billion, up 14% Sequentially and 7% Y-o-Y Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.88 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $3.02 Full Year FY22 Results Delivers Record FY22 Revenue of $5.486 Billion, up 7% Y-o-Y Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $7.81 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $11.24 Returns $1.260 Billion to Stockholders Through Dividends and Share Repurchases IRVINE, Calif., Nov. 3, 2022 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), an innovator of high-performance analog and mixed signal semiconductors connecting people, places and things, today reported fourth fiscal quarter and fiscal year-end results for the period ended Sept. 30, 2022. Revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 was $1.407 billion, up 7% year over year, exceeding consensus estimates. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the fourth fiscal quarter was $388.0 million with diluted earnings per share of $1.88. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $528.6 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.02. For fiscal year 2022, revenue was $5.486 billion, up 7% compared to the prior year, and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $7.81. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for fiscal year 2022 were $11.24. Skyworks set new records for revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share for the fourth quarter and the fiscal year, delivering year-over-year growth driven by our increasingly diversified product portfolio and disciplined execution, said Liam K. Griffin, chairman, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. Throughout the fiscal year, our connectivity solutions enabled a broad set of applications across the mobile, IoT, automotive, data center and infrastructure markets. Our decades of investments in innovative products, deep customer relationships and internal fabrication capabilities are enabling us to effectively navigate a challenging macroeconomic and geopolitical environment. Moving forward, Skyworks strong profitability and cash generation continue to support development of next-generation technologies, positioning us for long-term growth and market share gains across diverse end markets. Fourth Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Partnered with Vodafone to launch the United Kingdom s first Wi-Fi 6E broadband gateway Shipped into Tri-Band fiber gateway platforms for Frontier Communications Launched advanced connectivity solutions with Amazon supporting their Wi-Fi 6 power-over- ethernet access points Delivered integrated platforms to the leading 5G smartphone OEMs, including flagship and mid-tier launches at Google and Samsung, among others Provided programmable timing solutions for a leading optical transport OEM, simplifying 100G 400G capacity expansion in data centers and telco network deployments Captured new 5G designs at Samsung enabling service providers to expand mid-band capacity and coverage Leveraged our comprehensive timing technologies with a leading O-RAN small cell provider Secured key automotive digital radio platforms with the global EV leader and a top European luxury brand Powered energy management solutions for a leader in the smart home market Received a Key Supplier Award from Schneider Electric, highlighting the unique capabilities of Skyworks growing power isolation portfolio First Fiscal Quarter 2023 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this press release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. Given broad demand weakness, we expect revenue to decline on a sequential basis, said Kris Sennesael, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Skyworks. Specifically, in the first fiscal quarter of 2023, we anticipate revenue to be between $1.300 billion and $1.350 billion with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.59 at the midpoint of our revenue range. Dividend Payment Skyworks board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.62 per share of the Company s common stock, payable on Dec. 13, 2022, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Nov. 22, 2022. Skyworks Fourth Quarter 2022 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2022 results and business outlook today at 4 30 p.m. EDT. To listen to the conference call via the Internet, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website. To listen to the conference call via telephone, please call (888) 396-8049 (domestic) or (416) 764-8692 (international), Conference ID 57998834. Playback of the conference call will begin at 9 p.m. EDT on Nov. 3, 2022, and end at 9 p.m. EST on Nov. 10, 2022. The replay will be available on Skyworks website or by calling (877) 674-7070 (North America) or (416) 764-8692 (international), Conference ID 998834. About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. Our highly innovative analog and mixed signal semiconductors are connecting people, places and things spanning a number of new and previously unimagined applications within the aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearable markets. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 and Nasdaq-100 market indices (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This news release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, information relating to future results and expectations of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments, debt repayment and share repurchases). Forward-looking 

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-22-000031_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q3228-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Investor Relations Constance Griffiths Mitch Haws (949) 231-4207 (949) 231-3223 Skyworks Reports Q3 FY22 Results Delivers Record Third Quarter Revenue of $1.233 Billion, up 10% Y-o-Y Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.66 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $2.44 Guides to Double-Digit Sequential Revenue and Earnings Growth in Q4 FY22 Increases Quarterly Dividend by 11% to $0.62 Per Share IRVINE, Calif., Aug. 4, 2022 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), an innovator of high-performance analog semiconductors connecting people, places and things, today reported third fiscal quarter results for the period ended July 1, 2022. Revenue for the third fiscal quarter of 2022 was $1.233 billion, up 10% year over year, exceeding consensus estimates. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the third fiscal quarter was $325.8 million with diluted earnings per share of $1.66. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $439.7 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.44. Skyworks resilient business model and disciplined execution enabled us to deliver record third quarter revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share, said Liam K. Griffin, chairman, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. Years of targeted investments in next-generation technologies, exceptional technical talent and world-class internal fabrication capabilities position us to accelerate our leadership across market-critical solutions. Importantly, our increasing content reach in automotive, data center, infrastructure and other diversified sectors is generating solid momentum going into the second half of calendar 2022. Leveraging a wide array of premium products, our engagements with the industry s most impactful customers are resulting in unparalleled connectivity spanning an ever-expanding set of applications and markets. Third Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Delivered Sky5 platforms to leading 5G smartphone OEMs, including flagship and mid-tier launches at Google and Samsung, among others Powered Wi-Fi 6E, tri-band enterprise access points at Cisco Shipped into Orange s Livebox 6 Gateway, Europe s first carrier-grade Wi-Fi 6E platform Launched 5G solutions with Verizon for their integrated Wi-Fi and cellular internet gateways Supported Google s Pixel Watch with our proprietary cellular, GPS, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth technologies Captured multiple design wins at top European equipment and service providers fueling 5G massive MIMO deployments Delivered timing solutions to market leaders in cloud computing and network infrastructure Developed integrated modules for high-power industrial and IoT applications supporting a prominent brand in smart energy Ramped next-generation wireless and EV power technology at multiple top 10 automotive OEMs Leveraged our automotive timing solutions with a market-leading robotaxi and driverless vehicle provider Fourth Fiscal Quarter 2022 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this press release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. We expect double-digit sequential revenue and earnings growth in the September quarter, said Kris Sennesael, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Skyworks. Specifically, in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022, we anticipate revenue to be between $1.375 billion and $1.425 billion with non- GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.90 at the midpoint of our revenue range, representing sequential revenue and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share growth of 14% and 19%, respectively. In addition, given our conviction in Skyworks strategic outlook and strong cash flow generation, we are announcing another substantial increase to our quarterly dividend. Dividend Increase and Payment Skyworks board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.62 per share of the Company s common stock, representing an 11% increase from the prior quarterly dividend of $0.56 per share. The dividend is payable on Sept. 15, 2022, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Aug. 25, 2022. Skyworks Third Quarter 2022 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its third quarter fiscal 2022 results and business outlook today at 4 30 p.m. EDT. To listen to the conference call via the Internet, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website. To listen to the conference call via telephone, please call (888) 396-8049 (domestic) or (416) 764-8646 (international), Conference ID 92068343. Playback of the conference call will begin at 9 p.m. EDT on Aug. 4, 2022, and end at 9 p.m. EDT on Aug. 11, 2022. The replay will be available on Skyworks website or by calling (877) 674-7070 (domestic) or (416) 764-8692 (international), Conference ID 068343. About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. Our highly innovative analog semiconductors are connecting people, places and things spanning a number of new and previously unimagined applications within the aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, military, smartphone, tablet and wearable markets. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 and Nasdaq-100 market indices (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This news release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, information relating to future results and expectations of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments, debt repayment and share repurchases). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-22-000012_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q2228-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Investor Relations Constance Griffiths Mitch Haws (949) 231-4207 (949) 231-3223 Skyworks Reports Q2 FY22 Results Delivers Record Second Quarter Revenue of $1.336 Billion, up 14% Y-o-Y Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.86 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $2.63 Returns $509 Million to Stockholders in Dividends and Share Repurchases Guides to Double-Digit Y-o-Y Revenue and Earnings Growth in Q3 FY22 IRVINE, Calif., May 3, 2022 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), an innovator of high-performance analog semiconductors connecting people, places and things, today reported second fiscal quarter results for the period ended April 1, 2022. Revenue for the second fiscal quarter of 2022 was $1.336 billion, up 14% year over year, exceeding consensus estimates. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the second fiscal quarter was $367.3 million with diluted earnings per share of $1.86. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $490.9 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.63. Skyworks delivered record second quarter results, with double-digit year-over-year growth in both revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share, said Liam K. Griffin, chairman, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. Broad market revenue was particularly strong, driven by accelerating demand for 