=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-26-000014_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q2268-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 230-4867 Constance.Griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 Raji.Gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Delivers Strong Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2026 Results Revenue of $944 Million, GAAP Diluted EPS of $0.24 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.15 Secured Multi-Generational Android OEM Design Win with Expected $1 Billion+ Revenue Through 2030 Exceeded the High-End of Revenue and Non-GAAP EPS Guidance Broad Markets Delivered Double-Digit Year-over-Year Growth IRVINE, Calif., May 5, 2026 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, today reported second fiscal quarter results for the period ended April 3, 2026. Revenue for the second fiscal quarter of 2026 was $944 million. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the second fiscal quarter was $42 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.24. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $189 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.15. We delivered another strong quarter, reflecting consistent execution and improving momentum across our portfolio, said Phil Brace, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. Mobile outperformed expectations on healthy demand, while Broad Markets continues to accelerate, delivering double-digit year-over-year growth driven by Wi-Fi, data center, and automotive. Second Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Secured a significant, multi-generational design win with a leading Android OEM, expected to generate over $1 billion in revenue through 2030 Wi-Fi 7 momentum across enterprise access points and home connectivity platforms with marquee OEM partners Secured in-vehicle infotainment engagements with BYD and a leading German Tier-1 supplier Broadened timing solutions portfolio with next-generation clock buffers targeting data center, wireless infrastructure, and emerging PCIe Gen 7 applications Advanced 6G innovation leadership with the debut of a FR3 frequency range RF front-end (RFFE) power amplifier at Mobile World Congress 2026 Third Fiscal Quarter 2026 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the June quarter, we anticipate revenue of $900 million to $950 million, with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.03 at the mid-point of the revenue range, said Philip Carter, chief financial officer and senior vice president of Skyworks. We expect Mobile to follow typical seasonal patterns, declining low-single digits sequentially, while Broad Markets is expected to grow modestly sequentially, representing approximately 43% of sales, and up high-single-digits year-over-year. Dividend Payment Skyworks board of directors also declared a cash dividend on the Company s common stock of $0.71 per share. The dividend is payable on June 16, 2026, to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 26, 2026. Skyworks Second Quarter 2026 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its second quarter fiscal 2026 results and business outlook on May 5, 2026, at 4 30 p.m. EDT. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. EDT on May 5, 2026. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. We are a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, including aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearables. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, including with respect to future sales and revenue, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the risks of doing business internationally, including from trade war or trade protection measures (e.g., tariffs, retaliatory tariffs and other countermeasures or taxes), increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to obtain foreign-sourced raw materials, including from Chinese-based sources, as well as our ability to sell products to certain specified foreign entities only pursuant to a limited export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce), the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles or changes in economic conditions, including inflation and recession that could result from trade war or trade protection me

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-26-000005_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q1268-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 230-4867 Constance.Griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 Raji.Gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Delivers Strong Q1 FY26 Performance Driven by Mobile and Broad Markets Revenue of $1.035 Billion GAAP Diluted EPS of $0.53 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.54 Operating Cash Flow of $396 Million and Free Cash Flow of $339 Million IRVINE, Calif., Feb. 3, 2026 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, today reported first fiscal quarter results for the period ended Jan. 2, 2026. Revenue for the first fiscal quarter of 2026 was $1.035 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the first fiscal quarter was $104 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.53. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $252 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.54. We delivered results above our expectations for the fourth consecutive quarter, with outperformance across revenue, gross margin, and non-GAAP earnings, said Phil Brace, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. Mobile exceeded our outlook on the strength of continued healthy sell-through and solid operational execution, while Broad Markets continued to scale with accelerating growth led by Wi-Fi 7 and data center and cloud infrastructure programs. First Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Advanced Wi-Fi 7 design wins supporting enterprise access points, networking, and home connectivity platforms with customers including Comcast, Verizon, TP-Link, and others Expanded automotive connectivity programs, broadening in-vehicle infotainment and 5G module deployments with Volkswagen, BYD, and other leading OEMs Strengthened our 5G position in premium Android smartphones, including Samsung s Galaxy S26 and others Announced the industry s first highly integrated Wi-SUN LoRaWAN RF front-end modules (FEM) for smart home and smart city applications Unveiled next-generation isolation solutions for high-voltage AI server power supplies and advanced EV architectures Second Fiscal Quarter 2026 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the March quarter, we anticipate revenue of $875 million to $925 million, with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.04 at the mid-point of the revenue range, said Philip Carter, chief financial officer and senior vice president of Skyworks. We anticipate Mobile to decline approximately 20% sequentially, consistent with historical seasonality. We expect Broad Markets to be approximately flat sequentially, representing 44% of sales, and up high-single-digits year-over-year. Dividend Payment Skyworks board of directors also declared a cash dividend on the Company s common stock of $0.71 per share. The dividend is payable on Mar. 17, 2026, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Feb. 24, 2026. Skyworks First Quarter 2026 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its first quarter fiscal 2026 results and business outlook on Feb. 3, 2026, at 4 30 p.m. EST. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. EST on Feb. 3, 2026. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. We are a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, including aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearables. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the risks of doing business internationally, including from trade war or trade protection measures (e.g., tariffs, retaliatory tariffs and other countermeasures or taxes), increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to obtain foreign-sourced raw materials, including from Chinese-based sources, as well as our ability to sell products to certain specified foreign entities only pursuant to a limited export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce), the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles or changes in economic conditions, including inflation and recession that could result from trade war or trade protection measures our reliance on a small number of key customer

=== [ER] edgar_0001104659-25-102814_991.htm ===
false 0000004127 false 0000004127 2025-10-28 2025-10-28 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): October 28, 2025 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-05560 04-2302115 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 5260 California Avenue Irvine , California 92617 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ( 949 ) 231-3000 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: x Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.25 per share SWKS Nasdaq Global Select Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. The information contained in this Item 2.02 and in the exhibit attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. On October 28, 2025, Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (the Registrant ), issued a press release in which it announced preliminary fourth fiscal quarter and fiscal year-end results for the period ended October 3, 2025. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. Item 8.01 Other Events. On October 28, 2025, the Registrant announced that its board of directors had declared a cash dividend on the Registrant s common stock of $0.71 per share, payable on December 9, 2025, to its stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 18, 2025. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 99.1 Registrant s Press Release dated October 28, 2025 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibit 101) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Skyworks Solutions, Inc. October 28, 2025 By: /s/ Philip Carter Name: Philip Carter Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-25-000082_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q425earningsreleaseformex9.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 230-4867 Constance.Griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 Raji.Gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Reports Q4 and Full Year FY25 Results Delivers Q4 Revenue of $1.10 Billion Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $0.94 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.76 Generates Annual Operating Cash Flow of $1.30 Billion and Annual Free Cash Flow of $1.11 Billion IRVINE, Calif., Nov. 4, 2025 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, today reported fourth fiscal quarter and fiscal-year end results for the period ended Oct. 3, 2025. Revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2025 was $1.10 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the fourth fiscal quarter was $111 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.94. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $264 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.76. This was our third straight quarter of strong execution, with revenue and non-GAAP EPS both exceeding expectations, said Phil Brace, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. In Mobile, underlying demand trends remain solid, supported by healthy sell-through and new product launches. Looking ahead, we expect rising AI-driven data traffic to drive greater RF complexity, an area where Skyworks is well positioned. Broad markets growth was led by Wi-Fi 7 adoption, strong automotive sales, and product ramps in data center and cloud infrastructure. Fourth Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Secured 5G content across premium Android smartphones, including Google Pixel 10, Samsung Galaxy S25, and others Expanded in-vehicle infotainment programs with BYD, Stellantis, and a leading Korean OEM Broadened Wi-Fi 7 programs across enterprise, networking, and home connectivity platforms Announced ultra-low jitter clock buffers for high-speed Ethernet and PCIe Gen 7 connectivity, enabling AI, cloud computing, and 5G 6G network applications First Fiscal Quarter 2026 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the December quarter, we anticipate revenue of $975 million to $1,025 million, with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.40 at the mid-point of the revenue range, said Phil Carter, chief financial officer and senior vice president of Skyworks. We anticipate Mobile to decline low- to mid-teens sequentially. We expect Broad Markets to be up slightly in the first quarter, representing 39% of sales, and up mid- to high-single digits year-over-year. Dividend Payment As the Company disclosed on Oct. 28, 2025, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on the Company s common stock of $0.71 per share. The dividend is payable on Dec. 9, 2025, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Nov. 18, 2025. Skyworks Fourth Quarter 2025 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its fourth quarter fiscal 2025 results and business outlook on Nov. 4, 2025, at 4 30 p.m. EST. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. EST on Nov. 4, 2025. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. We are a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, including aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearables. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the risks of doing business internationally, including from trade war or trade protection measures (e.g., tariffs, retaliatory tariffs and other countermeasures or taxes), increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to obtain foreign-sourced raw materials, including from Chinese-based sources, as well as our ability to sell products to certain specified foreign entities only pursuant to a limited export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce), the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles or changes in economic conditions, including inflation and recession that could result from trade war or trade protection measures our reliance on a small number of key customers for a large percentage of our sales decreased gross margins and loss of market share as a re

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-25-000072_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q3258-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 230-4867 Constance.Griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 Raji.Gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Reports Q3 Fiscal 2025 Results Delivers Revenue of $965 Million Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $0.70 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.33 Generates YTD Operating Cash Flow of $1.1 Billion and Free Cash Flow of $962 Million Increases Quarterly Dividend by 1% to $0.71 Per Share Initiates Consolidation of Woburn Facility into Newbury Park as Part of Long-Term Manufacturing Optimization Efforts IRVINE, Calif., Aug. 5, 2025 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, today reported results for the fiscal quarter ended June 27, 2025. Revenue for the third fiscal quarter of 2025 was $965 million. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the third fiscal quarter was $111 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.70. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $224 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.33. Skyworks delivered another strong quarter, with revenue up 7% year-over-year and both gross margin and non-GAAP EPS exceeding the high-end of our guidance, said Phil Brace, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. We re encouraged by the momentum in Mobile and steady strength across our Broad Markets, driven by long-term growth trends in edge IoT, automotive and data center. Third Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Secured 5G content across premium Android smartphones, including a flagship model from Samsung Galaxy Captured new automotive programs with global OEMs such as BYD, Ford, Geely, and Nissan, spanning 5G telematics and in-vehicle infotainment systems Expanded momentum in Wi-Fi 7 with increased design activity across cable, retail, and enterprise access points Unveiled industry s first single-chip ultra-low jitter clocks supporting simultaneous Ethernet and PCI Express outputs for AI data center applications Fourth Fiscal Quarter 2025 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the September quarter, we anticipate revenue of $1.00 billion to $1.03 billion, with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.40 at the mid-point of the revenue range, said Rob Schriesheim, interim chief financial officer of Skyworks. Mobile remains healthy, with solid order patterns and projected sequential growth of mid-single digits. Broad Markets is on track for another quarter of sequential growth and accelerating year-over-year performance. Dividend Increase and Payment Skyworks board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.71 per share of the Company s common stock, representing a 1% increase from the prior quarterly dividend of $0.70 per share. The dividend is payable on Sept. 16, 2025, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Aug. 26, 2025. Skyworks Third Quarter 2025 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its third quarter fiscal 2025 results and business outlook on Aug. 5, 2025, at 4 30 p.m. EDT. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. EDT on Aug. 5, 2025. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. We are a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, including aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearables. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the risks of doing business internationally, including from trade war or trade protection measures (e.g., tariffs, retaliatory tariffs and other countermeasures or taxes), increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to obtain foreign-sourced raw materials, including from Chinese-based sources, as well as our ability to sell products to certain specified foreign entities only pursuant to a limited export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce), the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles or changes in economic conditions, including inflation and recession that could result from trade war or trade protection measures our reliance on a small number of key customers for a large percentage of o

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-25-000038_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q2258-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 230-4867 Constance.Griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 Raji.Gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Reports Q2 Fiscal 2025 Results Delivers Revenue of $953 Million Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $0.43 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.24 Generates Operating Cash Flow of $410 Million (43% Operating Cash Flow Margin) and Free Cash Flow of $371 Million (39% Free Cash Flow Margin) IRVINE, Calif., May 7, 2025 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, today reported results for the fiscal quarter ended Mar. 28, 2025. Revenue for the second fiscal quarter of 2025 was $953 million. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the second fiscal quarter was $97 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.43. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $222 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.24. Skyworks delivered solid results this quarter, underscored by our diversified product portfolio, disciplined execution, and strategic engagements with customers, said Phil Brace, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. Leveraging our strong free cash flow generation, we returned over $600 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends representing the highest quarterly return ever. Despite recent market volatility, we remain focused on executing our strategy and supporting our customers across a broad set of markets. Second Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Secured 5G design wins across premium Android smartphones, including flagship models from Samsung Galaxy, Google Pixel, and Oppo Achieved key design wins for in-vehicle infotainment systems with a major Japanese automotive OEM and a leading European automaker Expanded Wi-Fi 7 traction with increased design wins across enterprise access points, consumer routers, and home mesh networks Third Fiscal Quarter 2025 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the June quarter, we anticipate revenue of $920 million to $960 million, with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.24 at the mid-point of the revenue range, said Kris Sennesael, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Skyworks. We expect our mobile business to decline low single digits sequentially, generally consistent with typical seasonal patterns. We remain encouraged by ongoing momentum in our Broad Markets that is on track for another quarter of sequential growth and improving year-over-year trends. Dividend Payment Skyworks board of directors also declared a cash dividend of $0.70 per share of the Company s common stock. The dividend is payable on Jun. 17, 2025, to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 27, 2025. Skyworks Second Quarter 2025 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its second quarter fiscal 2025 results and business outlook on May 7, 2025, at 4 30 p.m. EDT. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. EDT on May 7, 2025. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call. About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. We are a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, including aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearables. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments and stock repurchases). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the risks of doing business internationally, including from trade war or trade protection measures (e.g., tariffs, retaliatory tariffs and other countermeasures or taxes), increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to obtain foreign-sourced raw materials, including from Chinese-based sources, as well as our ability to sell products to certain specified foreign entities only pursuant to a limited export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce), the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles or changes in economic conditions, including inflation and recession that could result from trade war or trade protection measures our reliance on a small number of key customers for a large percentage of our sales decreased gross margins and loss of market share as a result of

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-25-000009_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q1258-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 230-4867 Constance.Griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 Raji.Gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Reports Q1 Fiscal 2025 Results Delivers Revenue of $1.068 Billion Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.00 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.60 Generates Operating Cash Flow of $377 Million (35% Operating Cash Flow Margin) and Free Cash Flow of $338 Million (32% Free Cash Flow Margin) IRVINE, Calif., Feb. 5, 2025 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, today reported results for the fiscal quarter ended Dec. 27, 2024. Revenue for the first fiscal quarter of 2025 was $1.068 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the first fiscal quarter was $181 million with diluted earnings per share of $1.00. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $285 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.60. Skyworks started the new fiscal year with solid results, growing revenue 4% sequentially and surpassing the midpoint of our guidance, said Liam K. Griffin, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. We have observed consistent improvement in demand indicators within Broad Markets, while we have successfully supported multiple new product launches in Mobile. Furthermore, we posted another quarter of impressive free cash flow with margins exceeding 30%. First Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Secured 5G content for premium Android smartphones for Samsung Galaxy, Xiaomi, and Asus Supported Gemtek s launch of the first AI router with voice-enabled AI-Powered healthcare service Enabled Asus s award-winning, quad-band Wi-Fi 7 gaming routers Expanded our design win pipeline in automotive with cellular connectivity and power management solutions Second Fiscal Quarter 2025 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the March quarter, we expect revenue between $935 million to $965 million, with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.20 at the mid-point of the revenue range, said Kris Sennesael, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Skyworks. We anticipate a mid-to-high teens sequential decline in mobile, consistent with historical seasonal patterns. In broad markets, we expect additional sequential and year-over-year growth. In addition, our board of directors has approved a new $2 billion stock repurchase program as part of our disciplined capital allocation strategy. Stock Repurchase Program Skyworks board of directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $2 billion of the Company s common stock from time to time through Feb. 3, 2027, on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, in compliance with applicable securities laws and other legal requirements. This newly authorized stock repurchase program succeeds in its entirety the stock repurchase program that was approved by the board of directors on Jan. 31, 2023. The timing and amount of any shares of the Company s common stock that are repurchased under the new repurchase program will be determined by the Company s management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The Company currently expects to fund the repurchase program using the Company s working capital. As of Dec. 27, 2024, the Company had cash and marketable securities of approximately $1.75 billion. Dividend Payment Skyworks board of directors also declared a cash dividend of $0.70 per share of the Company s common stock. The dividend is payable on Mar. 17, 2025, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Feb. 24, 2025. Skyworks First Quarter 2025 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its first quarter fiscal 2025 results and business outlook on Feb. 5, 2025, at 4 30 p.m. EST. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. EST on Feb. 5, 2025. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. We are a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, including aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearables. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments and stock repurchases). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other impor

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-24-000100_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q424earningsreleaseformex9.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 231-4207 Constance.Griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 Raji.Gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Reports Q4 and Full Year FY24 Results Delivers Revenue of $1.025 Billion Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $0.37 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.55 Generates Annual Operating Cash Flow of $1.825 Billion (44% Operating Cash Flow Margin) and Free Cash Flow of $1.668 Billion (40% Free Cash Flow Margin) IRVINE, Calif., Nov. 12, 2024 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, today reported fourth fiscal quarter and fiscal year-end results for the period ended Sept. 27, 2024. Revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2024 was $1.025 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the fourth fiscal quarter was $59 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.37. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $273 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.55. Skyworks fourth fiscal quarter revenue grew 13% sequentially, above the midpoint of our guidance, said Liam K. Griffin, chairman, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. For the second year in a row, we generated over $1.6 billion of free cash flow and ended fiscal 2024 with a record 40% free cash flow margin. Looking ahead, we believe AI is poised to ignite a transformative smartphone upgrade cycle, propelling the demand for higher levels of RF complexity. We are in the early stages of this multi-year trend and Skyworks is well-positioned to capitalize on it. Fourth Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Secured 5G content for premium Android smartphones including Google Pixel 9, Samsung Galaxy, Oppo OnePlus, and several others Expanded our Wi-Fi 7 design wins with Linksys, Charter, NETGEAR, CommScope, and TP-Link Powered advanced audio solutions for wireless gaming and clinical-grade hearing aids Increased design win momentum in automotive including 5G front-end modules, infotainment, and digital isolators, across the leading OEMs First Fiscal Quarter 2025 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the December quarter, we expect revenue to be $1.05 billion to $1.08 billion with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.57 at the mid-point of the revenue range, said Kris Sennesael, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Skyworks. We expect our mobile business to be up mid-single digits sequentially, driven by seasonal product ramps. In broad markets, despite excess inventory in select segments, we anticipate further modest sequential growth, and a return to year-over-year growth. Dividend Payment Skyworks board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.70 per share of the Company s common stock. The dividend is payable on Dec. 24, 2024, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Dec. 3, 2024. Skyworks Fourth Quarter 2024 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its fourth quarter fiscal 2024 results and business outlook on Nov. 12, 2024, at 4 30 p.m. ET. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. ET on Nov. 12, 2024. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. We are a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and solutions for numerous applications, including aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearables. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles or changes in economic conditions, including inflation and recession our reliance on a small number of key customers for a large percentage of our sales decreased gross margins and loss of market share as a result of increased competition our ability to obtain design wins from customers market acceptance of our products and our customers products, including market acceptance of new, emerging technologies such as AI the risks of doing business internationally, including increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to sell products to certain specified foreign entities only pursuant to a limited export license from the U.S. Department of

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-24-000068_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q3248-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 231-4207 Constance.Griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 Raji.Gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Reports Q3 FY24 Results Delivers Revenue of $906 Million Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $0.75 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.21 Year-to-Date Operating Cash Flow of $1.35 Billion and Free Cash Flow of $1.27 Billion 43% Operating Cash Flow Margin and 40% Free Cash Flow Margin Increases Quarterly Dividend by 3% to $0.70 Per Share IRVINE, Calif., Jul. 30, 2024 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), an innovator of high-performance analog and mixed-signal semiconductors connecting people, places and things, today reported third fiscal quarter results for the period ended June 28, 2024. Revenue for the third fiscal quarter of 2024 was $906 million. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the third fiscal quarter was $130 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.75. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $219 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.21. Skyworks generated solid results and strong profitability consistent with our guidance, said Liam K. Griffin, chairman, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. Exiting the June quarter, our mobile business is ramping up while our broad markets business continues to recover. Over the medium-to-long-term, we expect generative AI applications will migrate to the edge, including the smartphone, driving a meaningful replacement cycle and leading to higher levels of RF complexity. Third Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Secured 5G content for premium Android smartphones including Google Pixel 8a, Samsung Galaxy M, Oppo Reno12 and several others Supported the launches of Wi-Fi 7 tri-band routers and access points with NETGEAR, TP-Link and Cambium Networks Accelerated our design win pipeline in automotive, including telematics, infotainment and CV2X Fourth Fiscal Quarter 2024 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the September quarter, we expect revenue to be $1.00 billion to $1.04 billion with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.52 at the mid-point of the revenue range, said Kris Sennesael, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Skyworks. We expect our mobile business to be up approximately 20% sequentially, as demand and supply patterns appear to be normalizing. In broad markets, we expect modest improvement, representing three consecutive quarters of sequential growth. In addition, given our solid capital structure and strong year-to-date cash flow generation, we are announcing another increase to our quarterly dividend. Dividend Increase and Payment Skyworks board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.70 per share of the Company s common stock, representing a 3% increase from the prior quarterly dividend of $0.68 per share. The dividend is payable on Sept. 10, 2024, to stockholders of record at the close of business on Aug. 20, 2024. Skyworks Third Quarter 2024 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its third quarter fiscal 2024 results and business outlook on July 30, 2024, at 4 30 p.m. EDT. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. EDT on July 30, 2024. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. Our highly innovative analog and mixed-signal semiconductors are connecting people, places and things spanning a number of new and previously unimagined applications within the aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearable markets. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com. Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles or changes in economic conditions, including inflation and recession our reliance on a small number of key customers for a large percentage of our sales the availability and pricing of third-party semiconductor foundry, assembly and test capacity, raw materials, including rare earth and similar minerals, supplier components, equipment and shipping and logistics services, including limits on our customers ability to obtain such services and materials the risks of doing business internationally, including increased import export restrictions and controls (e.g., our ability to sell products to certain sp

=== [ER] edgar_0000004127-24-000018_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 q2248-kex991earningsrelease.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Media Relations Constance Griffiths (949) 231-4207 constance.griffiths skyworksinc.com Investor Relations Raji Gill (949) 508-0973 raji.gill skyworksinc.com Skyworks Reports Q2 FY24 Results Delivers Revenue of $1.046 Billion Posts GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.14 and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS of $1.55 Generates Quarterly Operating Cash Flow of $300 Million and Quarterly Free Cash Flow of $273 Million IRVINE, Calif., Apr. 30, 2024 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq SWKS), an innovator of high-performance analog and mixed-signal semiconductors connecting people, places and things, today reported second fiscal quarter results for the period ended March 29, 2024. Revenue for the second fiscal quarter of 2024 was $1.046 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the second fiscal quarter was $189.2 million with diluted earnings per share of $1.14. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $279.1 million with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.55. Skyworks delivered solid results and strong cash generation in a challenging macroeconomic environment, said Liam K. Griffin, chairman, chief executive officer and president of Skyworks. During the March quarter, in our mobile business, we saw below normal seasonal trends, with lower-than-expected end market demand. Over the long-term, we intend to leverage our connectivity technology across edge-connected IoT devices, automotive electrification and advanced safety systems, and AI infrastructure. Second Fiscal Quarter Business Highlights Delivered integrated platforms to the leading 5G smartphone OEMs, including flagship and mid-tier launches at Samsung, Google, and Oppo Expanded our design win pipeline and initiated new programs in automotive, including infotainment systems, traction inverters, cloud-enhanced driver-assist and CV2X on-board units Secured several audio SoC design wins for wireless gaming and soundbars with PlayStation and Samsung Third Fiscal Quarter 2024 Outlook We provide earnings guidance on a non-GAAP basis because certain information necessary to reconcile such guidance to GAAP is difficult to estimate and dependent on future events outside of our control. Please refer to the attached Discussion Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this earnings release for a further discussion of our use of non-GAAP measures, including quantification of known expected adjustment items. For the June quarter, we expect revenue to be $900 million, plus or minus 2%, said Kris Sennesael, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Skyworks. At the mid-point of the revenue range, we anticipate non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.21. We expect our mobile business to be down sequentially, below normal seasonal patterns, as excess inventory clears. In broad markets, we anticipate further modest growth as inventory levels appear to be normalizing in certain end markets. Dividend Payment Skyworks board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.68 per share of the Company s common stock, payable on June 11, 2024, to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 21, 2024. Skyworks Second Quarter 2024 Conference Call Skyworks will host a conference call with analysts to discuss its second quarter fiscal 2024 results and business outlook on April 30, 2024, at 4 30 p.m. EDT. To listen to the conference call, please visit the investor relations section of Skyworks website at https investors.skyworksinc.com events-presentations. Playback of the conference call will be available on Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com investors beginning at 9 p.m. EDT on April 30, 2024. Additionally, a transcript of the Company s prepared remarks will be made available on our website promptly after their conclusion during the call . About Skyworks Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. Our highly innovative analog and mixed-signal semiconductors are connecting people, places and things spanning a number of new and previously unimagined applications within the aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, defense, entertainment and gaming, industrial, medical, smartphone, tablet and wearable markets. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S P 500 market index (Nasdaq SWKS). For more information, please visit Skyworks website at www.skyworksinc.com . Safe Harbor Statement This earnings release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include information relating to future events, prospects, expectations, and results of Skyworks (e.g., certain projections and business trends, as well as plans for dividend payments). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, expects, forecasts, intends, believes, plans, may, will or continue, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. All such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those projected and may affect our future operating results, financial position and cash flows. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include the susceptibility of the semiconductor industry and the markets addressed by our, and our customers , products to economic cycles, including a rise in inflation and the current heightened risk of recession our reliance on a small number of key customers for a l