=== VTRS_2026-04-02.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 VIATRIS INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Message from Melina Higgins, Independent Chair of the Board, and Scott A. Smith, Chief Executive Officer Dear Fellow Viatris Shareholders, On behalf of the Board of Directors and management, we thank you for your continued confidence in and support of Viatris. 2025 was an important year for our Company. Through disciplined execution, we strengthened our foundation and positioned Viatris for the future. We drove strong commercial performance across our global portfolio, continued to stabilize and strengthen our base business and delivered solid financial results, including $14.3 billion in Total Revenues. We prioritized capital return with more than $1 billion returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We targeted accretive business development, completing 60 regional transactions, including our acquisition of Aculys Pharma in Japan. At the same time, we advanced our pipeline with five positive Phase 3 data readouts and continued progress across key programs, including selatogrel and cenerimod. These achievements and our significant progress would not have been possible without the efforts of our colleagues around the world. We thank them for their continued dedication to our mission. Enterprise-Wide Strategic Review A key priority for the Company in 2025 was our enterprise-wide strategic review. As a result of this review, we identified opportunities to optimize our Company s structure, sharpen resource allocation and enhance operational efficiency, while enabling reinvestment in areas that strengthen our growth profile and long-term competitiveness. In addition, the Board and management are aligned on a focused set of Strategic Imperatives to guide the Company forward: Drive Our Base Business by executing successful launches, focusing on supply chain continuity, evolving the generics portfolio over time towards more profitable, higher-margin products and strengthening the established brands portfolio. Fuel Our Innovative Portfolio by advancing a pipeline of late-stage and in-market growth assets sourced both internally and externally. Modernize for Sustainable Growth by strengthening the technology, data and talent capabilities necessary to support long-term competitiveness in a rapidly evolving healthcare environment. Together we expect these actions will accelerate Viatris transformation into a more focused, efficient and future-ready organization and position our Company to enter a period of sustained growth. Most recently at our Investor Event in March 2026, we outlined how these Strategic Imperatives can support the execution of the Company s long-term vision. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Strategic Priorities To achieve success, we must first focus on delivering our 2026 Strategic Priorities: Deliver strong financial performance and realize benefits from cost optimization initiatives identified during the enterprise-wise strategic review. Drive strong commercial execution , including key anticipated launches such as the low-dose estrogen weekly patch in the United States and Effexor for Generalized Anxiety Disorder in Japan. Advance our pipeline , including multiple regulatory decisions and Phase 3 milestones. Pursue accretive in-market business development to support our base business and grow our innovative pipeline. Continue disciplined and balanced capital allocation , including returning capital to shareholders. Further evolve and modernize the organization to support sustained growth. Governance and Oversight Strong governance remains central to the Board s responsibilities. The Board and management remained closely aligned throughout the enterprise-wide strategic review, the identification of the Company s Strategic Imperatives and 2026 Strategic Priorities. In April 2025, the Board established a non-standing Strategic Review Committee to oversee the process to explore and evaluate the range of strategic alternatives available to the Company. The Strategic Review Committee and management met regularly throughout the year, including with external advisors, to develop alignment on the path forward that we believe will best support long-term shareholder value. The Board will continue to provide oversight as management executes against the Company s Strategic Imperatives and 2026 Strategic Priorities. We have also refreshed our Board to add the skills that we believe best support the Company, including with respect to these initiatives. Since June 2024, we have welcomed four new directors with deep expertise in pharmaceutical leadership, finance and innovation, while maintaining continuity and institutional knowledge. In addition, we have evolved and strengthened our leadership team, integrating new capabilities and perspectives to support the Company and its next phase of growth. Additionally, we continued to refine our governance practices and executive compensation framework. At our 2025 Annual Meeting, our Say-on-Pay proposal received approximately 95% shareholder support. The Board and management will continue to jointly focus on execution, accountability and long-term value creation. TABLE OF CONTENTS Closing With a stable base business, an advancing pipeline, a clear strategic framework and long-term vision, we believe Viatris is well positioned for the future. We thank you for your continued trust in Viatris. Sincerely, Melina Higgins Independent Chair of the Board Scott A. Smith Chief Executive Officer TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Dear Viatris Shareholders: You are cordially invited to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting ) of Viatris Inc. ( Viatris or the Company ). The meeting will be held on Friday, May 15, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time at the Hilton Naples, 5111 Tamiami Trail North, Naples, Florida 34103. At the meeting, holders of Viatris issued and outstanding common stock as of the close of business (5:00 p.m. Eastern Time) on March 20, 2026 (the Record Date ) will be asked to consider and act upon the following items of business, which are more fully described in this Proxy Statement. Date and Time: Friday, May 15, 2026 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time Location: Hilton Naples 5111 Tamiami Trail North Naples, FL 34103 If you wish to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting (which is currently scheduled to be held in person), please so inform Viatris in writing by sending notice to the attention of Viatris Corporate Secretary at 1000 Mylan Blvd., Canonsburg, PA 15317 or by e-mail to corporatesecretary@viatris.com, in each case prior to 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on May 14, 2026. See Important Meeting Information in this Notice and How can I attend the 2026 Annual Meeting? on page A- 2 for more information. Items of Business Page 1. Election of 13 director nominees, each to hold office until the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders. 10 2. Approval of, on a non-binding advisory basis, the 2025 compensation of the named executive officers of the Company. 46 3. Ratification of the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. 76 4. Such other business as may properly come before the meeting and any postponement or adjournment thereof. Only shareholders of record as of the Record Date are entitled to receive notice of, participate in and to vote at the 2026 Annual Meeting and any postponements or adjournments thereof. On or about April 2, 2026, we mailed to Viatris shareholders as of the Record Date a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials ( Internet Notice ), which includes instructions on how to access our 2026 Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report on the Internet, and how to cast your vote. See Why did I receive a notice in the mail regarding the Internet availability of proxy materials instead of a full set of proxy materials? on page A- 1 for more information. If you received your proxy materials for the 2026 Annual Meeting by mail, the Proxy Statement, the 2025 Annual Report and proxy card were enclosed. Please know that your vote is very important, and you are encouraged to vote promptly. Please carefully review the proxy materials for the 2026 Annual Meeting and follow the instructions below to cast your vote on all of the voting matters. Whether or not you expect to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting, we urge you to read the proxy statement and vote your shares as soon as possible using any of the following methods. Voting Information How to Vote Please vote using one of the advance voting methods. In all cases, you should have your Internet Notice, or if you requested to receive printed proxy materials, your proxy card or voting instruction form, in hand and follow the instructions. Shareholders of Record (shares registered on the books of the Company via Equiniti Trust Company) Via Internet Visit www.proxyvote.com or scan the QR Barcode (the QR code will be on the proxy card) By mail Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. By phone Call 1-800-690-6903 or the telephone number on your proxy card Beneficial Owners (shares held through your bank or brokerage account) Via Internet Visit www.proxyvote.com By mail Sign, date and return your voting instruction form pursuant to the instructions therein By phone Call 1-800-454-8683 or the telephone number on your voting instruction form All shareholders of record may vote in person at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Beneficial owners may vote in person at the 2026 Annual Meeting if they have a legal proxy, and follow the instructions described in the response to the question titled How do I vote if I am a beneficial owner of shares of Viatris common stock and hold them in street name? on page A- 4 . See Important Meeting Information below on how to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting. TABLE OF CONTENTS Important Meeting Information If you plan to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting in person, you must register in advance. See the question titled How can I attend the 2026 Annual Meeting? on page A- 2 for information about the location, format and how to register to attend the meeting. For important information concerning the 2026 Annual Meeting, voting and other matters, please refer to Appendix A Questions and Answers, beginning on page A- 1 . By Order of the Viatris Inc. Board of Directors, Burt Park Chief Governance Counsel and Corporate Secretary April 2, 2026 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON MAY 15, 2026. The Notice of Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report are available at www.proxyvote.com. Information on our website is not considered part of this Proxy Statement. TABLE OF CONTENTS Message from Melina Higgins, Independent Chair of the Board, and Scott A. Smith, Chief Executive Officer Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Table of Contents 1 A Strong Foundation for Performance and Impact 1 Delivered on 2025 Strategic Priorities 2 Strategic Setup for 2026 2 Expansive Global Reach 3 Approach to Innovation and Growth 3 Building Sustainable Access at Scale 4 Our Commitment to Good Corporate Governance 7 Viatris Board of Directors 10 Item 1 Election of Directors 11 Directors Nominated for Election at the 2026 Annual Meeting 24 How Our Board Governs and Is Governed 30 Board Refreshment and Succession Planning 31 Annual Board and Committee Self-Evaluations 32 Setting and Overseeing Strategy 34 Risk Oversight 37 How Our Directors Are Selected and Evaluated 38 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 39 How Non-Employee Directors Are Compensated 40 Non-Employee Director Share Ownership Guidelines 41 Security Ownership 41 Security Ownership of Directors, Nominees, NEOs, and Executive Officers 42 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 43 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 44 Executive Officers 46 Item 2 Advisory Vote to Approve the 2025 Compensation of the Named Executive Officers of the Company 47 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 47 Named Executive Officers 48 Executive Summary 49 Selected Highlights and Recent Developments 50 Executive Compensation Philosophy 50 2025 Performance-Based Compensation Program 51 Elements of 2025 Compensation 55 Compensation Governance and Policies 60 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 61 Executive Compensation Tables 61 2025 Summary Compensation Table 66 Estimated Payments in Connection with a Termination of Employment or Change in Control 68 CEO Pay Ratio 70 Pay Versus Performance 76 Item 3 Ratification of the Selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2026 77 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 77 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy 78 Report of the Audit Committee of Viatris Board A-1 Appendix A Questions and Answers B-1 Appendix B B-1 Forward-Looking Statements B-2 Non-GAAP Financial Measures * Our website, 2025 Sustainability Report and their respective contents are not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS A Strong Foundation for Performance and Impact At VIATRIS , our ability to sustainably deliver high-quality medicines is grounded in our mission to empower people worldwide to live healthier at every stage of life. We are a company uniquely positioned to bridge the traditional divide between generics and brands, combining the best of both to more holistically address healthcare needs globally. Because health matters everywhere. Who We Are Today Delivered on 2025 Strategic Priorities 2026 Proxy Statement | 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS A Strong Foundation for Performance and Impact Strategic Setup for 2026 Expansive Global Reach Our strong commercial infrastructure enables us to serve patients in almost every corner of the globe through retail and pharmacy establishments, wholesalers, governments, institutions, physicians and other customers. We provide unique reach across North America, Europe, the Asia Pacific region and emerging markets. Through our four reportable segments Developed Markets, Emerging Markets, Japan, Australia and New Zealand (JANZ) and Greater China we sold more than 70 billion doses of medicine in 2025 across more than 165 countries and territories. 2 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS A Strong Foundation for Performance and Impact Approach to Innovation and Growth Building Sustainable Access at Scale As a global healthcare company with a broad and diverse portfolio and global reach, our most significant contribution to society is building access to medicine and partnering in the pursuit of more resilient healthcare systems. As part of working to provide access to medicine throughout the globe, we are committed to advancing responsible and sustainable practices and operations. We are leveraging the shared expertise within Viatris and through our partnerships to address important environmental, social and governance matters, recognizing that our actions affect people and communities that we serve and depend upon. These key topics encompass four broad areas: Reliable Supply and High-Quality Medicine: manufacturing and distribution, including our supply chain and regulatory impact; Our People: managing talent, engaging employees and promoting workplace health and safety and inclusion; Environmental Impact: mitigating environmental impact from climate change and energy to water and waste management; and Governance and Ethical Practices: managing inherent risks and encouraging opportunities and business ethics. We invite you to learn more about our efforts in our upcoming 2025 Viatris Sustainability Report (which we do not incorporate by reference in this Proxy Statement). 2026 Proxy Statement | 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS A Strong Foundation for Performance and Impact 2025 Viatris Recognitions Our Commitment to Good Corporate Governance Robust Shareholder Engagement Our shareholder-centric model is rooted in our Board of Directors ( Board ) and management s commitment to ongoing, robust dialogue with shareholders to discuss and solicit shareholder feedback on key strategic, operational, financial, governance, and executive compensation topics, and to address other topics of importance to shareholders. Since January 1, 2025, we met with 20 of our 50 largest shareholders representing approximately 45% of our outstanding shares and reached out to approximately 30 of our 50 largest shareholders representing approximately 60% of our outstanding shares (in each case based on December 31, 2025 shareholder data). In these meetings, various members of our management and, as appropriate or where requested, our Board, including independent Directors, met with institutional investor executives, governance and stewardship team leads, and portfolio managers. Our leadership has also met with the analyst community, participated in 9 investor conferences, and held informal direct shareholder discussions since January 1, 2025. In connection with our 2025 annual meeting of shareholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting ), we reached out to 8 of our largest 10 shareholders and offered them an opportunity to meet with independent Directors without members of management present. Two shareholders accepted this offer, while the others expressed that they did not have additional questions or feedback at the time. The participants in these meetings included our Board Chair, Vice Chair and the Chair of our Governance and Sustainability Committee. Shareholder Discussion Highlights Enterprise-Wide Strategic Review: Shareholders asked us to provide more detail on our enterprise-wide strategic review and expressed that they were supportive of the initiative. As we announced in connection with our fourth quarter 2025 earnings, we have identified opportunities across the Company to optimize our organizational structure, sharpen our resource allocation and increase operational efficiency that are designed to deliver meaningful net cost savings while enabling reinvestment in areas that enhance the growth profile and long-term competitiveness of the Company. We also quantified our goals in this area for shareholders. This initiative was overseen by a non-standing Strategic Review Committee of our Board that we formed in April 2025 to support alignment between the Board and management with respect to this initiative. Director Refreshment: Viatris remains committed to Board refreshment and strong corporate governance. In particular, the Board has appointed seven new Directors since December 2022 and elected an independent Chair in 2023. In connection with its refreshment process, the Board specifically sought individuals with C-suite level and/or pharmaceutical experience. Shareholders expressed strong support for our decision to focus on these areas of experience and have expressed satisfaction with our current Board composition. Strategic Imperatives: On our fourth quarter 2025 earnings call, Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) Scott A. Smith discussed our 2026 strategic imperatives, which are as follows: 4 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS A Strong Foundation for Performance and Impact Drive our Base Business by executing successful launches, focusing on supply chain continuity, evolving the generics portfolio over time towards more profitable, higher-margin products and strengthening the established brands portfolio. Fuel our Innovative Portfolio by advancing a pipeline of late-stage and in-market growth assets sourced both internally and externally. Modernize for Sustainable Growth by strengthening the technology, data and talent capabilities necessary to support long-term competitiveness in a rapidly evolving healthcare environment. Annual Meeting Timing: Shareholders expressed appreciation for the Company s change to a more standard annual meeting cadence from December to our 2026 Annual Meeting on May 15, 2026. Executive Compensation: We were satisfied by the results of our 2025 Say-on-Pay Vote, which was supported by approximately 95% of votes cast. In the course of our engagement before and after our 2025 Say-on-Pay Vote, shareholders stated that they were pleased by changes to the program that the Board and management had implemented based on their feedback. The table below details certain actions we took in 2025. Reduced the 2024 Annual Incentive Payout The Compensation Committee exercised negative discretion to reduce the 2024 annual incentive payout. This negative discretion was exercised due to the unique timing of the import alert related to the Indore, India facility, and the resulting impact on the Company s financials and share price. 2024 performance outcomes for Adjusted EBITDA 1 , Free Cash Flow 1 and Global Regulatory Submissions would have resulted in a 163.92% bonus funding under the provisions of the short-term incentive plan. The Compensation Committee reduced funding to 140%. Increased Difficulty of 2025 Adjusted EBITDA 1 Maximum Objective Historically, maximum Adjusted EBITDA performance under the annual incentive plan has been set at 105% of target. For 2025, maximum Adjusted EBITDA performance was set at 110% of target requiring a greater level of Adjusted EBITDA performance to achieve above target payouts in 2025. Reduced Weighting of Global Regulatory Submissions The portion of the annual incentive related to Global Regulatory Submissions objective was reduced from 20% to 10% in 2025. Revised Compensation Peer Group Eli Lilly was eliminated from the peer group due to its significantly greater market capitalization. Sandoz was added to the peer group. Amended Share Ownership Requirements Policy for our NEOs The Compensation Committee amended the policy for our NEOs to exclude unearned performance restricted stock units ( PRSUs ) (including associated dividend equivalent units ( DEUs )) from ownership calculations, thereby making our share ownership requirements more robust. 1 See Appendix B for a description of how Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow under the annual incentive plan were calculated for 2024. See footnote 1 on page 53 for a description of how Adjusted EBITDA under the annual incentive plan was calculated for 2025. 2026 Proxy Statement | 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS A Strong Foundation for Performance and Impact Board Structure and Oversight Viatris Board and committees are structured to provide effective oversight and direction to our management team. Viatris has: An independent Chair of the Board (see page 24 ). A Board committee structure that supports comprehensive review and oversight of corporate strategy ; management and performance; enterprise, operational, and commercial risk management; culture and human capital management; global drug pricing and commercialization; environmental and corporate sustainability matters; information security; and global developments, among many other matters (see pages 27 to 30 ) . An active Board refreshment process that seeks to identify a diverse talent pool of qualified candidates for consideration (see pages 30 to 31 ) . The Board has appointed seven new Directors since December 2022. The following standing Board committees: Audit, Compensation, Compliance and Risk Oversight, Executive, Finance, Governance and Sustainability, and Science and Technology . Board members who have a variety of experience and expertise (see page 8 ) and broad access to multiple levels of Company employees as well as external experts. In addition, we believe that Viatris incorporation in Delaware further supports our shareholder-centric model. Our corporate governance structure includes, among other things: A one share, one vote single common stock class structure; A declassified board and annual elections for all Directors; A majority voting standard for uncontested Director elections, with a Director resignation provision as well as a majority vote requirement for other items to be voted on by shareholders (including amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws); and Proxy access for Director nominations that gives eligible shareholders (those who have continuously held shares of our common stock for at least three years, among other requirements) the ability to nominate and include in our proxy materials candidates for election to the Board. For additional information regarding Board governance and oversight, please see pages 24 to 25 . 6 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Viatris Board of Directors Board Overview Viatris remains committed to board refreshment and strong corporate governance. In particular, the Board has appointed seven new Directors since December 2022 and elected an independent Chair in 2023. The Board and the Governance and Sustainability Committee believe that each of our Director nominees possesses the qualifications, experience, judgment, leadership, and business skills necessary to provide robust oversight of the Company in the complex and evolving healthcare environment in which we operate. We believe our seven newest Directors have added further strength to important areas of expertise for the Board, including members with strong scientific, regulatory, accounting, financial, legal and management experience. As discussed on pages 30 to 31 and page 37 and as set forth in our Corporate Governance Principles, the Board seeks to identify, subject to and in accordance with applicable law, a diverse talent pool of qualified candidates for consideration as part of the Board s refreshment and succession planning. The Board also seeks to combine the skills and experience of its long-standing Board members with the fresh perspectives, insights, skills, and experiences of new members. In connection with its most recent refreshment efforts, the Board specifically sought individuals with C-suite level and/or pharmaceutical experience. The Board believes that varied experiences and perspectives help drive innovation and serve Viatris mission, both at the Board level and in management. The Diversity and Inclusion Policy of the Viatris Board, which is available on our website at https://www.viatris.com/en/About-Us/Corporate-Governance, formalizes this long-standing commitment, in all cases subject to and in accordance with applicable law, to fostering a culture of inclusion and seeking, supporting, valuing, and leveraging diversity in the Board s composition with characteristics that the Board believes serve the best interests of the Company and its stakeholders. The Board also continuously reviews and assesses its composition through, among other things, its annual board and committee self-evaluation process. For more information about this process, see Annual Board and Committee Self-Evaluations beginning on page 31 . The following table highlights certain of our Director nominees key skills and experience. A summary of the importance of each key skill and experience is also noted. As discussed in How Our Directors Are Selected and Evaluated on page 37 , our Director nominees key skills and experience are among the factors considered by the Governance and Sustainability Committee in nominating Director candidates. 12 of our 13 Directors, each of whom is being renominated for election at the 2026 Annual Meeting, are independent under the applicable NASDAQ Stock Market ( NASDAQ ) listing rules. 2026 Proxy Statement | 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Viatris Board of Directors Key Director Nominee Statistics Cornwell D Amelio Dillon Finney Groothuis Higgins Kilts Mark Parrish Severino Simmons Smith Vivaldi Totals CEO and Public Company Management Experience Directors who have experience in management at public companies provide valuable expertise on managing interests held among various stakeholders, including, among others, employees, patients, and shareholders 11/13 Corporate Governance/ Corporate Sustainability (CS) Experience Directors with Corporate Governance/CS experience are skilled in the successful operation of board oversight, cognizant of the impact that governance policies have on a public company and/or familiar with oversight of matters related to corporate sustainability 10/13 Finance, Accounting, and Capital Markets Experience Directors with a strong understanding of finance and accounting are essential for the Board to oversee our global financial reporting, internal controls, and capital structure, among other matters 11/13 Global Business Experience Viatris has operations and facilities around the world and, as such, benefits from Directors who have experience working for companies with multinational reach and who provide insight on unique opportunities, challenges, and requirements associated with working across international markets 13/13 Healthcare Industry Experience Directors with experience in the healthcare industry provide valuable perspectives to our Board and management team regarding a broad range of issues and opportunities facing the Company, including industry conditions, product research and development ( R D ), supply chain, customers, sustainable access to medicine, product quality and patient safety, and marketing 10/13 Human Capital Management Experience Attracting, developing, and retaining talent globally are crucial to all aspects of the Company s business, success, and strategy. We continue to build an inclusive culture that inspires leadership and accountability and encourages innovation. Directors with experience in succession planning, executive and/or Director compensation, company culture and/or employee engagement (among other relevant areas) support alignment between the Company s culture with our mission and values 11/13 Information Security Experience Experience in information security, data privacy, cybersecurity, or use of technology to facilitate business operations 5/13 Legal and Regulatory Oversight Experience We operate in an industry that is closely scrutinized and highly regulated. Directors who have experience navigating challenges associated with this environment provide valuable insight to our Board and management team 3/13 Risk Oversight/Compliance Experience Pharmaceutical companies face a variety of complex opportunities, risks, and compliance challenges. Directors who have experience monitoring and creating plans to address risk provide important insights that assist our Board and management in supporting the long-term sustainability of our business 8/13 Strategy and M A Experience Viatris Directors assist in developing the Company s successful differentiated strategy, both organically and through strategic and opportunistic acquisitions 13/13 8 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Viatris Board of Directors Director Nominee Attributes 2026 Proxy Statement | 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors The first item for consideration at the 2026 Annual Meeting is the election of 13 Director nominees. The Board has, upon the recommendation of our Governance and Sustainability Committee, nominated W. Don Cornwell, Frank D Amelio, JoEllen Lyons Dillon, Elisha Finney, Leo Groothuis, Melina Higgins, James M. Kilts, Richard Mark, Mark Parrish, Michael Severino, M.D., David Simmons, Scott A. Smith, and Rog rio Vivaldi Coelho, M.D. (the Nominees ) for re-election at our 2026 Annual Meeting. If re-elected, each Nominee will serve as a Director until our 2027 annual meeting of shareholders and until their successor is duly elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation, removal or retirement. The Board and the Governance and Sustainability Committee have carefully evaluated the experience, structure, culture, operation, interactions, collaboration, and performance of the full Board; the talents, expertise, and contributions of individual Directors; the Board s leadership; the integration and evolution of the Company; the Board s critical role in governance, risk oversight, and continuing to support the strategic direction of the Company; the Board s ability to respond to the continued change and disruption in the healthcare industry; anticipated future opportunities and challenges facing the Company; and the Board s ongoing commitment to shareholder value creation and long-term sustainability for the benefit of shareholders and other stakeholders. Based on these considerations, among others, Viatris Board recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the Nominees. The Board s general criteria for nomination to the Board are set forth in How Our Directors Are Selected and Evaluated on page 37 . Information about each Nominee s specific experience, qualifications, attributes or skills that led the Board to conclude that he or she should be re-elected as a Director is set forth below on pages 11 to 23 . Each Nominee is currently on Viatris Board and each has consented to act as a Director if elected at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Board Recommendation Viatris Board recommends a vote FOR the election of each Nominee. 10 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Directors Nominated for Election at the 2026 Annual Meeting Age: 78* Director since 2020 Independent Director Board Committees: Audit Compliance and Risk Oversight Governance and Sustainability W. Don Cornwell Vice Chair (2009), Founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer (1988 - 2009), Granite Broadcasting Corporation Chief Operating Officer ( COO ), Corporate Finance Department (1980 - 1988), Vice President, Investment Banking (1976 - 1988); joined the company in 1971, Goldman, Sachs Co. Key Skills and Experience: CEO and Public Company Management, Corporate Governance, Finance, Accounting, and Capital Markets, Global Business, and Strategy and M A Experience developed during his various executive roles, more specifically during his years at Goldman Sachs, where he engaged in public and private financing and advised mergers and acquisitions ( M A ) transactions for publicly traded and privately owned companies, and further advanced through his founding and leadership of Granite Broadcasting Human Capital Management and Information Security Experience gained while serving as the COO of the Corporate Finance Department of the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs where he was responsible for the management of the department including building the operational infrastructure information technology ( IT ), document production, training, and recruiting while the department of over 150 investment banking professionals was experiencing significant staffing growth in response to a dramatic increase in the volume of transactions they were handling Mr. Cornwell also brings Healthcare Industry and Legal and Regulatory Oversight Experience to the Board Former Public Company Boards: American International Group, Inc. (NYSE: AIG) (2011 - 2024), Director, and most recently member of the Audit and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees; also previously Chairman of the Compensation and Management Resources Committee Natura Co Holding S.A. (NYSE: NTCO) (2020 - 2023), Director and most recently member of the Corporate Governance Committee Avon Products, Inc. (2002 - 2020 when acquired by Natura), Director and Lead Independent Director, and most recently Chair of the Finance Committee and member of the Audit and Nominating and Governance Committees Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE: PFE) ( Pfizer ) (1997 - the closing of the combination of Mylan N.V. ( Mylan ) with Pfizer s Upjohn business (the Upjohn business ) through a Reverse Morris Trust transaction (the Combination ) in 2020), Director, and most recently Chair of the Regulatory and Compliance Committee and member of the Governance and Sustainability Committee; also, previously Chair of the Audit Committee Other Organizations: Vice Chairman and Lead Director of the Board of Directors, Blue Meridian Partners , a partnership of philanthropists that invests in strategies to impact social problems confronting young people and families in poverty Board of Trustees, Occidental College , and Vice Chair of the Investment Committee Advisory, Orca Biosystems, Inc. , a private biotechnology company developing high-precision cell therapies for the treatment of cancer and autoimmune diseases * The Board, on the recommendation of the Governance and Sustainability Committee, has, in accordance with its Corporate Governance Principles, approved a waiver to the mandatory retirement age for Directors for Mr. Cornwell. The Board determined that such waiver was in the best interests of the Company because of his continued extensive contributions to the Board, his knowledge and familiarity with the acquired Upjohn business, the importance of maintaining continuity of certain legacy Directors given the number of new Directors that the Company has recently onboarded, and the abbreviated period between the 2025 Annual Meeting and the 2026 Annual Meeting as the Company changed to a more standard annual meeting cadence. At the 2025 Annual Meeting, shareholders expressed strong support for Mr. Cornwell continuing to serve on our Board, and he received For votes from 99% of the votes cast for his election. 2026 Proxy Statement | 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Age: 68 Director since 2025 Independent Director Board Committees: Compensation (Chair) Finance Frank D Amelio Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2020 - 2022), management roles of increasing responsibility (2007 2020) including Executive Vice President, Global Supply and Business Operations, Executive Vice President, Business Operations and Global Supply and Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President, Business Operations and Chief Financial Officer, Pfizer (NYSE: PFE), a global pharmaceutical company Senior Vice President of Integration and Chief Administrative Officer (2006 - 2007), Alcatel-Lucent , a global telecommunications equipment company Held management roles of increasing responsibility (2001 - 2006) including COO and Executive Vice President, Administration and Chief Financial Officer, Lucent Technologies Inc. ( Lucent ), a global telecommunications equipment company that was acquired by Alcatel SA in 2006 Key Skills and Experience: CEO and Public Company Management, Finance, Accounting, and Capital Markets, Global Business , and Strategy and M A Experience developed during his various executive roles at Pfizer where, during his tenure, he led many acquisitions and partnerships valued at nearly $200 billion in the aggregate, including numerous transformative transactions, and oversaw the company s IT function and global supply chain Human Capital Management gained while serving as the COO at Lucent Mr. D Amelio also brings Healthcare Industry Experience to the Board Other Current Public Company Boards: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (NYSE: HPE) (since 2023), Director and member of the Audit and Finance and Investment Committees, and Chair of the Integration Committee Humana Inc. (NYSE: HUM) (since 2003), Director, Chair of the Audit Committee, and member of the Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee Zoetis Inc. (NYSE: ZTS) (since 2012), Director, Chair of the Human Resources Committee and member of the Audit Committee Current Private Company Boards: EntityRisk, Inc. (since 2023), Director Sail Biomedicines, Inc. (since 2024), Director Former Public Company Boards: Catalent Inc. (NYSE: CTLT) (2023 - 2024), Director and member of the Compensation and Leadership and Quality and Regulatory Compliance Committees Other Organizations: Director, Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson s Research Strategic Advisor, Formation Bio (since 2025) CFO-in-residence and independent advisor, Deloitte Touch LLP CFO Program (2023 - 2024) 12 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Age: 62 Director since 2020 Independent Director Board Committees: Audit Compensation Executive Governance and Sustainability (Chair) JoEllen Lyons Dillon Executive Vice President, Strategic Developments and Capital Markets (2014 - 2017); Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, The ExOne Company (2013 - 2017). ExOne merged with Desktop Metal (NYSE: DM) in November 2021. ExOne was a global provider of three-dimensional (3D) printing machines and printed products, materials, and other services to industrial customers creating products in metal on a worldwide basis Partner (2002 - 2011), Reed Smith LLP , a law firm Partner (1997 - 2002), Buchanan Ingersoll Rooney PC , a law firm (joined the firm in 1988) Key Skills and Experience: Public Company Management, Corporate Governance, Finance, Accounting, and Capital Markets, Global Business, Human Capital Management, Information Security, Legal and Regulatory Oversight, Risk Oversight/Compliance, and Strategy and M A Experience gained during her almost 25-year legal career in corporate M A and securities, where she represented both public and private companies in a variety of complex matters, and further developed while at ExOne, where she was responsible for capital markets development, corporate strategic planning, human resources, global compliance, investor relations, and international business development within Europe and Asia, through which she became a thought leader in the areas of corporate governance, legal and regulatory oversight, capital markets, and M A and is regularly invited to speak at major conferences, including, among others, the 2024, 2025, and 2026 Stanford Directors College, and the Society for Corporate Governance 2025 Eastern Regional Conference, on such topics Ms. Dillon also brings CS Experience obtained through her legal and regulatory background, in addition to ongoing education programs Completed certification Board Governance: Navigating Emerging Technologies and More in a Complex World at Cornell University in November 2023 Former Public Company Boards: World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. (2022 - 2023) (now known as World Wrestling, LLC), Director Mylan (2014 - the closing of the Combination in 2020), Director, most recently Chair of the Compensation and Governance and Nominating Committees and member of the Audit, Compliance, and Executive Committees Other Organizations: Trustee, S. K. Rockwell Conservation Fund, a non-profit corporation established with the principal concept to preserve and enhance environmental resources 2026 Proxy Statement | 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Age: 64 Director since 2022 Independent Director Board Committees: Audit Finance Elisha Finney Executive Vice President (2012 - 2017), Chief Financial Officer (April 1999 - May 2017), Senior Vice President (2005 - 2012), Vice President of Finance (1999 - 2005), joined the company in 1988, Varian Medical Systems, Inc. Key Skills and Experience: Public Company Management, Corporate Governance, Finance, Accounting, and Capital Markets, Healthcare Industry, Human Capital Management, Information Security, and Risk Oversight/Compliance Experience gained during her time at Varian Medical Systems, where she oversaw corporate accounting, corporate communications and investor relations, internal audit, risk management, tax and treasury, and corporate information systems, and helped the company grow to be a world-leading manufacturer of medical devices and software for treating cancer and other medical conditions Ms. Finney also brings Global Business and Strategy and M A Experience to the Board Other Current Public Company Boards: Mettler-Toledo International Inc. (NYSE: MTD) (since 2017), Director and Chair of the Audit Committee ICU Medical, Inc. (NASDAQ: ICUI) (since 2016), Director, Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee, and member of the Audit and Compliance Committee Former Public Company Boards: NanoString Technologies, Inc. (2017 - 2024), Director and Chair of the Audit Committee iRobot Corporation (NASDAQ: IRBT) (2017 - 2021), Director and member of the Audit and Compensation and Talent Committees Cutera, Inc. (NASDAQ: CUTR) (2017 - 2019), Director, Chair of the Audit Committee, and member of the Enterprise Risk Committee Altera Corporation (2011 - 2015 when acquired by Intel Corporation), Director and Chair of the Audit Committee Thoratec Corporation (2007 - 2013), Director and Chair of the Audit Committee 14 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Age: 53 Director since 2023 Independent Director Board Committees: Compliance and Risk Oversight Executive Governance and Sustainability Leo Groothuis General Counsel (2022 - present), HAL Holding N.V. , a public international investment company listed on the Amsterdam stock exchange, which is focused on increasing shareholder value Partner (2006 - 2022), NautaDutilh , a law firm (joined the firm in October 1996) Key Skills and Experience: Corporate Governance, Global Business, Legal and Regulatory Oversight, Risk Oversight/Compliance, and Strategy and M A Experience acquired during his legal career at NautaDutilh, where he had been a trusted C-suite and board advisor to some of the largest companies in both Europe and the U.S., which resulted in him being recognized as a top lawyer and thought leader in corporate governance, capital markets, and M A for the guidance he had provided to numerous multi-national private and public companies on significant complex strategic transactions Mr. Groothuis also brings CS Experience obtained through his active involvement in the development and execution of HAL Holding's CS strategies Current Private Company Boards: Non-executive Director (since 2025), Koppert Group B.V., a private company that provides natural solutions to cultivate healthier and safer agricultural crops Other Organizations: Director, Stichting Continuiteit IHC and B.V. Finance Continuiteit IHC , Dutch entities that together are the sole shareholders of Royal IHC, a private international shipbuilding company 2026 Proxy Statement | 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Age: 58 Director since 2020 Chair of the Board and Independent Director Board Committees: Executive (Chair) Finance (Chair) Melina Higgins Held senior roles of increasing responsibility including Partner (2002 - 2010) and Managing Director (2001 - 2010) and served as a member of the Investment Committee of the Principal Investment Area, Head of the Americas for Private Debt, and co-Chairperson of the Investment Advisory Committee for GS Mezzanine Partners funds, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE: GS) Key Skills and Experience: Corporate Governance, Finance, Accounting, and Capital Markets, Global Business, Risk Oversight/Compliance, and Strategy and M A Experience obtained during her nearly 20 years at Goldman Sachs, where she built and led a successful investment business and became well-versed in portfolio management, assessing market risks and building businesses, especially during her time as a member of Goldman s Investment Committee of the Principal Investment Area, one of the largest alternative asset managers in the world, where she oversaw and approved global private equity and private debt investments Ms. Higgins also brings Human Capital Management Experience , including compensation and succession planning, to the Board Other Current Public Company Boards: Genworth Financial Inc . (NYSE: GNW) (since 2013), non-executive Chair (since 2021) and member of the Audit and Management Development Compensation Committees Current Private Company Boards: Director and non-executive chair of the Board (since 2016), Antares Capital Management LLC. , a private limited liability company that provides financing solutions for middle market, private equity-backed transactions Former Public Company Boards: Mylan (2013 - the closing of the Combination in 2020), Director, most recently Chair of the Finance Committee, and member of the Audit, Compensation, and Executive Committees NextGen Acquisition Corp. II (March 2021 until its merger with Virgin Orbit in December 2021) (a special purpose acquisition company), Director, Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and member of the Audit and Compensation Committees Other Organizations: Member, Women s Leadership Board of Harvard University s John F. Kennedy School of Government 16 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Age: 78* Director since 2020 Independent Director Board Committees: Compensation Finance James M. Kilts Founding Partner (since 2006), Centerview Capital , a private equity firm Special Advisor to the Board (2023), Co-Chief Executive Officer (2021 - 2023), Conyers Park III Acquisition Corp. (a special purpose acquisition company) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (2001 - 2005 when it merged with The Procter Gamble Company), President (2003 - 2005), The Gillette Company President and Chief Executive Officer (1998 - 2000 when it was acquired by The Philip Morris Companies), Nabisco Group Holdings Corporation Key Skills and Experience: CEO and Public Company Management, Corporate Governance, Finance, Accounting, and Capital Markets, Global Business, and Strategy and M A Experience acquired during his more than 40 years leading a range of multi-national companies and iconic brands, where he is credited with building domestic and international strategies to increase sales and successfully overseeing organizations through significant M A activity resulting in him being sought out for his business expertise and advice Mr. Kilts also brings Healthcare Industry and Human Capital Management Experience to the Board Other Current Public Company Boards: Advantage Solutions Inc. (NASDAQ: ADV) (since 2020 when it combined with Conyers Park II Acquisition Corp.), non-executive Chairman and previously Lead Director The Simply Good Foods Company (NASDAQ: SMPL) (since 2017), Chairman and member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Former Public Company Boards: Unifi Inc. (NYSE: UFI) (2016 - 2022), Director and most recently member of the Compensation Committee Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) (2007 - the closing of the Combination in 2020), Director and most recently member of the Compensation Committee Conyers Park II Acquisition Corp. (2019 to 2020 when it combined with Advantage Solutions Inc.), Executive Chairman MetLife, Inc. (NYSE: MET) (2005 - 2020), Director, most recently Chair of the Compensation Committee and member of the Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee The Procter Gamble Company (NYSE: PG) (2005 - 2006), Director Conyers Park Acquisition Corporation (2016 - 2017 when it merged with The Simply Good Foods Company), Chairman Nielsen Holdings plc , (NYSE: NLSN) (2006 - 2017) Non-executive Director and (2011 - 2013) Chairman Nielsen Company B.V. (2009 - 2014), Chairman MeadWestvaco Corporation (2006 - 2014), Director * The Board, on the recommendation of the Governance and Sustainability Committee, has, in accordance with its Corporate Governance Principles, approved a waiver to the mandatory retirement age for Directors for Mr. Kilts. The Board determined that such waiver was in the best interests of the Company because of his continued extensive contributions to the Board, his knowledge and familiarity with the acquired Upjohn business, the importance of maintaining continuity of certain legacy Directors given the number of new Directors that the Company has recently onboarded, and the abbreviated period between the 2025 Annual Meeting and the 2026 Annual Meeting as the Company changed to a more standard annual meeting cadence. At the 2025 Annual Meeting, shareholders expressed strong support for Mr. Kilts continuing to serve on our Board, and he received For votes from 98% of the votes cast for his election. 2026 Proxy Statement | 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Age: 72 Director since 2020 Independent Director Board Committees: Audit* (Chair) Compliance and Risk Oversight Executive Finance Richard Mark, C.P.A. Partner (2002 - 2015), Deloitte Touche LLP ( Deloitte ) Audit Partner (1988 - 2002), Audit Manager (1981 - 1988), Senior Auditor (1977 - 1981), Arthur Andersen Co. Key Skills and Experience: Public Company Management, Corporate Governance, Finance, Accounting, and Capital Markets, Global Business, Risk Oversight/Compliance, and Strategy and M A Experience gained over his extensive career auditing financial statements of public and private companies, consulting on financial issues with companies, and performing transaction diligence on behalf of financial and strategic buyers Mr. Mark also brings Healthcare Industry and Information Security Experience to the Board Other Current Public Company Boards: Six funds/business development companies in the Goldman Sachs Fund Complex (Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. ( GSBDC ) (NYSE: GSBD) (since 2020), Director, Chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Compliance, Governance and Nominating, and Contract Review Committees; Goldman Sachs Private Credit Corp. (since 2022), Director, Chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Compliance, Governance and Nominating, and Contract Review Committees, Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit II LLC (since 2025), Director, Chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Governance and Nominating Committee, Compliance Committee, and Contract Review Committee, West Bay BDC LLC (since 2025), Director, Chair of the Audit Committee, and member of the Governance and Nominating Committee, Compliance Committee, and Contract Review Committee, Phillip Street Middle Market Lending Fund LLC (since 2026), Director and Audit Committee Chair, and Silver Capital Holdings LLC (since 2026), Director and Audit Committee Chair) Former Public Company Boards: Mylan (2019 - the closing of the Combination in 2020), Director and most recently member of the Audit and Finance Committees Funds/Business Development Companies in the Goldman Sachs Fund Complex (Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. (2016 - 2020 when it merged with GSBDC), Director, most recently Chair of the Audit Committee and member of Compliance, Governance and Nominating, and Contract Review Committees and Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II (2020 - 2025 when it merged with Goldman Sachs Private Credit Corp), Director, Chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Compliance, Governance and Nominating, and Contract Review Committees) Katy Industries, Inc . (2015 - 2016), Chairman and most recently member of the Audit Committee Former Private Company Boards: Northwestern Memorial Healthcare (2014 - 2015), Director and member of the Executive and Nominating and Governance Committees Cadence Health (1993 - 2014 when it merged with Northwestern), Director Other Organizations: Director and Chair of the Finance Committee, Home Centered Care Institute, a not-for-profit corporation, which promotes access to home-based primary care for medically complex patients who are either homebound or home-limited Former Director, Almost Home Kids, a not-for-profit corporation affiliated with Lurie Children s Hospital of Chicago, a provider of transitional care to children with complicated health needs, training for their families, and respite care * The Board has, in accordance with its Corporate Governance Principles, approved Mr. Mark s concurrent service on the Audit Committee and the audit committees of more than two other public companies and determined that such service does not impair his ability to effectively serve on the Audit Committee, particularly given that all of the other audit committees Mr. Mark serves on are part of the Goldman Sachs Fund Complex. 18 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Age: 70 Director since 2020 Vice Chair of the Board and Independent Director Board Committees: Compliance and Risk Oversight (Chair) Executive Governance and Sustainability Science and Technology Mark Parrish Former Senior Advisor, Frazier Healthcare Ventures , a healthcare-oriented growth equity firm Executive Vice Chairman (2018 - 2019), Chief Executive Officer (2008 - 2018), Executive Chairman (2008 - 2013), TridentUSA Health Services , a provider of mobile X-ray and laboratory services to the long-term care industry. In February 2019, TridentUSA filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and emerged from bankruptcy in September 2019 Held management roles of increasing responsibility (1993 - 2007) including Chief Executive Officer, Healthcare Supply Chain Services (2006 - 2007), Cardinal Health Inc. and its affiliates Key Skills and Experience: CEO and Public Company Management, Corporate Governance, Finance, Accounting, and Capital Markets, Healthcare Industry, Risk Oversight/Compliance, and Strategy and M A Experience obtained over his many years in leadership positions in the healthcare industry, where he gained extensive expertise in managing governmental oversight, as well as experience in business restructuring and M A CS Experience obtained through his public company and executive experience and his work in the heavily regulated healthcare industry Mr. Parrish also brings Global Business , Human Capital Management, and Information Security Experience to the Board Other Current Public Company Boards: Omnicell, Inc. (NASDAQ: OMCL) (since 2013), Director, and member of the Audit and Compensation Committees Current Private Company Boards: Safecor Health, LLC (since 2022), a private limited liability company that provides unit dose drug packaging services to hospitals and long-term care facilities, Executive Chair (since 2025) Former Public Company Boards: Mylan (2009 - the closing of the Combination in 2020), most recently Lead Independent Director and Vice Chairman, Chair of the Compliance Committee and member of the Audit, Executive, Governance and Nominating, and Risk Oversight Committees Former Private Company Boards: Comprehensive Pharmacy Services (2019 - 2023), a private company that specializes in the outsourcing of hospital pharmacies, Director Golden State Medical Supply (2014 - 2019 when it was acquired by Court Square), a private company that specializes in meeting unique labeling and sizing needs and pharmaceutical packaging, serialization, and distribution, Director Silvergate Pharmaceuticals (2013 - 2019), a private company that develops and commercializes pediatric medications, Director Other Organizations: President and Chief Executive Officer (2008-2025), International Federation of Pharmaceutical Wholesalers, an association of pharmaceutical wholesalers and pharmaceutical supply chain service companies 2026 Proxy Statement | 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Age: 60 Director since 2025 Independent Director Board Committees: Audit Science and Technology (Chair) Michael Severino, M.D. Chief Executive Officer (since 2022), Tessera Therapeutics, Inc. ( Tessera ), a private biotechnology company focused on genome engineering CEO-Partner (since 2022), Flagship Pioneering, Inc. a life sciences venture capital company Held management roles of increasing responsibility (2014 - 2022) including Vice Chairman and President, (2018 - 2022), AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV), a pharmaceutical company Held management roles of increasing responsibility (2004 - 2014) including Senior Vice President, Global Development, and Chief Medical Officer (2012 - 2014), Amgen Inc. (Nasdaq: AMGN), a pharmaceutical company Key Skills and Experience: CEO and Public Company Management, Finance, Accounting, and Capital Markets, Global Business, and Strategy and M A Experience developed during his various executive roles where he oversaw research and clinical development projects, financial reporting and capital markets activity, along with leading business development initiatives, along with all other aspects of company management Human Capital Management gained as the Chief Executive Officer of Tessera Dr. Severino also brings Healthcare Industry Experience to the Board Other Current Public Company Boards: Avantor, Inc. (NYSE: AVTR) (since 2020), Director and Chair of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee and member of the Science and Technology Committee Other Current Private Company Boards: Tessera (since 2022), Director Montai Therapeutics, Inc. (since 2023), Director Quotient Therapeutics, Inc. (since 2023), Director Other Organizations: Former Trustee, The Field Museum of Natural History 20 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Age: 61 Director since 2025 Independent Director Board Committees: Compensation Science and Technology David Simmons Chief Executive Officer (since 2023), Caliber Holdings Corporation , a private multi-site operator of auto body collision repair centers ( Caliber ) Senior Advisor (since 2012), Abingworth LLP , a life sciences venture capital firm Operating Partner (2022 - 2023), Hellman Friedman, LLC , a private equity firm Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (2012 -2022) PPD, Inc. , a global contract pharmaceutical research organization acquired by Themo Fisher Scientific Inc. in 2021 President and General Manager, Emerging Markets and Established Products (2010 - 2012), management roles of increasing responsibility (1996 - 2010), including President and General Manager, Established Products, President, Pharmaceuticals Eastern Europe, Vice President, Marketing Canada, President, Pharmaceuticals Greece, Cyprus and Malta Affiliates, Pfizer Key Skills and Experience: CEO and Public Company Management, Global Business, Healthcare Industry , and Strategy and M A Experience developed during his various executive roles, giving him significant knowledge and insights regarding the global pharmaceutical industry, drug development and capital markets; along with direct experience with our established products portfolio from his days overseeing that division while at Pfizer Human Capital Management gained as the Chief Executive Officer of Caliber Other Current Private Company Boards: Cordis (since 2022), Director Former Private Company Boards: Launch Therapeutics, Inc. (2022 - 2025), Chairman Curia Global, Inc. (2018 - 2020), Director Medline Industries, Inc. (2022 - 2024), Director Former Public Company Boards: PPD (2012 - 2022 following its acquisition by Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.), Chairman Owens Minor, Inc. (NYSE: OMI) (2013 - 2018), Director Other Organizations: Trustee, David and Melissa Simmons Family Foundation Trustee, The Linsly School 2026 Proxy Statement | 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Age: 63 Director since 2022 Chief Executive Officer and Director Board Committees: Science and Technology Scott A. Smith Chief Executive Officer (since April 2023), Viatris President (2018 - 2023), BioAtla, Inc. (NASDAQ: BCAB) ( BioAtla ), a global biotechnology company focused on the development of Conditionally Active Biologics antibody therapeutics Served as an executive (2008 - 2018), rising up the ranks from SVP and Global Head of Immunology to President of Inflammation and Immunology and then, beginning in 2017, President and COO, Celgene Corporation, a global biopharmaceutical company Key Skills and Experience: Public Company Management, Corporate Governance, Global Business, Healthcare Industry, Risk Oversight/Compliance, and Strategy and M A Experience acquired during his more than 35 years in the healthcare industry, which has resulted in him possessing vast global commercial and pharmaceutical expertise and a proven ability to build, grow, and manage large complex organizations utilizing his substantial experience in developing and executing regulatory, clinical, and business development strategies as displayed by his time at BioAtla, where he built a clinical development structure that moved multiple assets from investigational new drug applications into late stage clinical development, drove the company s long-term strategic operational plan, and led all business development activities, and, prior to that, his time at Celgene where he led the company s oncology, inflammation, and immunology franchise, commercial operations, and clinical development Mr. Smith also brings Finance, Accounting, and Capital Markets and Human Capital Management Experience to the Board Other Current Public Company Boards: BioAtla (since 2020), Director Former Public Company Boards: Apexigen, Inc. (2019 - 2023 when it was acquired by Pyxis Oncology, Inc.), Director and most recently member of the Compensation and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committees Titan Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: TTNP) (2017 - 2020), Director and Chair of the Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees Former Private Company Boards: Triumvira Immunologics, Inc. (2018 - 2023), Director and Chairman Refuge Biotechnologies, Inc. (2018 - 2022), Director F-star Therapeutics, Inc. (2018 - 2020), Chairman and member of the Audit and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees 22 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Age: 62 Director since 2024 Independent Director Board Committees: Compliance and Risk Oversight Science and Technology Rog rio Vivaldi Coelho, M.D. Founder and Chief Executive Officer (since 2024), Vivaldi Rare , a provider of pharma and biotech consulting services President and Chief Executive Officer (2018 - 2023 when it was acquired by Eli Lilly and Company), Sigilon Therapeutics, Inc. , a diabetes cell therapy company Executive Vice President and Chief Global Therapeutics Officer (2016 - 2018 when it was acquired by Sanofi), Bioverativ Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company focused on therapies for hemophilia and other rare blood disorders Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer (2014 - 2016), Spark Therapeutics, Inc. , a gene therapy company Chief Executive Officer (2013 - 2014), Minerva Neurosciences, Inc. , a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of product candidates to treat patients suffering from central nervous system diseases Earlier in his career, held positions of increasing responsibility including leading rare disease business as President of both the rare disease business and the renal and endocrine group and served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Latin America Group, Genzyme Corporation Key Skills and Experience: CEO and Public Company Management, Corporate Governance, Finance, Accounting, and Capital Markets, Healthcare Industry, Risk Oversight/Compliance, and Strategy and M A Experience obtained over his many years in leadership positions in the healthcare industry, where he gained extensive experience leading and managing commercial, marketing, and sales operations, managing patient access initiatives, and leading the successful approval of innovative medicines Dr. Vivaldi also brings Global Business and Human Capital Management Experience to the Board Other Current Public Company Boards: Crinetics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: CRNX) (since 2022), Director and member of the Audit Committee and the Research and Development Committee Former Public Company Boards: Sigilon Therapeutics, Inc. (2018 - 2023 when it was acquired by Eli Lilly and Company), Director Minerva Neurosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: NERV) (2013 - 2014), Director Former Private Company Boards: Spark Therapeutics, Inc. (2014), Director 2026 Proxy Statement | 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Director Independence Viatris Board has determined that Mr. Cornwell, Mr. D Amelio, Ms. Dillon, Ms. Finney, Mr. Groothuis, Ms. Higgins, Mr. Kilts, Mr. Mark, Mr. Parrish, Dr. Severino, Mr. Simmons, and Dr. Vivaldi are independent Directors under the applicable NASDAQ listing rules. Mr. Smith is not an independent Director under applicable NASDAQ listing rules. Viatris Board had previously determined that Harry Korman, who served on the Board until December 15, 2025, was independent under the applicable NASDAQ listing rules and that Rajiv Malik, who served on the Board until December 15, 2025, was not an independent Director under the applicable NASDAQ listing rules. How Our Board Governs and Is Governed Viatris Board Structure As set forth in our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), the Company has a majority vote standard for Director elections in the event of an uncontested election and a plurality standard in the event of a contested election. The Bylaws also provide that if a nominee for Director who is an incumbent is not elected and no successor has been elected at such meeting, the Director shall promptly tender their irrevocable resignation to the Board, such resignation to be effective upon acceptance by the Board. All Directors are submitted for election at each annual meeting of shareholders. The Board has selected a leadership and management structure that it believes is best suited to meet the needs of the Company and our shareholders. The flexibility to make these decisions serves the interests of the Company and its shareholders, as the Board is best positioned to evaluate the optimal leadership structure for the Company based upon the respective talents of the individual Directors and the Company s leadership team, strategic objectives, and challenges and opportunities over time. Our Board Structure The Board believes that its current leadership structure Mr. Smith as CEO and Ms. Higgins as independent Chair provides a clear delineation of responsibilities for each position and fosters greater accountability of management, which remain critical given our enduring focus on execution and results. The Board believes this structure allows the CEO to continue to focus on running the Company on a day-to-day basis while allowing the independent Chair to lead the Board in providing advice to, and independent oversight of, management. As set forth below, the independent Chair also has significant authority for all Board matters and serves as Chair of the Executive Committee. As described in Setting and Overseeing Strategy on pages 32 to 33 , the Board actively discusses, determines, and oversees the Company s strategic initiatives and priorities. The Board believes that Ms. Higgins skills and experience detailed on page 16 as well as her deep knowledge of the Company make her an invaluable leader of the Board and resource to the CEO and management. The independent Chair determines the information sent to the Board, the Board s meeting agendas, and meeting schedules to assure that the Board is properly informed with respect to agenda items in advance and that there is sufficient time for discussion of agenda items at the meetings. The independent Chair presides at all meetings of shareholders and serves as point person for shareholders wishing to communicate with the Board. The independent Chair also presides at executive sessions of the independent Directors and has the authority to call meetings of the independent Directors. As set forth in the Corporate Governance Principles, the independent Chair is responsible for appointing a Director to serve as Vice Chair. The Vice Chair serves on the Executive Committee and, in the absence of the Chair, presides over Board meetings. Ms. Higgins has appointed Mr. Parrish to serve as Vice Chair of the Board. Mr. Smith is tasked with leading the daily management and performance of the business, which include, among other responsibilities, managing our structure and resources to deliver sustainable value to patients, shareholders, customers, and other key stakeholders. He is also responsible for building and executing on the Company s strategic imperatives to: drive our base business by shifting our generics portfolio toward higher-margin products and strengthening our established 24 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors brands portfolio; fuel our innovative portfolio by advancing our internal pipeline and adding high-value growth assets through disciplined business development; and modernize for sustainable growth by investing in the technology, data and talent capabilities that will power our long-term success. Among the factors that demonstrate the Board s commitment to good governance and enable it to provide highly effective oversight and direction are: Other than Mr. Smith, the Board and nominees are all independent Directors; An independent Chair of the Board; The Audit, Compensation, Compliance and Risk Oversight, Executive, Finance, and Governance and Sustainability Committees are composed entirely of independent Directors (as defined in the applicable NASDAQ listing rules and applicable Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules), and Board approval of any appointment of members to the Audit, Compensation, Compliance and Risk Oversight, and Governance and Sustainability Committees must include an affirmative vote by at least a majority of the independent Directors; The Board operates pursuant to Corporate Governance Principles, which are reviewed by the Governance and Sustainability Committee at least annually ; All standing committees operate pursuant to written charters and conduct annual self-assessments; The Board formed a non-standing Strategic Review Committee to, among other items, oversee management s efforts with respect to the Company s enterprise-wide strategic review, supporting identification of opportunities from across the Company to optimize the organizational structure, sharpen the resource allocation and increase operational efficiency that are expected to deliver meaningful net cost savings while enabling reinvestment in areas that enhance the growth profile and long-term competitiveness of the Company; The Compliance and Risk Oversight Committee assists the Board in its oversight of management s efforts with respect to the Company s enterprise risk framework, and infrastructure and controls . The Committee receives reports, including with respect to risks, risk management, and relevant legislative, regulatory, and technical developments, from senior management on data security, cybersecurity, information security-related matters, certain litigation-related topics, and other topics on at least a quarterly basis. The Board and its other committees also have important roles in the oversight of risk as described in more detail in Risk Oversight beginning on page 34 ; The Governance and Sustainability Committee, in addition to its responsibilities for overseeing corporate governance and succession planning, among other matters, oversees management s efforts with respect to corporate environmental and social responsibility matters . The Committee receives reports on these matters on at least a quarterly basis; The independent Directors on the Board and its committees receive extensive information and input from multiple layers of management and external advisors, engage in discussion and analysis regarding matters brought before them (including in executive session), and actively engage in the development and approval of significant corporate strategies; The Board and its committees have full access to officers and employees of the Company; and The Board and its committees have the authority to select, retain, and supervise advisors as necessary to fulfill their mandates. Meetings of Viatris Board Viatris Board met 11 times in 2025. In addition to meetings of the Board, Directors attended meetings of individual Board committees of which they were members, and with the exception of Mr. Simmons who joined the Board on August 4, 2025 and had earlier notified the Board of conflicting prior commitments, all Directors standing for re-election attended greater than 75% of the aggregate of Board meetings and meetings of the committees of which they were a member in 2025. Viatris Corporate Governance Principles require the independent Directors of the Board to meet in separate executive sessions periodically, and at least twice annually, during regularly scheduled meetings of the Board, without any 2026 Proxy Statement | 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors non-independent Directors or members of management present. The independent Directors of the Board met seven times in executive session in 2025, with Ms. Higgins, the independent Board Chair, presiding at those executive sessions. Pursuant to Viatris Corporate Governance Principles, Directors are expected to attend the annual meeting of shareholders of the Company, where practicable. Each of our Directors standing for re-election at the 2025 Annual Meeting attended the meeting. Meetings of Viatris Board Committees The standing committees of the Board are the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Compliance and Risk Oversight Committee, the Executive Committee, the Finance Committee, the Governance and Sustainability Committee, and the Science and Technology Committee. Each of these committees operates pursuant to a written charter, a current copy of which, along with our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, and Corporate Governance Principles, is available on Viatris website at https://www.viatris.com/en/About-Us/Corporate-Governance. The Audit, Compensation, Compliance and Risk Oversight, Executive, Finance, and Governance and Sustainability Committees are composed entirely of independent Directors (as defined in the applicable NASDAQ listing rules and applicable SEC rules). Board approval of any Director appointment to the Audit, Compensation, Compliance and Risk Oversight, and Governance and Sustainability Committees must include at least a majority of the independent Directors. The Board has determined that Richard Mark, the Chair of the Audit Committee, is an audit committee financial expert , as that term is defined in the rules of the SEC. In April 2025, the Viatris Board formed a non-standing Strategic Review Committee to oversee the process to explore and evaluate the range of strategic alternatives available to the Company. Management s enterprise-wide strategic review resulted in the identification of opportunities across the Company to optimize its organizational structure, sharpen its resource allocation and increase operational efficiency that are designed to deliver meaningful net cost savings while enabling reinvestment in areas that enhance the growth profile and long-term competitiveness of the Company. The Strategic Review Committee met a total of 8 times in 2025. The original members of the Strategic Review Committee were James M. Kilts (Chair), JoEllen Lyons Dillon, Melina Higgins, Rajiv Malik, and Mark Parrish, and Mr. D Amelio joined the Committee on May 16, 2025. Mr. Malik left the Committee in connection with his retirement from the Board at the 2025 Annual Meeting. Information regarding each of the committees is provided below and on the following pages, and pages 34 to 36 provide additional discussion of committee responsibilities with respect to risk oversight. 26 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors The table below provides the current membership (as of the date of this Proxy Statement) and meeting information for 2025 for each standing Board committee. In 2025, such committees collectively held 49 meetings. Director 1 Audit Compensation Compliance and Risk Oversight Executive Finance Governance and Sustainability Science and Technology W. Don Cornwell Frank D Amelio 2 Chair JoEllen Lyons Dillon Chair Elisha Finney Leo Groothuis Melina Higgins Chair Chair James M. Kilts Richard Mark 3 Chair Mark Parrish 4 Chair Michael Severino, M.D. 5 Chair David Simmons Scott A. Smith Rog rio Vivaldi Coelho, M.D. 6 Meetings during 2025 10 10 5 5 5 9 5 1 Effective immediately after the 2025 Annual Meeting, W. Don Cornwell joined the Governance and Sustainability Committee; Frank D Amelio became Chair of the Compensation Committee; Michael Severino, M.D. joined the Audit Committee and became Chair of the Science and Technology Committee; and David Simmons joined the Compensation Committee and the Science and Technology Committee. 2 Frank D Amelio joined the Finance Committee upon his appointment to the Board in May 2025. 3 The Board has determined that Richard Mark, the Chair of the Audit Committee, is an audit committee financial expert , as that term is defined in the rules of the SEC. 4 Mark Parrish was a member of the Audit Committee until March 7, 2025. 5 Michael Severino, M.D. joined the Science and Technology Committee upon his appointment to the Board in May 2025. 6 Rog rio Vivaldi Coelho, M.D. joined the Compliance and Risk Oversight Committee on March 7, 2025. Audit Committee Members Mr. Mark (Chair) Mr. Cornwell Ms. Dillon Ms. Finney Dr. Severino The Audit Committee s key oversight responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Integrity of the Company s financial statements and its accounting and financial reporting processes Effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting Qualifications, independence, and performance of the independent registered public accounting firm Services to be performed by, and fees payable to, the independent registered public accounting firm Internal Audit group Company processes and procedures related to risk assessment and risk management of financial and disclosure control-related, as well as SEC reporting-related, matters Related party transactions Company compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements (including U.S. federal securities laws) regarding the preceding matters Review of any critical audit matters identified by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with its audit of the Company s annual financial statements 2026 Proxy Statement | 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Compensation Committee Members Mr. D Amelio (Chair) Ms. Dillon Mr. Kilts Mr. Simmons The Compensation Committee s key oversight responsibilities include, but are not limited to: CEO and senior management compensation, including the corporate goals and objectives relevant to such compensation Board and committee compensation Equity compensation plans in which Directors and/or executives participate Compensation and benefits-related disclosures in annual reports and proxy statements Reviewing with management and the Committee s external compensation consultant the relationship between the Company s compensation policies and practices and the Company s risk management with respect to compensation-related matters, including to assess whether any risks arising from compensation practices, policies, and programs for the Company s executive officers and other employees are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company From time to time reviewing reports from management regarding pay equity, human capital management, and succession planning Reviewing and approving the implementation of, or revision to, any clawback or incentive-based compensation recovery policy allowing the Company to recoup compensation paid to the Company s employees and administering and enforcing any such policy consistent with the terms of the policy 28 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Compliance and Risk Oversight Committee Members Mr. Parrish (Chair) Mr. Cornwell Mr. Groothuis Mr. Mark Dr. Vivaldi The Compliance and Risk Oversight Committee s key oversight responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Reviewing the enterprise risk framework, infrastructure, and controls implemented by management to help identify, assess, manage, and monitor material risks Reviewing the Company s efforts to foster a culture of risk-adjusted decision making without constraining reasonable risk-taking and innovation Reviewing significant global compliance-related policies implementing the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or related to the operations of the Company s business, and its mode or methods of doing business, including, for example, policies relating to pricing and/or commercialization of Company products and services Reviewing metrics used by management or requested by the Committee to provide insight into the status and efficacy of the corporate compliance program, including the Company s global compliance systems and organization Reviewing reports of significant actual and alleged violations of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, corporate policies and procedures, and applicable laws and regulations Reviewing checks and balances implemented by the Company designed to support and promote compliance with approved corporate policies, legal rules, and regulations Reviewing, in conjunction with the Chief Legal Officer, the performance, responsibilities, plans, and resources of the Chief Compliance Officer, including appointment and replacement of the Chief Compliance Officer Overseeing the Company s policies and procedures for corporate political and lobbying expenditures Reviewing the organization, responsibilities, plans, and performance of the Global Operations Audit function and reviewing management s exercise of its responsibilities with respect to related matters Reviewing management s exercise of its responsibility to identify, assess, and manage material risks not allocated to the Board or another committee, including, for example, data security programs and cybersecurity and IT Consulting with the Chairs of the other committees at least two times a year to discuss risk-related matters and the Company s enterprise risk management framework Executive Committee Members Ms. Higgins (Chair) Ms. Dillon Mr. Groothuis Mr. Mark Mr. Parrish The Executive Committee s key oversight responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Assisting the Board in fulfilling its fiduciary responsibilities by exercising those powers of the Board not otherwise limited by a resolution of the Board or by law Strategic planning and additional oversight of strategy implementation 2026 Proxy Statement | 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Finance Committee Members Ms. Higgins (Chair) Mr. D Amelio Ms. Finney Mr. Kilts Mr. Mark The Finance Committee s key oversight responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Material mergers, acquisitions, and combinations with other companies Swaps and other derivatives transactions Establishment of credit facilities Potential financings with commercial lenders Issuance and repurchase of the Company s debt, equity, hybrid, or other securities Capital structure, including dividend payments Governance and Sustainability Committee Members Ms. Dillon (Chair) Mr. Cornwell Mr. Groothuis Mr. Parrish The Governance and Sustainability Committee s key oversight responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Corporate governance matters The nomination or re-nomination of Director candidates The Board s review and consideration of shareholder recommendations for, and nominations of, Director candidates The annual self-evaluation of the Board and its committees Director orientation and continuing education programs Evaluating Board composition Reviewing succession planning matters Management s efforts with respect to corporate environmental and social responsibility matters, which are communicated quarterly Science and Technology Committee Members Dr. Severino (Chair) Mr. Parrish Mr. Simmons Mr. Smith Dr. Vivaldi The Science and Technology Committee s key oversight responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Reviewing the overall strategy and direction of the Company s R D program, and report to the Board, at least annually Reviewing presentations regarding significant emerging scientific and technological trends and developments relevant to the Company Board Refreshment and Succession Planning Viatris Board, with the support of the Governance and Sustainability Committee, seeks to identify, subject to and in accordance with applicable law, a diverse talent pool of qualified candidates for consideration as part of the Board s refreshment and succession planning. The Board also seeks to combine the skills and experience of its long-standing Board members with the fresh perspectives, insights, skills, and experiences of new members in support of its belief that it is important for Directors to represent a variety of viewpoints. The Board believes that the personal backgrounds and qualifications of the Directors, considered as a group, should provide a composite mix of experience, knowledge and abilities. The Board is committed to fostering a culture of integrity, inclusion, dignity, and mutual respect. Viatris Board and Governance and Sustainability Committee evaluate Board composition with respect to many factors so that the Board remains well-qualified to provide effective oversight of the Company and management. The Board and the Governance and Sustainability Committee consider Viatris strategy, performance, operations, relevant industry and market conditions, and current and anticipated needs in terms of particular areas of experience and expertise (e.g., risk oversight, 30 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors industry, science), among many other factors, to inform these refreshment practices and decisions. In connection with its refreshment process, the Board specifically sought individuals with C-suite level and/or pharmaceutical experience - areas that align with our strategic imperatives. As we continue to evaluate Board composition, we also work to establish a pool of qualified potential candidates to support our continued refreshment efforts. Viatris Board of Directors has always believed that varied experiences and perspectives help drive innovation and serve Viatris mission, both at the Board level and in management. The Board s Diversity and Inclusion Policy formalizes this long-standing commitment, in all cases subject to and in accordance with applicable law, that the Board believes serve the best interests of the Company and our stakeholders. The Board, in seeking Director candidates, reviews the principles of the policy and also asks its supporting search firms to provide candidates consistent with those principles. The Board and Governance and Sustainability Committee consider this policy and diversity matters generally during their self-evaluations and when nominating Directors for election to the Board, and the Board considers the policy effective in making sure these matters are appropriately considered. The Board has three women members, each of whom is nominated for re-election at the 2026 Annual Meeting, including our independent Chair, and three of our Board committees are chaired by women (Executive; Finance; and Governance and Sustainability). Our current Directors also include one individual that self-identifies as African American or Black, one individual that self-identifies as Hispanic or Latinx, and one individual who self-identifies as White and Asian. In addition, two of our executive officers (Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) and Chief Commercial Officer ( CCO )) are women. As a result of its continued Board refreshment efforts, the Board has appointed seven new Directors since December 2022 and elected an independent Chair in 2023. As part of the Board s ongoing focus on board refreshment, since 2021 a third-party search firm has assisted with identifying potential new Director candidates. After initial screenings and outreach, as well as additional guidance from the Governance and Sustainability Committee, committee members and selected other Directors interviewed potential Director candidates identified by the third-party search firm as well as additional potential Director candidates recommended by Viatris Directors. We will continue to work to establish a pool of qualified potential candidates to support our Board refreshment efforts. Reflecting the critical importance of senior leadership to the success of the Company and its overall business strategy, our Corporate Governance Principles also provide that the Board will work with senior management to provide effective plans for management succession. The Board s goal is to have a long-term and continuous program as well as to have contingency plans in place for emergencies such as an unexpected departure, death, or disability. The Board discusses succession planning regularly at scheduled meetings, including in executive session, as appropriate. These succession planning activities have been and may continue to be supported by independent third-party consultants. The Board prioritizes reviewing and discussing the succession plans for the CEO and each of his direct reports. Management succession planning has been, including with respect to our CEO, CFO, CCO, Chief Administrative and Transformation Officer, Chief Strategy Officer, and Chief Legal Officer appointments, and continues to be among the Board s top priorities. Annual Board and Committee Self-Evaluations The Governance and Sustainability Committee is responsible for overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the Board and its committees and, as part of those self-evaluations, engages an outside facilitator to lead the process. To date, the annual self-evaluations have alternated between using one-on-one interviews by the outside facilitator with each Director (with the outside facilitator then reporting out to the full Board) and a full Board discussion led by the outside facilitator. The self-evaluation process is designed to facilitate ongoing, systematic examination of the Board s and committees effectiveness and accountability, and to identify opportunities for improving operations and procedures. In addition, the self-evaluations are intended to collect the perspectives of each Director, and are guided by use of a questionnaire, prepared by the outside facilitator, reviewed and approved by the Governance and Sustainability Committee and distributed to Directors in advance. The questionnaire includes typical questions used to evaluate a board and its committees with appropriate tailoring for the Company, including, among other topics: Board and committee composition and organization, including the Board s 2026 Proxy Statement | 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors refreshment activities and responsibilities and oversight assigned to each committee; Board and committee leadership and management; Board responsibilities and oversight with respect to topics including, among others, strategic matters, succession planning and risk oversight, corporate sustainability and human capital management; Board and committee culture, administration and materials/resources; and Board, committee and Director performance. Following its discussion with the outside facilitator, the Board discusses potential action items and evolves its processes where appropriate. Setting and Overseeing Strategy The Board actively discusses, determines, and oversees the Company s strategic initiatives and priorities and we believe the Board has demonstrated over time the consistency and natural progression of its strategy despite evolving, challenging, and often unpredictable market conditions. Under the Board s leadership, we have executed various strategic initiatives, transactions, and business arrangements over the last few years to return our base business to growth, deliver on our pipeline, reduce debt and return capital to shareholders. Our future will be guided by three strategic imperatives: Drive the Base Business by executing successful launches, focusing on supply chain continuity, evolving the generics portfolio over time towards more profitable, higher-margin products and strengthening the established brands portfolio. Fuel the Innovative Portfolio by advancing a pipeline of late-stage and in-market growth assets sourced both internally and externally. Modernize for Sustainable Growth by strengthening the technology, data and talent capabilities necessary to support long-term competitiveness in a rapidly evolving healthcare environment. 32 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors 2026 Proxy Statement | 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Risk Oversight Viatris operates in a complex and rapidly changing environment that involves many potential risks. In addition to general market, industry, R D, supply chain, political, financial, and economic risks, the Company faces potential risks related to, among others, executing on and implementing our strategic initiatives and priorities, including divestitures, acquisitions, or other potential transactions; IT and cybersecurity; data privacy; financial controls and reporting; manufacturing and quality; legal, regulatory, and compliance requirements and developments; the global nature of our operations; human capital management; corporate environmental and social responsibility; product portfolio, product development, clinical trials, and commercialization, among others. As a company committed to operating ethically and with integrity, we proactively seek to manage and, where possible, mitigate risks to support compliance with applicable rules and regulations, maintain integrity and continuity in our operations and business, including in support of achieving strategic priorities and long-term financial and operational performance, and protect our assets (financial, intellectual property, and information, among others). Risk management is an enterprise-wide objective and is subject to oversight by the Board and its committees. It is the responsibility of Viatris management and employees to identify material risks to our business and to implement and administer risk management and mitigation processes and programs, while also maintaining reasonable flexibility in how we operate. Our internal audit function coordinates cross functionally to maintain the Company s enterprise risk assessment, including the identification of key and emerging risks, and reviews and refreshes this analysis quarterly with executive management. For each key or emerging risk identified, the Company establishes risk monitoring ownership, from which quarterly updates are collected for executive management and the Compliance and Risk Oversight Committee. The Company s internal risk committee of senior management consists of senior leaders across multiple disciplines, including compliance, corporate affairs, finance, human resources, information security, IT, internal audit, legal, operations, and quality, and meets quarterly to review and discuss risks and trends, which vary across the short-, medium-, and long-term. To further embed risk management and compliance into our culture, Viatris has a robust global corporate compliance program, implements comprehensive policies and procedures, trains employees on how to implement and comply with them, and maintains an extensive program of oversight and audit to support compliance and appropriate enterprise risk management. The Company s risk oversight framework also aligns with our disclosure controls and procedures. For example, the Company s Disclosure Committee reviews the Company s quarterly and annual financial statements and related disclosures. The Disclosure Committee consists of senior management including our CFO, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Administrative and Transformation Officer, Chief Governance Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller, Chief People and Corporate Affairs Officer, and Head of Capital Markets, all of whom participate in the associated risk assessment as described above. The financial statements are also reviewed with the CEO before being reviewed with and approved by the Audit Committee, and filed with the SEC. The Board directly, or through its committees, oversees the implementation of risk management and mitigation processes. The Board and its committees review with management the risk management program and discuss risk assessment matters at least quarterly, as well as during the Board s annual budget review and approval process. Each of our Board committees has full access to officers and employees of the Company, and the Board and committees also meet in executive session without members of management present. The Board and committee Chairs periodically discuss the allocation of specific risk oversight matters between the various Board committees and the Board believes that its current risk oversight structure, as outlined below, assigns particular risk oversight matters to the Board committees that have the appropriate expertise to manage them. The Board also has the authority to form special strategic committees, such as the Strategic Review Committee, if it believes that it would be advisable to oversee significant strategic or other corporate actions, including the risks related thereto. All Board committees also have access to outside advisors in their sole discretion and periodically receive external updates concerning oversight of risks related to the Company and management s efforts to manage risk. The Compliance and Risk Oversight Committee is responsible for appointing and replacing the Company s Chief Compliance Officer, who is responsible for, among other things, the day-to-day management and implementation of the Company s Corporate Compliance Program and who reports to the Compliance and Risk Oversight Committee and the Chief Legal Officer. In addition to meeting with the Company s internal risk committee of senior management, which meets at least quarterly, the Chief Compliance Officer meets at least quarterly with the Audit Committee and the Compliance and Risk Oversight Committee. 34 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors The Board also has approved a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Corporate Controller, and other related policies to help manage and mitigate risk globally. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as well as our Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Corporate Controller are both available on our website at https://www.viatris.com/en/About-Us/Corporate-Governance. The Vice Chair of the Board serves as Chair of the Compliance and Risk Oversight Committee, which also meets at least twice a year with other committee Chairs to discuss risk-related matters and the Company s enterprise risk management framework. While the full Board has retained responsibility for overseeing strategic risks to the business overall, it has delegated oversight of specific risks to its committees as outlined below. Board Committees Role in Risk Oversight The Audit Committee focuses on risks relating to financial and disclosure controls, SEC reporting matters, and oversight of Viatris internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm. The Committee oversees, among other matters, the Company s processes and procedures relating to risk assessment and risk management relating to financial, disclosure, and SEC reporting-related matters, and reviews with management the quality and adequacy of the Company s internal control over financial reporting and the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, including their effectiveness. Viatris internal audit function reports to and meets with the Committee at least quarterly to discuss potential risk or control issues, and the Committee regularly discusses the performance of the internal audit function, and the adequacy of resources available to this function. The Committee also meets quarterly with Viatris independent registered public accounting firm in executive session. The Compensation Committee focuses on the design and administration of compensation-related plans and programs, and reviews with management and its external compensation consultant, at least annually, the relationship between the Company s compensation policies and practices and the Company s risk management with respect to compensation-related matters, including to assess whether any risks arising from compensation practices, policies, and programs for the Company s executive officers and other employees are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Committee receives reports, on at least a quarterly basis, from management and outside advisors regarding compensation-related matters, and considers risk management in determining compensation structure. The Committee also reviews reports from management regarding pay equity and human capital management. The Compliance and Risk Oversight Committee assists the Board in its oversight of Viatris enterprise risk management framework and reviews the enterprise risk framework, infrastructure, and controls implemented by management to help identify, assess, manage, and monitor the Company s material risks; reviews the organization, responsibilities, plans, and performance of the Global Operations Audit function and reviews management s exercise of its responsibilities with respect to related matters; reviews management s exercise of its responsibility to identify, assess, and manage material risks not allocated to the Board or another committee, including, for example, data security programs and cybersecurity and IT; and reviews the Company s efforts to foster a culture of risk-adjusted decision-making without constraining reasonable risk-taking and innovation. Management reviews the Company s enterprise risk management program with the Committee each quarter and discusses the short-, medium-, and long-term matters of focus from a risk management perspective and actions being taken to mitigate risk. The Committee also meets with the Chairs of the other committees at least two times a year to discuss enterprise risk and related matters. The Committee is also responsible for overseeing the Chief Compliance Officer s implementation of Viatris Corporate Compliance Program. The Chief Compliance Officer reports to the Committee and the Chief Legal Officer and the Committee is responsible for appointing and, as applicable, replacing, the Chief Compliance Officer. The Committee discusses the Chief Compliance Officer s performance, responsibilities, plans, and resources with the Chief Legal Officer. The Committee also makes recommendations to the Board with respect to the Corporate Compliance Program, the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and significant related global policies, and is responsible for reviewing reports of significant actual or alleged violations of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, corporate policies and procedures, and applicable laws and regulations. The Committee also discusses reports regarding non-financial compliance risk and risks associated with privacy; antitrust and competition; anti-corruption; and third-party risks. In addition, the Committee reviews significant global compliance-related policies, including policies related to pricing and/or commercialization of Company products and services. 2026 Proxy Statement | 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors The Finance Committee is responsible for reviewing and, as appropriate, providing recommendations to the Board with respect to significant strategies and policies of the Company relating to its capital structure and deployment and/or allocation of capital, material financial matters and transactions, and the risks related to such activities. The Governance and Sustainability Committee is responsible for identifying, assisting in recruiting, and nominating qualified individuals to become members of the Board, recommending committee assignments, overseeing the Board s annual evaluation of the independence of Directors, and evaluating and assisting the Board in considering potential risks related to corporate governance. The Committee is also responsible for overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the Board and its committees; Director orientation and continuing education programs; Board and management succession planning; and management s activities with respect to corporate environmental and social responsibility matters. The Board s Role in Oversight of Corporate Sustainability Viatris Board oversees management s efforts with respect to sustainability matters through its Governance and Sustainability Committee. The Company s sustainability function operates as a center of excellence within the Viatris Corporate Affairs leadership structure. The Head of Global Sustainability drives the strategic and operational development of sustainability matters across the Company, together with key partners. The Chief People and Corporate Affairs Officer reports directly to the Chief Administrative and Transformation Officer and, together with the Head of Global Sustainability, communicates quarterly with the Board on sustainability matters, including corporate environmental and social responsibility matters through the Governance and Sustainability Committee. The Governance and Sustainability Committee reviews progress with the Chief People and Corporate Affairs Officer and Head of Global Sustainability on sustainability matters on an annual basis to confirm the Company is tracking its priorities in this area. The Board s and its Committees Role in Cybersecurity Oversight The Company maintains a cybersecurity program designed to govern, identify, protect, detect, respond to, and recover from cybersecurity threats. The Company s Chief Information Security Officer Head of Global Security, under the direction of the Company s Chief Compliance Officer prior to August 2025, and under the direction of the Company s Chief Administrative and Transformation Officer since that time, reports quarterly to an internal risk committee of senior management, which includes the CEO, CFO, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Administrative and Transformation Officer, Chief People and Corporate Affairs Officer, Chief Information Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Quality Officer, Chief Supply Officer, Chief R D Officer, and Regional Presidents, as well as the Board on the progress of the cybersecurity program and overall security status. The Compliance and Risk Oversight Committee of the Board is responsible for reviewing management s exercise of its responsibility to identify, assess, and manage material risks not allocated to the Board or another Committee of the Board, including data security programs and cybersecurity and IT. In the event of a severe cybersecurity incident, such as a ransomware attack or other incident that has a severe adverse effect on Viatris operations, critical systems, or sensitive data, or which may cause severe reputational damage, executive management may determine that it is necessary to notify the Board or the Compliance and Risk Oversight Committee about such a cybersecurity incident immediately. Otherwise, the Compliance and Risk Oversight Committee receives reports from executive management on data security, cybersecurity, and information security-related matters on at least a quarterly basis, including with respect to related risks, risk management, risk reduction programs, and relevant legislative, regulatory, and technical developments. The full Board receives a report on the respective quarterly discussions from the Chair of the Compliance and Risk Oversight Committee each quarter. Board Education and Director Orientation The Governance and Sustainability Committee is responsible for overseeing and reviewing Director continuing education programs, including educational seminars, presentations, conferences, and other programs or opportunities presented by external and internal resources, on matters that may relate to, among other topics: compensation, compliance, governance, board process, risk oversight, audit and accounting, regulatory and other current issues. Past trainings have included the 36 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Stanford Graduate School of Business Directors Consortium, the National Association of Corporate Directors Summit, the Goldman Sachs Directors Symposium, and Deloitte s Board Symposium, among others. The Company reimburses Directors for costs associated with any related seminars and conferences, including travel expenses. The Governance and Sustainability Committee is also responsible for overseeing and reviewing the Company s Director orientation program. The program is designed to familiarize new Directors with, among other matters, the Company s business, operations, financial reporting, risk management, and executive officers. In addition, new Directors receive extensive onboarding materials which address topics including the Company s strategy, policies, Director roles and responsibilities, corporate governance policies and procedures, and leadership structure. How Our Directors Are Selected and Evaluated Consideration of Director Nominees For purposes of identifying individuals qualified to become members of the Board, and consistent with the Company s Corporate Governance Principles, the Governance and Sustainability Committee considers the following general criteria, among others, in nominating Director candidates. These criteria reflect the traits, abilities, and experience that the Board considers in determining candidates for election: Highest ethical character and shares the values of the Company Personal and/or professional reputations that are consistent with the image and reputation of the Company Relevant expertise and experience and ability to offer advice and guidance to the CEO and senior management based on that expertise and experience Sound business judgment Diverse perspectives and personal backgrounds In addition to the criteria set forth above, and any others the Governance and Sustainability Committee or Viatris Board may consider, a majority of the members of the Board must be independent , as that term may be defined from time to time by the applicable NASDAQ listing standards, including that an independent Director must be free of any relationships which, in the opinion of the Board, woul