=== VTRS_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A Risk Factors We may not realize the intended benefits of, or achieve the intended goals or outlooks with respect to, our strategic initiatives and priorities, including divestitures, acquisitions or other potential transactions. , If we are unable to successfully introduce new products in a timely manner, our future revenue and profitability may be adversely affected. and We expend a significant amount of resources on R D efforts that may not lead to successful product introductions. Unless otherwise indicated, industry data included in this Item 1 are sourced from IQVIA Holdings Inc. and are for the twelve months ended November 2025 and Viatris product and other company data included in this Item 1 are from internal sources and are as of November 30, 2025. Organization Upjohn was incorporated in Delaware on February 14, 2019 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pfizer to operate the Upjohn Business. Effective as of November 16, 2020, Upjohn, Mylan and Pfizer consummated the combination of Mylan with the Upjohn Business through a Reverse Morris Trust transaction, Viatris became the parent entity of the combined Upjohn Business and Mylan business, and Upjohn changed its name to Viatris Inc. As a result of the Combination, Mylan ceased to exist as a separate legal entity after merging with and into Mylan II B.V., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Viatris. The Upjohn Business was a global, primarily off-patent branded and generic established medicines business, which included 20 primarily off-patent oral solid dose legacy brands, such as Lyrica , Lipitor , Celebrex and Viagra . Mylan was founded in 1961 as a privately-owned company and grew over time into one of the largest manufacturers of generic medicines in the U.S. Mylan became a publicly traded company in 1973. Mylan s strategy then led to many acquisitions which played a significant role in the evolution of that company, including Matrix Laboratories Limited (2007); 11 Table of Contents Merck KGaA s generic and specialty pharmaceutical business (2007); Abbott Laboratories non-U.S. developed markets specialty and branded generics business (2015) and Meda AB (publ.) (2016). These acquisitions assisted in creating robust research, manufacturing, supply chain and commercial platforms on a global scale; substantially expanding its portfolio of medicines; diversifying by geography, product type and channel; maintaining its commitment to quality; and cultivating its global workforce. Business Model and Operations At Viatris, we have a relentless focus on delivering access at scale. Our strength is in our diversity. Our business and operating model is deliberately designed and implemented to deliver on our strategy to provide and sustain access to medicine at scale. We seek to create value for and together with our key stakeholders the people who trust our medicines every day, the health systems who rely on us, the people who make up Viatris, our partners and the investors who believe in our ability to execute on our ambitious mission. We are convinced that patients and health systems around the world are best served by a healthcare company applying a well-rounded and long-term approach, maintaining viability while working to manage inherent risks and opportunities and continuously striving to advance sustainable operations and responsible practices in a focused way. We see healthcare not as it is, but as it should be. We act courageously and believe we are uniquely positioned to be a source of stability in a world of evolving healthcare needs. Our mission is to empower people worldwide to live healthier at every stage of life. We do so via Access , Leadership and Partnership . ACCESS Viatris provides high-quality, trusted medicines, regardless of geography or circumstance. As noted above, access is fundamental to the Company s mission. It is not an initiative; it is Viatris business model, and it is personal. It begins with Viatris ability to sustainably deliver quality medicines to people, regardless of geography or circumstance. The Company believes it is uniquely positioned to bridge the traditional divide between generics and brands, combining the best of both to more holistically address healthcare needs globally. Viatris is committed to improving access to high-quality medicines and maintaining a reliable supply so patients can get the treatments they need, when and where they need them. Viatris is building on its strong foundation and existing access-driven base business while pursuing increasingly complex generics and novel and innovative products targeting gaps in care, all with a first-to-market focus to leverage its scientific and development expertise to help further accelerate access. Viatris goal is to seek opportunities to further advance reliable access to medicine through its proven scientific capabilities and extensive global platform. Viatris sees access as fundamental to empowering people worldwide to live healthier at every stage of life a powerful concept in challenging times. As a company, Viatris: Covers a broad range of therapeutic areas. The Company produces medicines for patients across a broad range of major therapeutic areas. From cardiovascular health to oncology, Viatris offers quality treatment options across more than 10 major therapeutic areas covering a wide variety of noncommunicable and infectious diseases. It also offers support services such as diagnostic clinics, educational seminars and digital tools to help patients better manage their health. Viatris continues to seek opportunities in various therapeutic areas that move the Company forward and leverage the strength of its internal capabilities and global platform. Helps ease the burden of noncommunicable diseases. According to the WHO, NCDs, such as ischemic heart disease, stroke, diabetes, certain cancers and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, are among the leading causes of death globally. NCDs affect people of every age, gender and socioeconomic status in every corner of the world, and pose a heavy burden on individuals, families and communities. To overcome this global public health threat, patients worldwide need a partner they can trust one that not only believes everyone deserves good health, but also has the portfolio, experience and expertise to make this belief a reality. 12 Table of Contents Helps hearts stay healthier. According to the WHO, coronary heart disease is the number one cause of death globally. With its acquisition of selatogrel and licensing agreement for sotagliflozin, Viatris is continuing to build on its strong presence in cardiovascular disease. Viatris collaborates with many organizations to help prevent, diagnose, and treat cardiovascular illnesses. Its deep experience in emerging and developed markets affords a tried-and-true method of achieving high impact across the patient experience, from awareness to adherence. In close collaboration with governments, healthcare providers, technology partners and patients, Viatris works to nurture healthcare systems that can adapt and respond to patients ever-changing needs. The Company continues to collaborate with medical associations, patient advocacy groups and academia to develop innovative, integrated solutions and programs to help strengthen both the delivery and quality of healthcare. Fights infectious disease. Viatris has a long history in the fight against infectious diseases such as HIV/AIDS, hepatitis, and tuberculosis, and offer an extensive portfolio across these disease states. While many important strides have been made to treat these illnesses, there is still more to be done. The Company is working with global and local partners to help prevent infections, increase access to diagnosis and treatment, provide healthcare solutions and work on local manufacturing initiatives with partners to transfer technology to expand access where it is most needed. With a portfolio that includes pediatric-friendly ARV used to treat HIV-positive infants and HIV self-tests, we are innovating to help patients. LEADERSHIP Viatris is working to further advance sustainable operations and innovative solutions to improve patient health and support more resilient healthcare systems. Viatris is committed to providing steady leadership in a world that is constantly evolving. The Company takes that commitment seriously and knows that advancing sustainable operations and innovative solutions to improve patient health requires strong global leadership. Viatris knows what it takes to reach more patients with more products, and believes that it is uniquely positioned to make a difference through its: Powerful global operating platform , which combines what it believes to be best-in-class manufacturing and supply chain capabilities. Viatris has designed its global operations and supply chain to be a reliable and flexible partner for access across the world, constantly adapting to an ever-evolving landscape. Viatris owns 27 manufacturing, packaging, and distribution sites worldwide that produce oral solid doses, injectables, and products with complex dosage forms on five different continents. Together with a global, flexible and diverse supply chain, the Company s platform strives to mitigate risks of disruption and ensure supply reliability. Viatris responsive global network has helped the Company maintain a reliable supply of much needed medicines through times of significant volatility. Viatris is committed to advancing responsible and sustainable operations and work diligently to minimize its environmental footprint across the Viatris network while safeguarding access to medicine. Robust global technical resources , including thousands of scientists, regulatory experts, clinical, medical and product safety professionals working around the world on innovative therapies and solutions for patients everywhere. Strong global commercial team , including sales team members and marketing professionals whose goal is to ensure that our products reach customers around the globe. Increasingly innovative and differentiated pipeline includes products in more than 10 major therapeutic areas, including both infectious diseases and NCDs, and medicines that help treat the top 10 leading causes of death globally, as determined by the WHO. We are a leading supplier of medicines to the HIV/AIDS community around the world, with a legacy of providing access to high-quality and affordable ARV in more than 100 countries. Viatris believes that its global leadership in all of these areas uniquely positions the Company to efficiently and effectively serve patients regardless of geography or circumstance. Together with its commitment to provide access to a sustainable, affordable, and diverse portfolio of high-quality medicines, Viatris works to improve access and meet evolving healthcare needs around the world. 13 Table of Contents PARTNERSHIP Leveraging its collective expertise to connect people to products and services. Partnerships and collaborations are critical, as are policies and strong healthcare systems that allow for healthy competitive environments. Viatris has a strong history of playing a leading role by partnering with other pharmaceutical companies, nonprofit organizations, government agencies, policymakers, trade associations and alliances, industry researchers and patient advocacy groups to promote sustainable access to treatment, build more resilient healthcare systems and drive these issues within its industry on global, regional and local levels. Many of the Company s collaborations focus on access to medicine; public awareness and disease screening; and healthcare professional education and support. Building for Growth Through Partnerships Viatris offers partners ready access to more markets and patients worldwide through the Company s unique global infrastructure and expertise, connecting more people with even more products and services they may not have the resources to reach on their own. The Company is actively engaging with potential business partners to help them accelerate possibilities of using their own healthcare assets to reach more markets and patients by leveraging Viatris unique global platform its R D, supply chain, manufacturing, regulatory, commercial and legal expertise. With the global platforms and infrastructure supporting this approach, the Company is enhancing its capital allocation approach to business development, and its organic and inorganic R D investments through a focused governance structure to ensure the highest level of strategic decision-making. As a result, Viatris periodically enters into commercial licensing and other partner agreements with other pharmaceutical companies for the development, manufacture, marketing and/or sale of pharmaceutical products. Doing so helps the Company share risks and costs, leverage strengths and scale up commercialization, but usually requires the Company to also share future profits. The result often is that medicines become available sooner and to a significantly larger group of patients. The Company s significant licensing and other partner agreements are focused on the development, manufacturing, supply and commercialization of multiple, high-value generic compounds, respiratory products, and other complex or innovative products. Refer to Note 19 Licensing and Other Partner Agreements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information. As the Company continues to expand its portfolio of more innovative, best-in-class, patent-protected assets, the Company may enter into more financial commitments in connection with agreements with its collaboration partners that provide for certain services, as well as cross manufacturing, development and licensing arrangements. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors We may not realize the intended benefits of, or achieve the intended goals or outlooks with respect to, our strategic initiatives and priorities, including divestitures, acquisitions or other potential transactions. Operations Viatris has developed an end-to-end experience across the total product life cycle, which includes global regulatory licensing, launch, growth and post-approval lifecycle management. Our research, development and medical platform seeks to maximize the impact of our existing portfolio by examining whether there is an opportunity for new indications, label extensions, formulations, and market registrations for our products. We also use our platform to determine whether there is an opportunity to integrate new products into our portfolio. The manufacturing of API and finished dosage forms is currently performed by a combination of internal and external manufacturing operations. After completing the divestiture of its API business in India, Viatris continues to maintain some selective R D capabilities in API and believes it has access to adequate API supplies through a manufacturing and supply agreement with the API business buyer and Viatris supply agreements with other manufacturers. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors - We have a limited number of manufacturing facilities and certain third-party suppliers produce a substantial portion of our API and products, some of which require a highly exacting and complex manufacturing process. of this Form 10-K. The Company s significant manufacturing, packaging, warehousing and distribution activities are located primarily in the U.S., Puerto Rico, Singapore, India, Australia, China, and certain EU countries, including Ireland. In addition, we maintain 14 Table of Contents administrative facilities around the world. While many of these key facilities are owned, Viatris also leases certain facilities from third parties. The Company believes all its facilities are in good operating condition, the machinery and equipment are well-maintained, the facilities are suitable for their intended purposes, and they have capacities adequate for the current operations. Facilities and records related to our products are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA, the EMA and other regulatory authorities in jurisdictions where the Company s products are marketed. In addition, authorities often conduct pre-approval plant inspections to determine whether the Company s systems and processes comply with current GMP and other regulations, and clinical-trial reviews to evaluate regulatory compliance and data integrity. Our suppliers, contract manufacturers, clinical trial partners and other business partners are subject to similar regulations and periodic inspections. The Company remains committed to maintaining the highest quality manufacturing standards at its facilities around the world and to continuous assessment and improvement in a time of evolving industry dynamics and regulatory expectations. Following an inspection by the FDA at our oral finished dose manufacturing facility in Indore, India in 2024, the FDA issued a warning letter and an import alert related to this facility. The import alert affects 11 products that will no longer be accepted into the U.S. until the warning letter is lifted. Following the substance of FDA s original inspection observations, the Company immediately implemented a comprehensive remediation plan at the site. During 2025, we made substantial progress on our remediation activities at the facility, including but not limited to related personnel actions. Additionally, we have engaged independent third-party subject matter experts to support the remediation plan. We have been in regular communication with the FDA during this process and will continue to work to ensure that the FDA is satisfied with the steps we have taken to resolve all the points raised. Our responses to the warning letter and import alert were submitted within the required time periods. The facility will be subject to a reinspection by the FDA. The timing of the reinspection will be determined by the FDA; however, we anticipate that the facility will be ready for reinspection in 2026. In mid-February 2026, a fire occurred in a service area at the Company's oral solid dose manufacturing facility in Nashik, India. Manufacturing at the facility has been temporarily suspended and the Company currently expects to resume operations beginning in April 2026. The Company believes it has certain insurance coverages for losses, including for assets and business interruption. In the event the plant cannot be returned to normal operations or the Company s insurance coverage is unavailable or inadequate, this event could have a negative impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. We take very seriously our continued and comprehensive oversight of our entire manufacturing network. Patient safety remains our primary and unwavering focus. We will work closely with our customers to mitigate any possible supply disruptions and meet the needs of the patients we serve. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors - The pharmaceutical industry is heavily regulated, and we face significant costs and uncertainties associated with our efforts to comply with applicable laws and regulations. of this Form 10-K. Customers and Marketing Our customers include retail and pharmacy establishments, wholesalers and distributors, payers, insurers and governments, and institutions, such as hospitals, among others. See Channel Types below for more information about our customers. The table below displays the percentage of consolidated net sales to our largest customers during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023: Percentage of Consolidated Net Sales 2025 2024 2023 McKesson Corporation * * 10 % Cencora, Inc. 11 % 12 % 10 % Cardinal Health, Inc. * * 5 % 15 Table of Contents * Net sales represented less than 10% of consolidated net sales during the period. We serve our customers through a team of highly-skilled sales and marketing professionals, all of whom are focused on establishing Viatris as our customers partner of choice. To best meet customers needs, the Company manages its business on a geographic basis. In addition to being dynamic, the pharmaceutical industry is complex. How it functions, how it is regulated and how it provides patients access varies by location. Similarly, competition is affected by many factors. Examples of factors include innovation and development, timely approval of prescription drugs by health authorities, manufacturing capabilities, product quality, marketing effectiveness, portfolio size, customer service, consumer acceptance, product price, political stability and the availability of funding for healthcare. Certain parts of our business also are affected by seasonality, e.g., due to the timing and severity of peak cough, cold and flu incidence, which can cause variability in sales trends for some of our products. While seasonality may affect quarterly comparisons within a fiscal year, it generally is not material to our annual consolidated results. For these and other reasons, the Company s sales and marketing efforts vary accordingly by product, market and channel type, each of which is described below. See the Application of Critical Accounting Policies section in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for more information related to customer arrangements. Products Viatris currently markets branded and generic drugs, including complex drugs. Branded drugs are typically prescription pharmaceuticals that are sufficiently novel as to be protected by patents or other forms of exclusivity. As such, these drugs, which bear trade names, may be produced and sold only by those owning the rights, subject to certain challenges that other companies may make. Developing new medicines can take years and significant investment. Only a few promising therapies ever enter clinical trials. Fewer still are approved for sale by health authorities, at which point marketing to healthcare providers and consumers begins. Because patents and exclusivities last many years, they serve as an incentive to developers. During the periods protected, developers often recoup their investments and earn a profit. In many high-income countries, the brand business often is characterized by higher margins on lower volumes - especially as compared with generic manufacturers. Viatris has numerous branded drugs, including iconic brands, as well as several global key brands to help patients manage their health. Brand drugs include branded generics which are off-patent products that are sold under an approved proprietary name for marketing purposes. Brand products often become branded generics once patent protections or other forms of exclusivity expire. Branded generic products are common in many countries outside the U.S., including emerging markets. Brand and branded generic products are more sensitive to promotion than are unbranded generic products. They therefore represent the primary focus of most of our sales representatives and product-level marketing activity. Our branded drugs also include certain OTC products, which are sold directly to consumers without a prescription and without reimbursement. Generic drugs are therapeutically equivalent versions of brand drugs. Generics generally become available once the patents and other exclusivities on their branded counterparts expire. The generics business is generally characterized by lower margins on higher volumes of a relatively large number of products. Our generic medicines work in the same way and provide the same clinical benefits as their as their brand-name counterparts and may cost less, providing patients and the healthcare system important savings and options which we believe are essential to making healthcare accessible. The manufacturing of generic medicines is held to the same standards of GMP by health authorities as the manufacturing of branded medicines. National health authorities inspect our facilities around the world to ensure that generic manufacturing, packaging and testing sites pass the same quality standards as those of brand drugs. Generic products typically are sold under their INNs. INNs facilitate the identification of pharmaceutical substances or API. Each INN is unique and globally recognized. A nonproprietary name also is known as a generic name. Complex drugs are medicines that could have a complex active ingredient, complex formulation, complex route of delivery or complex drug device combinations. Viatris offers a number of these important medicines to patients, including Breyna Inhalation Aerosol, the first FDA-approved generic version of Symbicort , Wixela Inhub , the first generic of Advair Diskus , glatiramer acetate injection, a generic version of Copaxone , and its generic iron sucrose injection. Our current complex products are considered generics and are included within our generics revenue category. 16 Table of Contents As the Company looks to the future, Viatris goal is to leverage its proven scientific capabilities to create a durable and higher-margin portfolio of products, including innovative, best-in-class, patent-protected assets. While Viatris will continue to diligently pursue important generics opportunities and invest in the lifecycle management of certain key products in our current portfolio, the Company expects to increasingly focus on limited-competition complex and novel products targeting areas of significant unmet medical need, all with a first-to-market emphasis and serving our mission of patient access. The Company believes innovative and complex products categories are critical to patient health and are growing at a rapid pace. The Company is further enhancing its commercial and scientific capabilities as needed for this future portfolio and intends to increase its R D investment as well as inorganically grow via business development. We also often incur substantial litigation expense as a result of defending or challenging brand patents or exclusivities, which is described further in Note 20 Litigation included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Market Types Viatris focuses its sales and marketing efforts on the people who make key decisions around pharmaceutical prescribing, dispensing or buying. Decision makers vary by country or region, reflecting law and custom, giving rise to different types of pharmaceutical markets. Many countries feature a mix of or hybrids of various market types, though the Company may focus on just one type in a particular country. In prescription markets, physicians decide which medicines patients will take. Pharmacies then dispense the products as directed. Drug companies employ sales forces to educate doctors about the clinical benefits of their products. Representatives call on individual doctors or group practices; the process is known as detailing. Examples of countries served by Viatris that are mainly prescription markets are the U.S. brand business, China, Turkey, Poland and Mexico. In substitution markets, pharmacists generally are authorized (and in some cases required) by law to dispense an unbranded or branded generic, if available, in place of a brand-name medicine, or vice versa. Drug companies may use sales forces in these markets too, with representatives calling on and educating pharmacy personnel about their organization and products. Examples of countries served by Viatris that are mainly substitution markets are France, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Japan and Australia. In tender markets, payers, such as governments or insurance companies, negotiate the lowest price for a drug (or group of drugs) on behalf of their constituents or members. In exchange, the chosen supplier s product is placed on the payer s formulary, or list of covered prescriptions. Often, a supplier s drug is the only one available in an entire class of drugs. Large sales forces are not needed to reach these decision-makers. Examples of generic markets served by Viatris that are mainly tender markets are New Zealand, Sweden, South Africa, as well as Germany. In distribution markets, retailers and wholesalers make drug-purchasing decisions. Large sales forces are not needed to reach the decision-makers representing these organizations. Note, however, that pharmacists operating in distribution markets also may be authorized to make substitution decisions when dispensing medicines. Examples of countries served by Viatris that are mainly distribution markets are the U.S. generics business, the U.K. and Norway. The allocation of our sales and marketing resources reflects the characteristics of these different market types. For OTC products, consumers are the decision-makers. OTC products are commonly sold via retail channels, such as pharmacies, drugstores and supermarkets. This makes their sale and marketing comparable to other retail businesses, with broad advertising and trade-channel promotion. Consumers often are loyal to well-known OTC brands. For this reason, suppliers of OTC products, including Viatris, must invest the time and resources needed to build strong OTC brand names. Channel Types Viatris products make their way to patients through a variety of intermediaries, or channels. Pharmaceutical wholesalers/distributors purchase prescription medicines and other medical products directly from manufacturers for storage in warehouses and distribution centers. The distributors then fill orders placed by healthcare providers and other authorized buyers. Pharmaceutical retailers purchase products directly from manufacturers or wholesalers/distributors. They then sell them to consumers in relatively small quantities for personal use. 17 Table of Contents Institutional pharmacies address the unique needs of hospitals, nursing homes and other such venues. Among the services provided are specialized packaging, including for injectables and unit-dose products, for controlled administration. Mail-order and e-commerce pharmacies receive prescriptions by mail, fax, phone or the internet at a central location; process them in large, mostly automated centers; and mail the drugs to the consumer. Specialty pharmacies focus on managing the handling and service requirements associated with high-cost and more-complex drug therapies, such as those used to treat patients with rare or serious diseases. Business Segments Viatris has four reportable segments: Developed Markets, Greater China, JANZ, and Emerging Markets. The Company reports segment information on the basis of markets and geography, which reflects its focus on bringing its large and diversified portfolio of branded and generic products, including complex products, to people in markets everywhere. Developed Markets The Developed Markets segment comprises our operations primarily in North America and Europe. The Company s business in North America is driven mainly by operations in the U.S., where the Company is one of the largest providers of prescription medicines. The U.S. pharmaceutical industry is very competitive, and the primary means of competition are innovation and development, timely FDA approval, manufacturing and supply chain capabilities, formulary placement, product quality, marketing, portfolio size, customer service, reputation and price. Viatris relies on a flexible and cost-effective supply chain to meet the rapidly changing needs of its customers around a reliable, high-quality supply of pharmaceutical products. Europe, where many governments provide healthcare at a low direct cost to consumers and regulate pharmaceutical prices or patient reimbursement levels, continues to be a highly competitive market, especially in terms of pricing, quality standards, service levels and product portfolio. Viatris leadership position in a number of countries provides the Company a platform to fulfill the needs of patients, physicians, pharmacies, customers and payors. Significant products sold by the Developed Markets segment include Lyrica , Lipitor , Creon , Breyna , Influvac , Wixela Inhub , EpiPen Auto-Injector, Fraxiparine , and Yupelri . New product launches are an important growth driver. Important recent launches include iron sucrose injection and octreotide acetate for injectable suspension in the U.S., and pomalidomide, dapagliflozin, atorvastatin/ezetimibe, rivaroxaban, and ferric carboxymaltose in certain European markets. While Viatris U.S. customer base is extensive, it comprises a small number of very large firms as the pharmaceutical industry has undergone tremendous change and consolidation. Viatris believes it is well positioned to serve such customers in the Developed Markets due to the scale it has built in terms of R D, supply chain, and portfolio breadth. Greater China The Greater China segment includes our operations in mainland China, Taiwan, and Hong Kong. The Viatris Greater China portfolio predominantly consists of branded LOE products. In China, the recent healthcare reform measures are aimed at controlling the overall healthcare costs, while providing better and broader care to the population. Healthcare spending is expected to increase in-line with GDP growth. The VBP policy for LOE molecules is now in its seventh year and includes approximately 490 molecules. All major Viatris brands are included in the VBP molecule lists. The Company has re-balanced its business to expand its focus on the retail pharmacy and e-commerce channels while maintaining its presence in the hospital channel. Healthcare consumerism, increased spending power, and demand for premium medical products have generated strong growth in these new channels and partially absorbed the reductions seen in the hospital channel due to VBP. Additional pricing and volume pressure for pharmaceutical products sold in the hospital channel is expected to continue during 2026 and could negatively impact the Company s results of operations. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors - We have and may continue to experience pressure on the pricing of and reimbursements for certain of our products due to pricing controls, social or government pressure to lower the cost of drugs, and consolidation across the supply chain. of this Form 10-K. Significant products within the Greater China segment include Lipitor , Norvasc , and Viagra . 18 Table of Contents JANZ The JANZ segment consists of our operations in Japan, Australia and New Zealand. In Japan, the National Health Insurance regulates the pricing of pharmaceutical products to healthcare providers. The Company sells products in Japan primarily through a network of wholesalers who then sell the products to doctors, hospitals and pharmacies. In addition, the Company is working on its innovative pipeline assets such as EFFEXOR for generalized anxiety disorder, Nefecon for immunoglobulin A nephropathy, and pitolisant, a selective/inverse agonist of the histamine H3 receptor (with one indication for the treatment of excessive daytime sleepiness or cataplexy in adult patients with narcolepsy and another indication for the treatment of excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea syndrome). In Australia, the healthcare system is a mix of public and private healthcare sectors, with Medicare, Australia s public healthcare system, covering most of the country s medical costs. The Department of Health oversees healthcare governance, law, and policy while the various state and territory governments administer the system. Most prescription pharmaceutical products are subsidized under the pharmaceutical benefits scheme by the federal government. Pricing of reimbursed pharmaceutical products is regulated by the government and funded via the Medicare levy and through company and patient contributions. The Company sells products primarily through the wholesale system, while promoting its products to both physicians and pharmacists. Important recent launches include Spydia Nasal Spray in Japan. Significant products within the JANZ segment include AMITIZA , EFFEXOR , Lipacreon , Lyrica , and EpiPen Auto-Injector. Emerging Markets The Emerging Markets segment encompasses our presence in more than 125 countries with developing markets and emerging economies including in Asia, Africa, Eastern Europe, Latin America and the Middle East as well as the Company s ARV franchise. With healthcare at various stages of development across these markets, we believe we are positioned to not only leverage our large geographical footprint to maximize the similarities between these markets, but also tailor solutions to meet local needs. There is demand in this segment for better healthcare to serve a growing population and economic expansion. Many countries in this segment are brand-conscious with generic penetration rates lower than developed markets. Important recent launches include sotagliflozin in the United Arab Emirates in January 2026. Among Viatris products sold in the segment are Lipitor , Lyrica , Norvasc , Celebrex , and ARV products. Refer to Note 16 Segment Information included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information about the Company s segments. Government Regulation Regulation by governmental authorities is a significant factor in the R D, production, marketing, sales and distribution of pharmaceuticals. Viatris products are subject to robust developmental studies which include analytical determinations of strength, quality, purity as well as rigorous safety and efficacy determinations using preclinical, pharmacokinetic studies and clinical evaluations to gather data to support regulatory review and approval. This body of work results in extensive data and scientific information that is incorporated into a given product s regulatory dossier. Manufacturing is conducted under exacting conditions governed by extensive regulation including strict in-process and finished pharmaceutical products specifications and controls. Post-approval activities, such as advertising and promotion, pharmacovigilance, post-marketing regulatory commitments, and pharmacopeial monographs, are also subject to extensive regulation and controls. The lengthy process of developing products and obtaining required approvals and the continuing need for post-approval compliance with applicable statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial resources. Regulatory approval, if and when obtained, may be limited in scope. Further, approved drugs, as well as their manufacturers, are subject to ongoing post-marketing review and inspection, which can lead to the discovery of previously unknown attributes of the products or the manufacturing or quality control procedures used in their production, which may impact the marketing of the products or result in restrictions on their manufacture, sale or use or in their withdrawal from the market. 19 Table of Contents Any failure or delay by Viatris, its suppliers of manufactured drug product, collaborators or licensees, in obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals could adversely affect the marketing of our products and our ability to receive product revenue, license revenue or profit-sharing payments. Other Regulatory Requirements Viatris business is subject to a wide range of various other federal, state, national, regional, provincial, non-governmental, and local agency rules and regulations. They focus on fraud and corruption, pricing and reimbursement, data privacy, and the environment, among many other considerations. For more information about certain of these regulations and the associated risks the Company faces, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. Research and Development We believe Viatris has a broad and differentiated global R D platform that includes deep capabilities in clinical, medical and regulatory, and through our technology platforms, that enables the Company to bring hard to develop products to approval in global markets. Viatris research, development and clinical platform, which includes regulatory activities, seeks to deliver new product opportunities across all of the Company s categories and markets and to evaluate opportunities to expand the scope of our existing product portfolio with a focus on development activities. The Company s product pipeline includes a variety of dosage forms, including oral solid dosage forms, transdermals, injectables, inhalation, and other delivery systems, as well as drug delivery devices. While committed to generics and specialty products, over the last several years, a greater portion of the Company s investments has been focused on complex or difficult-to-formulate products, including modified release or complex injectables such as iron sucrose injection and glucagon, rather than commodity products such as conventional oral solid dosage forms. The Company is working on a number of programs including patent-protected, innovative assets such as selatogrel and cenerimod, and on the potential to be first-to-market for our generics of Abilify Maintena , Injectafer , Ozempic , and Wegovy . As previously mentioned, one of the Company s strategic pillars is our focus on expanding our innovative portfolio to identify, vet and secure best-in-class, patented-protected assets that address areas of significant unmet medical need. Viatris invests a significant amount of capital and resources in R D, and this investment is likely to continue or potentially increase as we focus on more complex and innovative products to drive accelerated and durable growth, and build a more durable higher margin portfolio with exclusivity opportunities. In addition to increasing its R D and IPR D investment, the Company also expects to inorganically grow via business development through strategic alliances with partners. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors - We expend a significant amount of resources on R D efforts that may not lead to successful product introductions. of this Form 10-K. Intellectual Property Viatris considers the protection of its intellectual property rights to be extremely valuable, and the Company acts to protect them from infringement by third parties. Viatris has an extensive trademark portfolio totaling approximately 27,000 active trademarks filed globally and routinely apply to register key brand names, generic names, branded generic names, and trade names in numerous countries around the world. The Company s registered trademarks are renewable indefinitely, and are maintained in accordance with the laws of the countries in which they are registered. The Company also has an extensive patent portfolio and actively files for patent protection in various countries to protect its brand-name, generic, branded generic, and OTC products, including processes for making and using them, as well as to protect its drug-delivery technologies. The Company has more than 1,400 patents filed globally. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors - We rely on the effectiveness of our patents, trademarks, confidentiality agreements and other measures to protect our intellectual property rights. of this Form 10-K. Further, Viatris has well-established safeguards in place to protect our proprietary know-how and trade secrets, both of which the Company considers extremely valuable to its intellectual property portfolio. The Company looks for intellectual property licensing opportunities to or from third parties, related not only to our existing products, but as a means for expanding our product portfolio. 20 Table of Contents Viatris relies on the aforementioned types of intellectual property, as well as our copyrights, trade dress, regulatory exclusivities and contractual protections, to establish a broad scope of intellectual property rights for our product portfolio. Sustainability To learn about Viatris sustainability work, the Company encourages you to read Viatris 2024 Sustainability Report: Building Sustainable Access at Scale 1 , published in May 2025. The report highlights Viatris actions and initiatives across multiple areas of focus in support of the Company s efforts to continue to be a model for sustainable access to medicine and to make an impact in the communities it serves. It also reports on how the Company progressed in 2024 on its companywide sustainability goals in the areas of: access and global health; workplace culture; and environment (climate, water, and waste). Viatris recent accolades include inclusion on TIME s inaugural list of World s Most Sustainable Companies, USA Today s list of America s Climate Leaders, Forbes World s Best Employers, and TIME s World s Top Companies for Women. The following highlights Viatris systematic efforts and progress across key areas: Access and Global Health Access is fundamental to Viatris mission. It begins with the Company s ability to sustainably deliver quality medicines to people, regardless of geography or circumstance. The Company is focused on striving to meet individual needs, whether with a generic medicine, a trusted brand, an improved version of an existing medicine, or a truly novel therapeutic solution. Viatris goes beyond developing, manufacturing, and distributing quality medicines. With the needs of people at the center, Viatris often works to help find solutions that support resilient healthcare systems. The Company has designed its global operations and supply chain to be a reliable and flexible partner for access across the world, constantly adapting to an ever-evolving landscape. Viatris pursues holistic approaches to prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and disease management. The Company works to build public health awareness, to support and implement research, to deliver access to health education, and to advocate for public policies that advance sustainable access at scale, globally. Partnerships and collaborations are essential for meaningful and lasting impact, as are policies and strong healthcare systems and markets that allow for healthy competitive environments. While needs are global, circumstances are local, and Viatris works with an array of organizations - internationally, regionally and locally, public and private - to support sustainable access to medicines at consistent quality standards. We work to connect more people with even more products and services to advance access and health. Ultimately, we know we are stronger together, working collaboratively and relentlessly across our company and with the broader global community, in pursuit of access. Environmental Stewardship We are committed to minimizing our impact on the environment while working to safeguard a reliable supply of medicine. Our commitment entails systematic and continuous work, and a global integrated approach to managing our impact on and from climate change, energy efficiency and renewable energy, water and waste reduction, and air emissions. Key actions taken by the Company include increasing renewable energy usage, implementing energy-efficiency projects, preventing refrigerant leaks and transitioning to greener refrigerants, using alternative fuels and technologies, and leveraging infrastructure upgrades and utility replacement projects. While it is very hard to predict accurately the future costs associated with compliance with environmental laws, this is not expected to require significant capital expenditures and has not had, and is not expected to have, a material adverse effect on our operations or competitive position. Viatris remains engaged in promoting environmentally responsible and sustainable supply chains, including through the Company s compliance with the AMR Industry Alliance s Common Antibiotic Manufacturing Standard in its operations 1 Please note that our website, Sustainability Report and their respective contents are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 21 Table of Contents and its commitment to the standard s implementation across Viatris external supply chain. Furthermore, Viatris is leveraging its membership in the Pharmaceutical Supply Chains Initiative in external supplier sustainability engagement. Community Engagement Viatris seeks to foster healthy communities around the world by supporting education and health and disease awareness efforts that, in particular, help empower patients, promote access to care, and further community infrastructure and environmental protection all part of building healthier and more resilient communities. Whether through in-kind and monetary donations, volunteering time and talents, or engaging with partners to find solutions, the Company works to address common global challenges and leverages Viatris colleagues collective capabilities while addressing unique local needs. Viatris has continued its humanitarian support towards emergency response to assist victims of armed conflicts, disasters and extreme weather. Together with long-term partners including but not limited to, Direct Relief, AmeriCares, Save the Children, SBP, World Central Kitchen, and the American Red Cross, the Company has supported medical relief shipments, access to food and long-term rebuilding efforts. Furthermore, Viatris colleagues across the globe have supported local care facilities, community cleanups, fundraisers, and participated in volunteer opportunities to raise money and awareness for patients living with diseases as a part of a larger global initiative - Building Healthier Communities. Business partnerships, collaboration within and across sectors, memberships, and philanthropic collaborations help us serve patients, healthcare systems and communities worldwide. Human Capital Our people Our more than 30,000 colleagues are passionate about our mission, and together we are building a performance-driven, highly engaging and inclusive culture where diverse perspectives drive access, innovation and our ability to make an impact in the world. In 2025, the Company received several recognitions, such as inclusion on Forbes World s Best Employers list, TIME s World s Most Sustainable Companies list, Fortune s World s 25 Best Workplaces, and Newsweek s America s Greenest Companies list. In recent years, Viatris has also been included on Forbes World s Top Companies for Women list, Forbes World s Best Employers list, USA Today s America s Climate Leaders list, 3BL 100 Best Corporate Citizens list, TIME s World s Best Companies list, Fast Company s Most Innovative Companies list, Fortune s Change the World list, National Association for Business Resources Nation s Best Brightest in Wellness list, and Newsweek s America s Most Responsible Companies list. Viatris has also received several local accolades in 2025 and previous years, such as Great Place to Work and Top Employers certifications in multiple countries, among many others. Our colleagues are dedicated to our mission and we continue to build our culture with a focus on colleague experience and engagement; learning and development; career progression; workplace culture; talent attraction and our deep commitment to the health, safety and wellbeing of our colleagues, their families and the communities we serve. We remain committed to building upon our foundations, harmonizing our processes and programs and initiating many firsts for Viatris. Our commitment to wellbeing has grown with the launch of our Elevate program focused on the health, purpose and growth of our colleagues. This program is fully supported by an active and engaged employee-led group of ambassadors through the Viatris Elevate Champions network. We are living the Viatris mission internally by providing 100% of all colleagues globally with access to Elevate tools and resources including many local programs to further support health and wellbeing, with a focus on mental health through employee assistance programs and our partnership with Unmind. We have expanded our professional development opportunities, including a focus on executive and management development, and we have continued to build core programming to support colleagues at all stages of life and career. Viatris has successfully introduced new and differentiated core capabilities to enhance our performance and growth aligned with the Company s strategy moving forward. We believe we have a deep talent bench of core generics and expanding innovative capabilities to help drive our future forward. Through regular annual objective setting and talent assessment practices, the Company believes it provides tools and resources that enable high performance. 22 Table of Contents At Viatris, our workplace culture is one of our greatest strengths as we strive to empower people worldwide to live healthier at every stage of life. We foster listening, inclusion, and mutual respect and encourage colleagues to connect with each other to learn, grow and achieve together. The insights from our employee engagement and listening strategies guide our efforts as we continually strive to create a work environment where people can feel appreciated and make an impact in the world. We seek perspective in a variety of ways and encourage healthy interactions for all. Our pulse surveys demonstrate that our colleagues feel a strong sense of inclusion, we prioritize the health and safety of our workforce, and we have a strong sense of camaraderie and teamwork. Health and Safety Protecting the health and safety of our colleagues is essential at Viatris. We have a global Environmental, Health and Safety Management System, technical requirements, processes and systems that establish the foundation of our health and safety program. This focus, along with our deep commitment to wellbeing, applies to all locations and guides us in cultivating a culture of health and safety throughout our global workforce. Exchange Act Reports Viatris maintains a website at Viatris.com where you can find certain reports and associated amendments that the Company files with the SEC in accordance with the Exchange Act. These filings will include our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports. We make this information available on our website free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and shall not be deemed filed under the Exchange Act. The SEC also maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. ITEM 1A. Risk Factors We operate in a complex and rapidly changing environment that involves risks, many of which are beyond our control. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, and/or stock price could be materially affected by any of these risks, if they occur, or by other factors not currently known to us, or not currently considered to be material. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information in this Form 10-K, as well as our other filings with the SEC. Our risk factors are organized into five categories: Strategic, Operational, Compliance, Finance and General. Summary Below is a summary of some of the more significant risks and uncertainties we face. This summary is not exhaustive and is qualified by reference to the full set of risk factors set forth in this Part I, Item 1A. Strategic Risks We may not realize the intended benefits of, or achieve the intended goals or outlooks with respect to, our strategic initiatives and priorities, including our enterprise-wide strategic review and other potential corporate transactions. Viatris restructuring activities may not achieve their intended goals and may present significant challenges, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, and/or stock price. There are risks and uncertainties associated with divestitures, product rationalizations and asset sales, one or more of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, and/or stock price. The integration of acquired businesses has presented and may in the future present significant challenges, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, and/or stock price. The imposition of tariffs on, or other trade restrictions or domestic sourcing requirements in, the territories and countries where we, our partners, suppliers, or customers do business, as well as any retaliatory actions 23 Table of Contents with respect to such actions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, and/or stock price. We have and may continue to experience pressure on the pricing of and reimbursements for certain of our products due to pricing controls, social or government pressure to lower the cost of drugs, and consolidation across the supply chain. We have significant operations globally, which exposes us to the risks inherent in conducting our business internationally. Charges to earnings resulting from acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, and/or stock price. Operational Risks Current and changing economic conditions, including inflation, may adversely affect our industry, business, partners and suppliers. The pharmaceutical industry is heavily regulated, and we face significant costs and uncertainties associated with our efforts to comply with applicable laws and regulations. The use of legal, regulatory, and legislative strategies by both brand and generic competitors, including but not limited to authorized generics and regulatory petitions, may increase costs associated with the introduction or marketing of our generic products, could delay or prevent such introduction, and could significantly reduce our revenue and profit. If we are unable to successfully introduce new products in a timely manner, our future revenue and profitability may be adversely affected. We expend a significant amount of resources on R D efforts that may not lead to successful product introductions. Even if our products in development receive regulatory approval, such products may not achieve expected levels of market acceptance. Our business is highly dependent upon market perceptions of us, our products and brands, and the safety and quality of our products and brands, as well as the effectiveness of our sales and marketing activities, and we may be adversely impacted by negative publicity or findings. We have a limited number of manufacturing facilities and certain third-party suppliers produce a substantial portion of our API and products, some of which require a highly exacting and complex manufacturing process. Our future success is highly dependent on our ability to attract, motivate and retain key personnel. Compliance Risks We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.S. Foreign Extortion Prevention Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, Chinese anti-corruption laws and similar worldwide anti-corruption laws, which impose restrictions on certain conduct and may carry substantial fines and penalties. Our competitors, including branded pharmaceutical companies, and/or other third parties, may allege that we or our suppliers are infringing upon their intellectual property, including in an at risk launch situation, which could result in substantial monetary damages, impact our ability to launch a product and/or our ability to continue marketing a product, and/or force us to expend substantial resources in resulting litigation, the outcome of which is uncertain. We are involved in various legal proceedings and certain government inquiries and may experience unfavorable outcomes of such proceedings or inquiries. We are increasingly dependent on IT and information systems and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including cybersecurity and data leakage risks. Incorporating ML, AI and other emerging technologies into our products, services and operations may result in legal and regulatory risks, reputational harm or have other adverse consequences to our business, financial condition or results of operations. Finance Risks There can be no guarantee that we will continue to pay dividends or repurchase shares under our share repurchase program. We may not be able to maintain competitive financial flexibility and our corporate tax rate which could adversely affect us and our shareholders. Currency fluctuations and changes in exchange rates have impacted and could continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, and/or stock price. We have significant indebtedness, which could lead to adverse consequences or adversely affect our financial position and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under such indebtedness, and any refinancing of this debt could be at significantly higher interest rates. 24 Table of Contents There are inherent uncertainties involved in estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Any future changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions used or necessary revisions to prior estimates, judgments or assumptions or changes in accounting standards could lead to a restatement or revision to previously issued financial statements. Viatris has suffered and in the future could suffer additional losses due to impairment charges. Strategic Risks We may not realize the intended benefits of, or achieve the intended goals or outlooks with respect to, our strategic initiatives and priorities, including our enterprise-wide strategic review and other potential corporate transactions. As a result of the EWSR initiated in 2025, the Company has identified three strategic imperatives that will drive our future and position the Company for sustainable growth by (i) driving our base business through executing successful launches, focusing on supply chain continuity, evolving our generics portfolio over time towards more profitable, higher-margin products and strengthening our established brands portfolio (ii) fueling our innovative portfolio through advancing a pipeline of late-stage and in-market growth assets sourced both internally and externally; and (iii) modernizing for sustainable growth through strengthening our technology, data and talent capabilities to enable sustained success in a rapidly evolving healthcare environment. As the Company looks to drive its base business by executing successful launches, evolving its generics portfolio over time towards more profitable, higher margin products, strengthening its established brands portfolio, and advancing its portfolio of late-stage and in-market growth assets sourced both internally and externally, it expects to use more capital resources and has entered into, and may in the future enter into, financial commitments in connection with acquisitions, alliances and collaborations, such as, our acquisition of the development programs for selatogrel and cenerimod, which are currently in Phase 3 development and our acquisition of Aculys Pharma, including exclusive rights to pitolisant in Japan and Spydia in Japan and certain other markets in the Asia-Pacific region. In addition, we have in the past and may in the future enter into (i) strategic alliances with partners to develop, manufacture, market and/or distribute certain products, and/or certain components of our products, in various markets and (ii) agreements with our collaboration partners that provide for certain services, as well as cross manufacturing, development and licensing arrangements. We commit substantial efforts and other resources to these various alliances and collaborations There is a risk that the investments made by us in these and other alliances and collaborative arrangements will not generate financial returns. In addition, our collaboration partners financial situation, or disputes or conflicting priorities and regulatory or legal intervention has been or could in the future be a source of delay or uncertainty as to the expected benefits of our strategic alliances and collaborations. Implementing our strategic initiatives and priorities has been and may in the future be material both from a strategic and financial perspective. Our strategic initiatives and priorities have been, and may continue to be, complex, time-consuming or expensive, may divert management s and employees attention, and expose us to operational ineffectiveness. We may miscalculate the risks associated with our strategic initiatives and priorities at the time they are made or not have the resources or ability to access all the relevant information to evaluate them properly, including with regard to the potential of R D pipelines, manufacturing issues, compliance issues, supply chain continuity, technology, data capabilities, or the outcome of ongoing legal and other proceedings. Innovative and patent protected assets are difficult, costly and time-consuming to develop, receive regulatory approval for and bring to market. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve all of our intended goals or outlooks with respect to such strategies and priorities within the anticipated timeframes or at all, fully realize the expected benefits of any such transactions or arrangements, or successfully manage base business erosion or grow in future periods. The overall execution of our strategic initiatives and priorities may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, operational inefficiencies, adverse tax consequences, impairment or restructuring charges, loss of customer relationships, difficulty attracting and retaining qualified employees, and diversion of management s and/or employee s attention, among other potential adverse consequences. In addition, we may have to terminate a strategic alliance, agreement or arrangement, or our partners may be unable to fulfill their operational or other obligations due to their financial condition or otherwise. Any of the risks described above could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, and/or stock price. Viatris restructuring activities may not achieve their intended goals and may present significant challenges, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, and/or stock price. 25 Table of Contents As a result of the EWSR initiated in 2025, Viatris has announced related cost-saving and restructuring activities designed to deliver meaningful cost savings primarily over a three year period expected to optimize its commercial capabilities, enabling functions, its R D, medical and regulatory activities, and its sourcing, manufacturing and supply chain, including inventory optimization. Implementing these restructuring activities, including anticipated headcount reductions of up to approximately 10% and an anticipated facility closure, could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of Viatris businesses, difficulty retaining existing employees, or require Viatris senior management to devote considerable amounts of time to these processes, which would decrease the time they have to manage and service Viatris existing businesses, and develop new products or strategies. In addition, the restructuring activities could result in total costs and expenses that are greater than anticipated, asset impairments, and reductions to the size or scope of our business, our results of operations, including but not limited to total revenues, and cash flows, our market share in particular markets or our opportunities and ability to compete with respect to certain markets, therapeutic areas or products. Even if the restructuring activities and related initiatives are successful, we may not achieve anticipated cost savings, opportunities for reinvestment, growth opportunities and other financial and operating benefits within the timeline we anticipate, or at all. If our restructuring activities are unsuccessful, if the estimated costs are higher than anticipated, or if we are unable to realize the anticipated cost savings and other benefits, there could be a material adverse effect on Viatris business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, and/or stock price. There are risks and uncertainties associated with divestitures, product rationalizations and asset sales, one or more of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, and/or stock price. Viatris has completed or is in the process of completing divestitures, product rationalizations and asset sales, and expects to initiate additional divestitures, product rationalizations and asset sales in the future. Such actions have resulted and could in the future result in asset impairments, as well as reductions to the size or scope of our business, our results of operations (including but not limited to total revenues and cash flows), our market share in particular markets, or our opportunities and ability to compete with respect to certain markets, therapeutic areas or products. We may not be successful in separating divested businesses or assets, which could negatively impact our ongoing operations, future earnings and future goals and outlooks. In recent years, the Company has completed several divestitures, including the Biocon Biologics Transaction, the OTC Transaction, the divestiture of our API and women s healthcare businesses and other divestitures. These divestitures have resulted and may in the future result in continued financial and operational exposure to the divested assets or businesses, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements, indemnification, continued supply and distribution arrangements, transition services obligations to the divested businesses, stranded costs, or potential litigation. Because the businesses or assets we have divested were commingled with Viatris other businesses, their financial information must be carved-out of Viatris financial and other systems, and this process has increased or will continue to increase the risk of errors in the presentation of our financial results in conformity with U.S. GAAP. In addition, we may also face other challenges as a result of divestitures, including maintaining employee morale and retaining key management. With respect to the Biocon Biologics Transaction, in December 2025, Viatris entered into definitive agreements with Biocon for the sale of Viatris equity stake in Biocon Biologics for total consideration of $815 million, consisting of $400 million in cash and $415 million in newly issued equity shares of Biocon. The shares are subject to a six-month lock-up period. While the shares are listed and traded on the National Stock Exchange of India, the value of the shares remains subject to market fluctuations and there is no guarantee that Viatris will be able to sell the shares for any particular price. Any of the risks described above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, and/or stock price. Refer to Note 5 Divestitures included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information about our divestitures. The integration of acquired businesses has presented and may in the future present significant challenges, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, and/or stock price. The combination of two or more independent businesses is a complex, costly and time-consuming process and there is a significant degree of difficulty inherent in the integration process. These difficulties may include: diversion of management s and employees attention from the ongoing operations of Viatris to integration and restructuring matters; the challenge of integrating the employees and business cultures; retaining existing customers and suppliers, or obtaining new customers and suppliers; risks associated with managing a larger and more complex company; 26 Table of Contents loss of institutional knowledge or lack of access to IT systems and historical data, including clinical or trial data; the challenge and cost of integrating manufacturing, logistics, IT, communications and other systems; the potential difficulty transitioning acquired assets to the Company and retaining key personnel and other employees; challenges in reducing reliance on transition services, including difficulties in hiring employees or finding suitable replacements, prior to the expiration of any period in which such services are provided; and reducing costs associated with transition services, including managing the amount for replacement costs. The process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of Viatris businesses. In addition, integration activities have in the past and may in the future require Viatris senior management to devote considerable amounts of time to these activities, which has in the past and could in the future decrease the time they have to manage and service Viatris existing businesses, and develop new products or strategies. Even if integration activities are successful, we may not achieve anticipated synergies, growth opportunities and other financial and operating benefits within the timeline we anticipate, or at all. If integration activities are unsuccessful, if the estimated costs are higher than anticipated, or if we are unable to realize the anticipated synergies and other benefits, there could be a material adverse effect on Viatris business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, and/or stock price. The imposition of tariffs on, or other trade restrictions or domestic sourcing requirements in, the territories and countries where we, our partners, suppliers, or customers do business, as well as any retaliatory actions with respect to such actions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, and/or stock price. The U.S. has imposed or is considering imposing tariffs on certain imports from other countries, including pharmaceutical products, ingredients and inputs, which could significantly impact our cost of doing business. The imposition of adopted, new, announced or proposed tariffs, trade restrictions or domestic sourcing requirements on pharmaceutical imports, including but not limited to products, ingredients, and inputs (such as API), could result in increased costs of goods and prices, disruptions to our supply chain, manufacturing delays, supply shortages, and adverse impacts to clinical trials. These measures could also result in decreased profit margins on certain of our products. Decreased or negative profit margins have in the past, and could in the future, make the production of certain of our products unsustainable, thereby reducing our net sales as well as access for patients. In addition, we may be restricted in our ability to adapt, or may be unable or unsuccessful in adapting, to these impacts and challenges due to, among other things, the terms of our current customer, supply or distribution agreements, or the need to obtain regulatory approval prior to making any changes to our manufacturing locations, processes or suppliers. Existing, announced, and future tariffs, trade agreements, or domestic sourcing requirements, as well as potential exemptions, could also provide our competitors with an advantage to the extent such future impacts disproportionately affect us compared with them. The impact of any adopted, announced, new or proposed tariffs, trade restrictions or domestic sourcing requirements on our business continues to be subject to a number of factors that we cannot predict, including, but not limited to, the scope, nature, amount, effective date and duration of any such measures. Furthermore, general uncertainty related to adopted, new or potential tariffs, trade restrictions and domestic sourcing requirements has in the past reduced and could in the future further reduce global economic activity, thereby resulting in additional adverse impacts to us. We have and may continue to experience pressure on the pricing of and reimbursements for certain of our products due to pricing controls, social or government pressure to lower the cost of drugs, and consolidation across the supply chain. We operate in a challenging environment, with significant pressures on the pricing of our products and on our ability to obtain and maintain satisfactory rates of reimbursement for our products by governments, insurers and other payors. We face numerous cost-containment measures by governments and other payors, including certain government-imposed industry-wide price reductions, caps on price increases, mandatory rebates or pricing, international reference pricing (i.e., the practice of a country linking its regulated medicine prices to those of other countries), VBP, tender systems, shifting of the payment burden to patients through higher co-payments, and requirements for increased transparency on pricing, all of which may have an adverse impact on the pricing of our products. In addition, rates of inflation have increased and may continue to increase pressure on governments, insurers and other payors to implement additional cost containment measures. There is no guarantee that these cost containment measures will be rolled back in the event that inflation rates decrease in the future. Recent actions by the Administration to establish most-favored-nation drug pricing pilot programs and its entrance into most-favored-nation drug pricing agreements with our competitors, could negatively impact the financial performance of innovative pipeline products and impact the business development environment. 27 Table of Contents Many markets in which we operate have implemented or may implement tender systems for generic pharmaceuticals in an effort to lower prices. Under such tender systems, manufacturers submit bids which establish prices for generic pharmaceutical products. Upon winning the tender, the winning company will receive a preferential reimbursement for a period of time. If our bids do not win, we may not be able to participate in the given market or may lose out on market share. While criteria other than price can be included in tenders, tender systems often select the lowest bid, which often results in companies underbidding one another by proposing low pricing in order to win the tender. Other markets may also consider the implementation of a tender system, and even if a tender system or other price controls are ultimately not implemented, the anticipation of such could result in price reductions. In the EU, U.K. and some other international markets, the government provides healthcare at low cost to consumers and regulates pharmaceutical prices, patient eligibility and/or reimbursement levels to control costs for the government-sponsored healthcare system. These systems of price regulations may lead to inconsistent and lower prices. The availability of our products in some markets at lower prices undermines our sales in other markets with higher prices. Additionally, certain countries set prices by reference to the prices in other countries where our products are marketed. Thus, our inability to secure adequate prices in a particular country may also impair our ability to obtain acceptable prices in existing and potential new markets and may create the opportunity for third party cross-border trade. In addition to the impacts of these government-sponsored healthcare systems, in the EU, U.K. and other international markets, certain governmental agencies have enacted, or are considering enacting, further measures to decrease the costs of providing healthcare, including government mandated price reductions and/or other forms of price controls, including retrospective clawback price reductions. In China, pricing pressures have increased in recent years, and the Chinese government has also increased its focus on patient access and reimbursement for pharmaceutical medicines. For example, in 2013, China began to implement a QCE process for post-LOE products to improve the quality of domestically manufactured generic drugs, primarily by requiring such drugs to pass a test to assess their bioequivalence to a qualified reference drug (typically the originator drug). Effective January 1, 2024, China implemented measures that aim to further improve quality management of drugs, including, among other things, stipulating additional responsibilities of marketing authorization holders and medical institutions to have a robust quality management system with respect to drug purchase, storage and use. In addition, since 2018, China's National Healthcare Security Administration, in conjunction with relevant departments, has been promoting a centralized VBP policy for drugs, which has become standard practice and subjects many drugs to a competitive bidding process. Molecules subject to the VBP bidding process have seen significant price cuts, with some bidders reducing the price of their products by as much as 96% as they attempt to secure volumes on the Chinese pharmaceutical market. We expect pricing pressures on our products included in the VBP bidding process to continue to increase as a result of this policy. We have failed, and may continue to fail, to win bids due to various factors, including uncompetitive bidding prices. In addition, the URP policy will cap reimbursement of molecules at their VBP tender winning price. URP will create additional pricing and volume pressure for pharmaceutical products that are subject to the program and is expected to negatively impact our results of operations. Demand for our products also depends in part on the extent to which reimbursements are available. In the U.S., third-party payors increasingly challenge the pricing of pharmaceutical products. These trends and other trends toward managed healthcare, the vertical consolidation among insurers, PBMs and pharmacies, and legislative healthcare reform create significant uncertainties regarding the future levels of payment, price or reimbursement for pharmaceutical products. Further, any payment, price or reimbursement may be reduced in the future to the point that market demand for our products and/or our profitability declines. Changes to Medicare and/or state Medicaid programs, or changes required in the way in which Medicare payment rates are set, the design of the Medicare Part D and Part B benefits, and/or the way Medicare or Medicaid rebates are calculated, could adversely affect the payment we receive for our products. In order to control expenditures on pharmaceuticals, most member states in the EU regulate the pricing of products and, in some cases, limit the range of different forms of pharmaceuticals available for prescription by national health services. These controls can result in considerable price differences between member states. There has also been increasing U.S. federal and state legislative and enforcement interest with respect to drug pricing, as well as from international organizations like the United Nations, WHO and OECD, in addition to intense publicity and scrutiny regarding such matters, including publicity and pressure resulting from prices charged by competitors and peer companies for new products as well as price increases by competitors and peer companies on older products that some have deemed excessive. In addition, there have been executive orders, legislation, and legislative and regulatory proposals, including in connection with government programs such as Medicare, concerning drug prices and related issues, including the perceived need to bring more transparency to drug pricing, reviewing the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reforming government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. Some states have also signed into law programs that compel manufacturers to provide certain medicines at free or reduced costs to certain patients, and additional states are exploring such programs. Although we continue to expect to see focus on regulating pricing, we cannot predict what, if any, 28 Table of Contents additional changes in legislative or regulatory priorities and personnel may transpire at the state or federal level, or what the ultimate impact may be. In the U.S., certain of these pressures are further compounded by increasing consolidation among wholesalers, retailer drug chains, PBMs, private insurers, managed care organizations and other private payors, which can increase their negotiating power. Please also refer to A significant portion of our revenues is derived from sales to a limited number of customers. The numerous cost-containment measures by governments and other payors, failing to win tenders, the implementation of price control systems, adverse legislation and regulation, the consolidation of our customers, or continued social or government pressure to lower the cost of pharmaceutical products could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, and/or stock price. Healthcare reform legislation could have a material adverse effect on our business. In recent years, there have been numerous initiatives on the federal and state levels for comprehensive reforms affecting the payment for, the availability of and reimbursement for, healthcare services in the U.S., and it is likely that Congress, the Administration, and state legislatures and health agencies will continue to focus on healthcare reform in the future. In 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was enacted, which includes numerous Medicare reforms that will affect reimbursement for certain pharmaceuticals covered by Medicare and modify the Part D and Part B program structure, including shifting the liability for certain prescription drug costs shared between Medicare, pharmaceutical manufacturers, and Part D plans. These reforms include government price negotiation for certain high-spend, single-source Medicare drugs, out-of-pocket caps for Medicare beneficiaries using insulin products, and the application of inflation-based rebates for certain Medicare drugs. The implementation of the Inflation Reduction Act, including the drug price negotiation provision, inflation penalties, and Part D redesign is currently underway and could negatively affect certain Viatris portfolio products based on future pricing decisions, changes in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U), and the potential for shifting payor preferences based on the Part D redesign and requirements to cover drugs selected for negotiation. We are unable to predict the future course of federal or state healthcare legislation in the U.S. or reform or the outcome of challenges to such laws or reforms once passed. For example, changes to or reductions in subsidies of individual insurance plans on the healthcare exchanges in 2026 have led to a reduction in the number of individuals with health insurance in the U.S., which could lead to correlating reductions in spending on pharmaceuticals and increased reliance on our patient support programs. Instability related to government funding, particularly Congressionally appropriated funds used by the FDA or user fees, or heightened levels of staff departures at key regulatory agencies, could lead to increased regulatory uncertainty and delayed approvals for NDAs and ANDAs. Significant additional reforms to the U.S. healthcare system, including changes to the ACA, Medicare and Medicaid, modifications to the Inflation Reduction Act, or changes to other laws or regulatory frameworks in other markets in which we operate, that reduce our revenues or increase our costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, and/or stock price. We have significant operations globally, which exposes us to the risks inherent in conducting our business internationally. Our operations extend to numerous countries globally and therefore are subject to the risks inherent in this geographic scope. These risks include, but are not limited to: compliance with the national and local laws, regulations and customs of countries in which we do business, including, but not limited to, data privacy and protection, environmental and social regulations, import/export and enforcement of intellectual property rights; less established legal and regulatory regimes in certain jurisdictions, including China, where the interpretation and enforcement of laws, rules and regulations may involve uncertainties and can be inconsistent; litigation, administrative and court proceedings may be protracted, expensive and unpredictable; governments in certain jurisdictions may favor local businesses and make it more difficult for foreign businesses to operate on an equal footing, including but not limited to by promoting or requiring the local manufacture of pharmaceutical products and API or the establishment of local sites and offices; increased uncertainties related to the enforcement of contracts with certain parties; compliance with a variety of U.S. laws including, but not limited to, trade controls or sanctions, regulations put forth by the U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 and rules relating to the use of certain conflict minerals under Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and the Consumer Protection Act; 29 Table of Contents sanctions and our interpretation of those sanctions, trade controls, supply chain and staffing challenges as a result of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine that have impacted and may continue to impact our ability to market or sell pharmaceuticals in either country or subject us to increased government scrutiny, and a significant escalation or expansion of the conflict s current scope may have a negative impact on our operations and financial results in future periods; instability in the Middle East, especially the conflict in Israel and Gaza, has impacted and may continue to impact our and our partners ability to develop and manufacture products in the region and to transport those products to other markets, and has impacted and may continue to impact the ability of regulators to conduct required inspections at our or our partners manufacturing facilities in the region. The conflict has also impacted our and our partners ability to market or sell pharmaceutical products in the area, and has caused and may continue to cause other disruptions to the supply chain. A significant escalation or expansion of the conflict s current scope may have a negative impact on our operations and financial results in future periods; changes in laws, regulations, and practices that impact the pharmaceutical industry and/or healthcare systems, including but not limited to imports, exports, manufacturing, quality, cost, pricing, reimbursement, approval, inspection, and delivery of healthcare; changes in policies designed to promote foreign investment, including significant tax incentives, liberalized import and export duties, and preferential rules on foreign investment and repatriation; differing local product preferences and product requirements; adverse changes in the economies in which we or our partners and suppliers operate as a result of a slowdown in overall growth; government shutdowns or changes in government or economic policies, elections, or financial, political, or social change or instability that affects the markets or countries in which we or our partners operate; reductions in funding by U.S. governmental agencies for certain products in our Emerging Markets region; changes in employment or labor laws, or wage increases in the countries in which we or our partners and suppliers operate; local, regional and global restrictions on banking and commercial activities in certain markets, especially emerging markets; longer payment cycles and increased exposure to counterparty risk; volatility in international financial markets and increased foreign currency risk; inflation or hyperinflation in certain markets, including Turkey and Egypt; supply disruptions and increases in energy and transportation costs; imposition of adopted, new, announced or proposed tariffs, trade restrictions or domestic sourcing requirements, including but not limited to products, ingredients, and inputs (such as API) on products sold between the U.S. and other countries as a result of recent trade policy shifts in the U.S. and other countries; changing or increasing requirements related to the domestic or regional manufacture of pharmaceutical products, or other country of origin policies, in the U.S., EU, and other jurisdictions globally, including changes in U.S. government procurement laws for pharmaceutical products related to compliance with the Trade Agreements Act or country of origin policies, changes in U.S. agency procurement policies for pharmaceutical products manufactured in India or China, or changes in relevant customs, import, and export laws; burdens to comply with multiple, changing and potentially conflicting laws, regulations and disclosure requirements, including those relating to environmental, social and governance matters, carbon emissions, health and safety, labor and human rights; natural or man-made disasters, including droughts, floods, earthqu