=== VTRS_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A Risk Factors We may not realize the intended benefits of, or achieve the intended goals or outlooks with respect to, our strategic initiatives and priorities, including divestitures, acquisitions or other potential transactions. , If we are unable to successfully introduce new products in a timely manner, our future revenue and profitability may be adversely affected. and We expend a significant amount of resources on R D efforts that may not lead to successful product introductions. Unless otherwise indicated, industry data included in this Item 1 are sourced from IQVIA Holdings Inc. and are for the twelve months ended November 2025 and Viatris product and other company data included in this Item 1 are from internal sources and are as of November 30, 2025. Organization Upjohn was incorporated in Delaware on February 14, 2019 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pfizer to operate the Upjohn Business. Effective as of November 16, 2020, Upjohn, Mylan and Pfizer consummated the combination of Mylan with the Upjohn Business through a Reverse Morris Trust transaction, Viatris became the parent entity of the combined Upjohn Business and Mylan business, and Upjohn changed its name to Viatris Inc. As a result of the Combination, Mylan ceased to exist as a separate legal entity after merging with and into Mylan II B.V., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Viatris. The Upjohn Business was a global, primarily off-patent branded and generic established medicines business, which included 20 primarily off-patent oral solid dose legacy brands, such as Lyrica , Lipitor , Celebrex and Viagra . Mylan was founded in 1961 as a privately-owned company and grew over time into one of the largest manufacturers of generic medicines in the U.S. Mylan became a publicly traded company in 1973. Mylan s strategy then led to many acquisitions which played a significant role in the evolution of that company, including Matrix Laboratories Limited (2007); 11 Table of Contents Merck KGaA s generic and specialty pharmaceutical business (2007); Abbott Laboratories non-U.S. developed markets specialty and branded generics business (2015) and Meda AB (publ.) (2016). These acquisitions assisted in creating robust research, manufacturing, supply chain and commercial platforms on a global scale; substantially expanding its portfolio of medicines; diversifying by geography, product type and channel; maintaining its commitment to quality; and cultivating its global workforce. Business Model and Operations At Viatris, we have a relentless focus on delivering access at scale. Our strength is in our diversity. Our business and operating model is deliberately designed and implemented to deliver on our strategy to provide and sustain access to medicine at scale. We seek to create value for and together with our key stakeholders the people who trust our medicines every day, the health systems who rely on us, the people who make up Viatris, our partners and the investors who believe in our ability to execute on our ambitious mission. We are convinced that patients and health systems around the world are best served by a healthcare company applying a well-rounded and long-term approach, maintaining viability while working to manage inherent risks and opportunities and continuously striving to advance sustainable operations and responsible practices in a focused way. We see healthcare not as it is, but as it should be. We act courageously and believe we are uniquely positioned to be a source of stability in a world of evolving healthcare needs. Our mission is to empower people worldwide to live healthier at every stage of life. We do so via Access , Leadership and Partnership . ACCESS Viatris provides high-quality, trusted medicines, regardless of geography or circumstance. As noted above, access is fundamental to the Company s mission. It is not an initiative; it is Viatris business model, and it is personal. It begins with Viatris ability to sustainably deliver quality medicines to people, regardless of geography or circumstance. The Company believes it is uniquely positioned to bridge the traditional divide between generics and brands, combining the best of both to more holistically address healthcare needs globally. Viatris is committed to improving access to high-quality medicines and maintaining a reliable supply so patients can get the treatments they need, when and where they need them. Viatris is building on its strong foundation and existing access-driven base business while pursuing increasingly complex generics and novel and innovative products targeting gaps in care, all with a first-to-market focus to leverage its scientific and development expertise to help further accelerate access. Viatris goal is to seek opportunities to further advance reliable access to medicine through its proven scientific capabilities and extensive global platform. Viatris sees access as fundamental to empowering people worldwide to live healthier at every stage of life a powerful concept in challenging times. As a company, Viatris: Covers a broad range of therapeutic areas. The Company produces medicines for patients across a broad range of major therapeutic areas. From cardiovascular health to oncology, Viatris offers quality treatment options across more than 10 major therapeutic areas covering a wide variety of noncommunicable and infectious diseases. It also offers support services such as diagnostic clinics, educational seminars and digital tools to help patients better manage their health. Viatris continues to seek opportunities in various therapeutic areas that move the Company forward and leverage the strength of its internal capabilities and global platform. Helps ease the burden of noncommunicable diseases. According to the WHO, NCDs, such as ischemic heart disease, stroke, diabetes, certain cancers and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, are among the leading causes of death globally. NCDs affect people of every age, gender and socioeconomic status in every corner of the world, and pose a heavy burden on individuals, families and communities. To overcome this global public health threat, patients worldwide need a partner they can trust one that not only believes everyone deserves good health, but also has the portfolio, experience and expertise to make this belief a reality. 12 Table of Contents Helps hearts stay healthier. According to the WHO, coronary heart disease is the number one cause of death globally. With its acquisition of selatogrel and licensing agreement for sotagliflozin, Viatris is continuing to build on its strong presence in cardiovascular disease. Viatris collaborates with many organizations to help prevent, diagnose, and treat cardiovascular illnesses. Its deep experience in emerging and developed markets affords a tried-and-true method of achieving high impact across the patient experience, from awareness to adherence. In close collaboration with governments, healthcare providers, technology partners and patients, Viatris works to nurture healthcare systems that can adapt and respond to patients ever-changing needs. The Company continues to collaborate with medical associations, patient advocacy groups and academia to develop innovative, integrated solutions and programs to help strengthen both the delivery and quality of healthcare. Fights infectious disease. Viatris has a long history in the fight against infectious diseases such as HIV/AIDS, hepatitis, and tuberculosis, and offer an extensive portfolio across these disease states. While many important strides have been made to treat these illnesses, there is still more to be done. The Company is working with global and local partners to help prevent infections, increase access to diagnosis and treatment, provide healthcare solutions and work on local manufacturing initiatives with partners to transfer technology to expand access where it is most needed. With a portfolio that includes pediatric-friendly ARV used to treat HIV-positive infants and HIV self-tests, we are innovating to help patients. LEADERSHIP Viatris is working to further advance sustainable operations and innovative solutions to improve patient health and support more resilient healthcare systems. Viatris is committed to providing steady leadership in a world that is constantly evolving. The Company takes that commitment seriously and knows that advancing sustainable operations and innovative solutions to improve patient health requires strong global leadership. Viatris knows what it takes to reach more patients with more products, and believes that it is uniquely positioned to make a difference through its: Powerful global operating platform , which combines what it believes to be best-in-class manufacturing and supply chain capabilities. Viatris has designed its global operations and supply chain to be a reliable and flexible partner for access across the world, constantly adapting to an ever-evolving landscape. Viatris owns 27 manufacturing, packaging, and distribution sites worldwide that produce oral solid doses, injectables, and products with complex dosage forms on five different continents. Together with a global, flexible and diverse supply chain, the Company s platform strives to mitigate risks of disruption and ensure supply reliability. Viatris responsive global network has helped the Company maintain a reliable supply of much needed medicines through times of significant volatility. Viatris is committed to advancing responsible and sustainable operations and work diligently to minimize its environmental footprint across the Viatris network while safeguarding access to medicine. Robust global technical resources , including thousands of scientists, regulatory experts, clinical, medical and product safety professionals working around the world on innovative therapies and solutions for patients everywhere. Strong global commercial team , including sales team members and marketing professionals whose goal is to ensure that our products reach customers around the globe. Increasingly innovative and differentiated pipeline includes products in more than 10 major therapeutic areas, including both infectious diseases and NCDs, and medicines that help treat the top 10 leading causes of death globally, as determined by the WHO. We are a leading supplier of medicines to the HIV/AIDS community around the world, with a legacy of providing access to high-quality and affordable ARV in more than 100 countries. Viatris believes that its global leadership in all of these areas uniquely positions the Company to efficiently and effectively serve patients regardless of geography or circumstance. Together with its commitment to provide access to a sustainable, affordable, and diverse portfolio of high-quality medicines, Viatris works to improve access and meet evolving healthcare needs around the world. 13 Table of Contents PARTNERSHIP Leveraging its collective expertise to connect people to products and services. Partnerships and collaborations are critical, as are policies and strong healthcare systems that allow for healthy competitive environments. Viatris has a strong history of playing a leading role by partnering with other pharmaceutical companies, nonprofit organizations, government agencies, policymakers, trade associations and alliances, industry researchers and patient advocacy groups to promote sustainable access to treatment, build more resilient healthcare systems and drive these issues within its industry on global, regional and local levels. Many of the Company s collaborations focus on access to medicine; public awareness and disease screening; and healthcare professional education and support. Building for Growth Through Partnerships Viatris offers partners ready access to more markets and patients worldwide through the Company s unique global infrastructure and expertise, connecting more people with even more products and services they may not have the resources to reach on their own. The Company is actively engaging with potential business partners to help them accelerate possibilities of using their own healthcare assets to reach more markets and patients by leveraging Viatris unique global platform its R D, supply chain, manufacturing, regulatory, commercial and legal expertise. With the global platforms and infrastructure supporting this approach, the Company is enhancing its capital allocation approach to business development, and its organic and inorganic R D investments through a focused governance structure to ensure the highest level of strategic decision-making. As a result, Viatris periodically enters into commercial licensing and other partner agreements with other pharmaceutical companies for the development, manufacture, marketing and/or sale of pharmaceutical products. Doing so helps the Company share risks and costs, leverage strengths and scale up commercialization, but usually requires the Company to also share future profits. The result often is that medicines become available sooner and to a significantly larger group of patients. The Company s significant licensing and other partner agreements are focused on the development, manufacturing, supply and commercialization of multiple, high-value generic compounds, respiratory products, and other complex or innovative products. Refer to Note 19 Licensing and Other Partner Agreements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information. As the Company continues to expand its portfolio of more innovative, best-in-class, patent-protected assets, the Company may enter into more financial commitments in connection with agreements with its collaboration partners that provide for certain services, as well as cross manufacturing, development and licensing arrangements. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors We may not realize the intended benefits of, or achieve the intended goals or outlooks with respect to, our strategic initiatives and priorities, including divestitures, acquisitions or other potential transactions. Operations Viatris has developed an end-to-end experience across the total product life cycle, which includes global regulatory licensing, launch, growth and post-approval lifecycle management. Our research, development and medical platform seeks to maximize the impact of our existing portfolio by examining whether there is an opportunity for new indications, label extensions, formulations, and market registrations for our products. We also use our platform to determine whether there is an opportunity to integrate new products into our portfolio. The manufacturing of API and finished dosage forms is currently performed by a combination of internal and external manufacturing operations. After completing the divestiture of its API business in India, Viatris continues to maintain some selective R D capabilities in API and believes it has access to adequate API supplies through a manufacturing and supply agreement with the API business buyer and Viatris supply agreements with other manufacturers. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors - We have a limited number of manufacturing facilities and certain third-party suppliers produce a substantial portion of our API and products, some of which require a highly exacting and complex manufacturing process. of this Form 10-K. The Company s significant manufacturing, packaging, warehousing and distribution activities are located primarily in the U.S., Puerto Rico, Singapore, India, Australia, China, and certain EU countries, including Ireland. In addition, we maintain 14 Table of Contents administrative facilities around the world. While many of these key facilities are owned, Viatris also leases certain facilities from third parties. The Company believes all its facilities are in good operating condition, the machinery and equipment are well-maintained, the facilities are suitable for their intended purposes, and they have capacities adequate for the current operations. Facilities and records related to our products are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA, the EMA and other regulatory authorities in jurisdictions where the Company s products are marketed. In addition, authorities often conduct pre-approval plant inspections to determine whether the Company s systems and processes comply with current GMP and other regulations, and clinical-trial reviews to evaluate regulatory compliance and data integrity. Our suppliers, contract manufacturers, clinical trial partners and other business partners are subject to similar regulations and periodic inspections. The Company remains committed to maintaining the highest quality manufacturing standards at its facilities around the world and to continuous assessment and improvement in a time of evolving industry dynamics and regulatory expectations. Following an inspection by the FDA at our oral finished dose manufacturing facility in Indore, India in 2024, the FDA issued a warning letter and an import alert related to this facility. The import alert affects 11 products that will no longer be accepted into the U.S. until the warning letter is lifted. Following the substance of FDA s original inspection observations, the Company immediately implemented a comprehensive remediation plan at the site. During 2025, we made substantial progress on our remediation activities at the facility, including but not limited to related personnel actions. Additionally, we have engaged independent third-party subject matter experts to support the remediation plan. We have been in regular communication with the FDA during this process and will continue to work to ensure that the FDA is satisfied with the steps we have taken to resolve all the points raised. Our responses to the warning letter and import alert were submitted within the required time periods. The facility will be subject to a reinspection by the FDA. The timing of the reinspection will be determined by the FDA; however, we anticipate that the facility will be ready for reinspection in 2026. In mid-February 2026, a fire occurred in a service area at the Company's oral solid dose manufacturing facility in Nashik, India. Manufacturing at the facility has been temporarily suspended and the Company currently expects to resume operations beginning in April 2026. The Company believes it has certain insurance coverages for losses, including for assets and business interruption. In the event the plant cannot be returned to normal operations or the Company s insurance coverage is unavailable or inadequate, this event could have a negative impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. We take very seriously our continued and comprehensive oversight of our entire manufacturing network. Patient safety remains our primary and unwavering focus. We will work closely with our customers to mitigate any possible supply disruptions and meet the needs of the patients we serve. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors - The pharmaceutical industry is heavily regulated, and we face significant costs and uncertainties associated with our efforts to comply with applicable laws and regulations. of this Form 10-K. Customers and Marketing Our customers include retail and pharmacy establishments, wholesalers and distributors, payers, insurers and governments, and institutions, such as hospitals, among others. See Channel Types below for more information about our customers. The table below displays the percentage of consolidated net sales to our largest customers during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023: Percentage of Consolidated Net Sales 2025 2024 2023 McKesson Corporation * * 10 % Cencora, Inc. 11 % 12 % 10 % Cardinal Health, Inc. * * 5 % 15 Table of Contents * Net sales represented less than 10% of consolidated net sales during the period. We serve our customers through a team of highly-skilled sales and marketing professionals, all of whom are focused on establishing Viatris as our customers partner of choice. To best meet customers needs, the Company manages its business on a geographic basis. In addition to being dynamic, the pharmaceutical industry is complex. How it functions, how it is regulated and how it provides patients access varies by location. Similarly, competition is affected by many factors. Examples of factors include innovation and development, timely approval of prescription drugs by health authorities, manufacturing capabilities, product quality, marketing effectiveness, portfolio size, customer service, consumer acceptance, product price, political stability and the availability of funding for healthcare. Certain parts of our business also are affected by seasonality, e.g., due to the timing and severity of peak cough, cold and flu incidence, which can cause variability in sales trends for some of our products. While seasonality may affect quarterly comparisons within a fiscal year, it generally is not material to our annual consolidated results. For these and other reasons, the Company s sales and marketing efforts vary accordingly by product, market and channel type, each of which is described below. See the Application of Critical Accounting Policies section in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for more information related to customer arrangements. Products Viatris currently markets branded and generic drugs, including complex drugs. Branded drugs are typically prescription pharmaceuticals that are sufficiently novel as to be protected by patents or other forms of exclusivity. As such, these drugs, which bear trade names, may be produced and sold only by those owning the rights, subject to certain challenges that other companies may make. Developing new medicines can take years and significant investment. Only a few promising therapies ever enter clinical trials. Fewer still are approved for sale by health authorities, at which point marketing to healthcare providers and consumers begins. Because patents and exclusivities last many years, they serve as an incentive to developers. During the periods protected, developers often recoup their investments and earn a profit. In many high-income countries, the brand business often is characterized by higher margins on lower volumes - especially as compared with generic manufacturers. Viatris has numerous branded drugs, including iconic brands, as well as several global key brands to help patients manage their health. Brand drugs include branded generics which are off-patent products that are sold under an approved proprietary name for marketing purposes. Brand products often become branded generics once patent protections or other forms of exclusivity expire. Branded generic products are common in many countries outside the U.S., including emerging markets. Brand and branded generic products are more sensitive to promotion than are unbranded generic products. They therefore represent the primary focus of most of our sales representatives and product-level marketing activity. Our branded drugs also include certain OTC products, which are sold directly to consumers without a prescription and without reimbursement. Generic drugs are therapeutically equivalent versions of brand drugs. Generics generally become available once the patents and other exclusivities on their branded counterparts expire. The generics business is generally characterized by lower margins on higher volumes of a relatively large number of products. Our generic medicines work in the same way and provide the same clinical benefits as their as their brand-name counterparts and may cost less, providing patients and the healthcare system important savings and options which we believe are essential to making healthcare accessible. The manufacturing of generic medicines is held to the same standards of GMP by health authorities as the manufacturing of branded medicines. National health authorities inspect our facilities around the world to ensure that generic manufacturing, packaging and testing sites pass the same quality standards as those of brand drugs. Generic products typically are sold under their INNs. INNs facilitate the identification of pharmaceutical substances or API. Each INN is unique and globally recognized. A nonproprietary name also is known as a generic name. Complex drugs are medicines that could have a complex active ingredient, complex formulation, complex route of delivery or complex drug device combinations. Viatris offers a number of these important medicines to patients, including Breyna Inhalation Aerosol, the first FDA-approved generic version of Symbicort , Wixela Inhub , the first generic of Advair Diskus , glatiramer acetate injection, a generic version of Copaxone , and its generic iron sucrose injection. Our current complex products are considered generics and are included within our generics revenue category. 16 Table of Contents As the Company looks to the future, Viatris goal is to leverage its proven scientific capabilities to create a durable and higher-margin portfolio of products, including innovative, best-in-class, patent-protected assets. While Viatris will continue to diligently pursue important generics opportunities and invest in the lifecycle management of certain key products in our current portfolio, the Company expects to increasingly focus on limited-competition complex and novel products targeting areas of significant unmet medical need, all with a first-to-market emphasis and serving our mission of patient access. The Company believes innovative and complex products categories are critical to patient health and are growing at a rapid pace. The Company is further enhancing its commercial and scientific capabilities as needed for this future portfolio and intends to increase its R D investment as well as inorganically grow via business development. We also often incur substantial litigation expense as a result of defending or challenging brand patents or exclusivities, which is described further in Note 20 Litigation included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Market Types Viatris focuses its sales and marketing efforts on the people who make key decisions around pharmaceutical prescribing, dispensing or buying. Decision makers vary by country or region, reflecting law and custom, giving rise to different types of pharmaceutical markets. Many countries feature a mix of or hybrids of various market types, though the Company may focus on just one type in a particular country. In prescription markets, physicians decide which medicines patients will take. Pharmacies then dispense the products as directed. Drug companies employ sales forces to educate doctors about the clinical benefits of their products. Representatives call on individual doctors or group practices; the process is known as detailing. Examples of countries served by Viatris that are mainly prescription markets are the U.S. brand business, China, Turkey, Poland and Mexico. In substitution markets, pharmacists generally are authorized (and in some cases required) by law to dispense an unbranded or branded generic, if available, in place of a brand-name medicine, or vice versa. Drug companies may use sales forces in these markets too, with representatives calling on and educating pharmacy personnel about their organization and products. Examples of countries served by Viatris that are mainly substitution markets are France, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Japan and Australia. In tender markets, payers, such as governments or insurance companies, negotiate the lowest price for a drug (or group of drugs) on behalf of their constituents or members. In exchange, the chosen supplier s product is placed on the payer s formulary, or list of covered prescriptions. Often, a supplier s drug is the only one available in an entire class of drugs. Large sales forces are not needed to reach these decision-makers. Examples of generic markets served by Viatris that are mainly tender markets are New Zealand, Sweden, South Africa, as well as Germany. In distribution markets, retailers and wholesalers make drug-purchasing decisions. Large sales forces are not needed to reach the decision-makers representing these organizations. Note, however, that pharmacists operating in distribution markets also may be authorized to make substitution decisions when dispensing medicines. Examples of countries served by Viatris that are mainly distribution markets are the U.S. generics business, the U.K. and Norway. The allocation of our sales and marketing resources reflects the characteristics of these different market types. For OTC products, consumers are the decision-makers. OTC products are commonly sold via retail channels, such as pharmacies, drugstores and supermarkets. This makes their sale and marketing comparable to other retail businesses, with broad advertising and trade-channel promotion. Consumers often are loyal to well-known OTC brands. For this reason, suppliers of OTC products, including Viatris, must invest the time and resources needed to build strong OTC brand names. Channel Types Viatris products make their way to patients through a variety of intermediaries, or channels. Pharmaceutical wholesalers/distributors purchase prescription medicines and other medical products directly from manufacturers for storage in warehouses and distribution centers. The distributors then fill orders placed by healthcare providers and other authorized buyers. Pharmaceutical retailers purchase products directly from manufacturers or wholesalers/distributors. They then sell them to consumers in relatively small quantities for personal use. 17 Table of Contents Institutional pharmacies address the unique needs of hospitals, nursing homes and other such venues. Among the services provided are specialized packaging, including for injectables and unit-dose products, for controlled administra