=== TFC_2026-02-24.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors for examples of such challenges and events. Regulatory and Supervisory Considerations We are subject to an extensive regulatory framework that affects the products and services that we may offer and the manner in which we may offer them, the risks that we may take, the ways in which we may operate, and the corporate and financial actions that we may take, including our ability to make distributions to shareholders. Bank regulation and supervision are intended primarily for the protection of depositors and other customers, the DIF, and the role and stability of the U.S. financial system, rather than for the protection of shareholders and non-deposit creditors. We are supervised by federal and state governmental agencies that conduct comprehensive examinations of our activities. These agencies have broad authority to enforce many of the statutes, regulations, and other laws that apply to us. If one or more of our supervisors determine that we have failed to comply with applicable law, comport with safe and sound practices, or meet supervisory expectations, they may take formal or informal enforcement actions against us or assign supervisory ratings to us that could restrict or otherwise impact our businesses or operations. In addition, we are subject to the rules and oversight of the self-regulatory organizations to which we belong. This section describes elements of the regulatory framework that applies to us. These descriptions, however, are qualified in their entirety by the full text and judicial or administrative interpretations of applicable laws and may not cover possible or proposed changes to applicable laws. Portions of these laws may be subject to ongoing or future litigation or administrative actions that may affect their scope or interpretation and their applicability to or impact on Truist. General Truist Financial Corporation, a BHC that has elected to be an FHC, is subject to the BHCA and consolidated regulation and supervision by the FRB. Truist Bank, a North Carolina state-chartered commercial bank that is not a member of the Federal Reserve System, is subject to regulation and supervision by the NCCOB and the FDIC. Truist Bank and its affiliates are also subject to regulation and supervision by the CFPB in relation to certain federal consumer financial protection laws. Truist and certain of its subsidiaries are subject to federal and state laws governing derivatives transactions, securities underwriting, market making, brokerage, and investment advisory activities and are regulated and supervised by the SEC, the CFTC, FINRA, the MSRB, and the NFA. Supervisory examination topics include earnings, liquidity, sensitivity to market risk, regulatory capital, asset quality, risk management, compliance, internal controls, information technology, and management and board effectiveness. Following examinations, Truist and Truist Bank are assigned supervisory ratings. These ratings together with examination reports and findings, which are considered confidential supervisory information, can have a significant impact on our business, operations, growth, and profitability. 6 Truist Financial Corporation Our supervisors may also impose civil money penalties or restrictions and limitations on our activities if they determine that we have failed to comply with applicable law, including by engaging in unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices, or have operated in an unsafe or unsound manner. The content of the regulatory framework and the intensity of supervision have in the past and are likely in the future to vary over time based on factors such as prevailing economic and political conditions, the policy preferences of relevant government agencies, the perceived performance of the financial services industry, the size of the company, and the jurisdiction in which the company is organized or operates. This variation has in the recent past and may in the future be frequent and uncertain. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for more information on legal, regulatory, and compliance risks. FHC Regulation Truist has elected to be treated as an FHC. As long as an FHC maintains its standing as an FHC, it may engage in a broader range of activities than would otherwise be permissible for a BHC, such as securities underwriting, merchant banking, and other activities that are financial in nature or incidental or complementary thereto. If certain conditions are met, FHCs may acquire shares of nonbank companies, with any acquisition of a nonbank company or voting shares of a nonbank company with total consolidated assets of $10 billion or more subject to the prior approval of the FRB. To maintain its standing as an FHC, an FHC and its IDI subsidiaries must be well-capitalized and well managed as defined by applicable law, and any IDI subsidiary must have at least a satisfactory CRA rating. If the FRB determines that an FHC is not well-capitalized or well managed, the FRB may impose corrective capital and managerial requirements on the FHC, which could affect resources and limit amounts otherwise available to creditors and shareholders. In such a situation, the FRB may also place limitations on the ability of an FHC to conduct certain business activities that FHCs are generally permitted to conduct as well as the FHC s ability to make certain acquisitions. If the failure to meet these standards persists, an FHC may be required to divest its IDI subsidiaries or cease all activities other than those activities that may be conducted by BHCs that are not FHCs. Furthermore, if an IDI subsidiary of an FHC has not maintained a satisfactory CRA rating, the FHC would not be able to commence any new financial activities or acquire a company that engages in such activities, although the FHC would still be allowed to engage in activities that may be conducted by BHCs that are not FHCs. Federal law requires an FHC to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for its subsidiary IDIs. In times of severe financial stress, the obligation to serve as a source of strength could cause Truist to commit significant resources to supporting Truist Bank that otherwise would be available to Truist s creditors and shareholders. Resolution Planning As a Category III banking organization, Truist is required to submit a plan to the FRB and the FDIC periodically for Truist s orderly resolution in the event of severe financial stress (a 165(d) Resolution Plan ). If the agencies were to determine that Truist s 165(d) Resolution Plan is not credible, they would provide a joint notice identifying one or more deficiencies that could undermine the feasibility of the plan. If Truist were to receive such a notice and fail to timely submit a revised 165(d) Resolution Plan or adequately address the identified deficiencies, the agencies may subject Truist to formal or informal enforcement actions, including more stringent capital, leverage, or liquidity requirements or restrictions on growth, activities, or operations. Truist submitted its most recent 165(d) Resolution Plan on September 30, 2025. The next targeted plan is due July 1, 2028. In addition, as an IDI with over $50 billion in assets, Truist Bank is required to periodically submit to the FDIC a separate bank-level resolution plan (an IDI Resolution Plan ). In 2024, the FDIC adopted a final rule that significantly modified the required frequency and informational content of IDI Resolution Plans. As a result of the rule, Truist Bank must submit a full IDI Resolution Plan to the FDIC every three years and an interim supplement in other years. The final rule introduced a new credibility standard for evaluating the adequacy of IDI Resolution Plan submissions, set expectations for capabilities testing, and contemplated increased engagement between IDIs and examiners. The application of the new credibility standard may require the exercise of a meaningful degree of judgment by the FDIC. If Truist Bank s IDI Resolution Plan were not to satisfy the credibility standard or any other provision of the rule, the FDIC may require Truist Bank to revise portions of it. If Truist Bank were to fail to timely submit a revised IDI Resolution Plan or adequately address the identified deficiencies, the FDIC may subject Truist Bank to formal or informal enforcement actions. Truist Bank s first interim supplement was submitted on July 1, 2025, and its full IDI Resolution Plan submission is due July 1, 2026. Enhanced Prudential Standards and Regulatory Tailoring Rules U.S. BHCs, including Truist, are subject to a range of prudential standards and requirements based on their size and complexity. Under tailoring rules adopted by the U.S. banking agencies, Truist is subject to the standards and requirements applicable to Category III banking organizations, which generally include BHCs with greater than $250 billion, but less than $700 billion, in total consolidated assets and less than $75 billion in certain risk-related exposures. Truist Financial Corporation 7 Truist is therefore subject to more stringent liquidity and capital requirements, leverage limits, internal and supervisory stress testing requirements, single-counterparty credit limits, resolution planning requirements, and enhanced risk management standards compared to smaller institutions, while certain larger banking organizations are subject to even more stringent prudential standards and requirements than Truist. Capital Requirements Truist and Truist Bank are subject to risk-based and leverage regulatory capital requirements, which are established by the FRB for Truist and by the FDIC for Truist Bank. Failure of an FHC or an IDI to be well-capitalized as defined by applicable law or to meet minimum capital requirements can result in enforcement and other supervisory actions and have a significantly adverse impact on the institution s business and operations. The U.S. risk-based regulatory capital rules are based on the Basel Framework developed by the BCBS for strengthening the regulation, supervision, and risk management of banks as well as certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. These rules prescribe minimum capital levels and allow the FRB and the FDIC to impose incremental capital requirements on a banking organization based on its size, complexity, or risk profile to enhance its ability to operate in a safe and sound manner. Under the standardized approach of the regulatory capital rules that Truist and Truist Bank are required to use, risk weights are applied to their assets, exposures, and certain off-balance sheet items to determine their risk-weighted assets. These risk-weighted assets are the denominator in the following minimum capital ratios for Truist and Truist Bank: CET1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio, equal to the ratio of CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets. CET1 capital primarily includes common shareholders equity and retained earnings, subject to certain regulatory adjustments and deductions, including with respect to goodwill, intangible assets, certain deferred tax assets, and AOCI. Truist must maintain a minimum CET1 capital ratio of 4.5% plus any additional CET1 mandated as a result of the SCB requirement. Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio, equal to the ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets. Tier 1 capital is primarily composed of CET1 capital, perpetual preferred stock, and certain qualifying capital instruments. Truist must maintain a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0%. Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio, equal to the ratio of total capital, including CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital, and Tier 2 capital, to risk-weighted assets. Tier 2 capital primarily includes qualifying subordinated debt and qualifying ALLL. Tier 2 capital also includes certain trust preferred securities. Truist must maintain a minimum total capital ratio of 8.0%. Under the FRB s capital framework for BHCs, Truist is subject to the SCB, an incremental risk-based capital requirement determined from supervisory stress test results. The SCB is equal to the greater of (i) the difference between Truist s starting and minimum projected CET1 capital ratios under the severely adverse scenario in the supervisory stress test, plus the sum of the dollar amount of its planned common stock dividends for each of the fourth through seventh quarters of the planning horizon as a percentage of risk-weighted assets, or (ii) 2.5% of risk-weighted assets. Truist is required to describe its planned capital actions in its CCAR capital plan but is not required to seek prior approval for capital distributions in excess of those included in its CCAR capital plan. Instead, Truist is subject to automatic restrictions on capital distributions if its capital ratios fall below applicable minimum requirements, inclusive of the SCB. Refer to the section titled Capital Planning and Stress Testing Requirements for more information on the CCAR capital plan. The FRB has assigned Truist an SCB of 2.5%, which was effective from October 1, 2025 to September 30, 2026, when a revised SCB ordinarily would be provided to Truist. On February 4, 2026, the FRB notified Truist of a determination to extend until October 1, 2027, the deadlines for providing Truist with notice of its preliminary and final SCB requirements calculated in 2026. The FRB explained that its proposal from October 2025, seeking public comment on the models that the FRB planned to use for the 2026 supervisory stress test was still outstanding and was not expected to be finalized before conducting the 2026 supervisory stress test. As a result, absent further action from the FRB, Truist will continue to be subject to its current SCB requirement of 2.5% until 2027, when a new SCB based on updated models can be calculated. If Truist takes part in the supervisory stress test in 2027 as expected, Truist would receive a new final SCB requirement based on the results of a supervisory stress test conducted in 2027. If Truist continues to be subject to the capital plan rule but does not take part in the supervisory stress test in 2027, a final SCB requirement would be assigned that has been adjusted to account for Truist s updated planned common stock dividends. The FRB reserved the authority to modify these deadlines based on a change in actual or expected economic conditions, a change in the financial condition of Truist or its risk profile, or other factors that could affect the safety and soundness of Truist. 8 Truist Financial Corporation At the FRB s discretion, certain large banking organizations, including Truist, may be subject to a CCyB of up to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets. This buffer is currently set at zero. An FRB policy statement establishes the framework and factors the FRB would use in setting and adjusting the CCyB. Covered banking organizations would generally have 12 months after the announcement of any increase in the CCyB to meet the increased buffer requirement, unless the FRB establishes an earlier effective date. Based on Truist s current SCB, if the maximum CCyB amount is implemented, Truist would be required to maintain a CET1 capital ratio of at least 9.5%, a Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 11.0%, and a total capital ratio of at least 13.0% to avoid limitations on capital distributions and certain discretionary incentive compensation payments. Certain large banking organizations with significant trading assets and liabilities, including Truist, are subject to the Market Risk Rule and must adjust their risk-based capital ratios to reflect the market risk of their trading activities. Refer to the Market Risk section in MD A for additional disclosures related to market risk management. Truist and Truist Bank are subject to a Tier 1 leverage ratio, equal to the ratio of Tier 1 capital to quarterly average assets, net of goodwill, certain other intangible assets, and certain other deductions. Category III banking organizations are also subject to a minimum 3.0% supplementary leverage ratio. The supplementary leverage ratio is calculated by dividing Tier 1 capital by total leverage exposure, which takes into account on-balance sheet assets as well as certain off-balance sheet items, including loan commitments and potential future exposure of derivative contracts. For purposes of certain FRB rules, including determining whether a BHC meets the requirements to be an FHC, the BHC must maintain a Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio of 6.0% or greater and a Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio of 10.0% or greater to be well-capitalized. The FRB may require a BHC to maintain capital ratios in excess of mandated minimum levels, depending upon general economic conditions and the BHC s particular condition, risk profile, and growth plans. In July 2023, the U.S. banking agencies issued a proposal to revise the risk-based capital standards applicable to Truist and Truist Bank. The U.S. banking agencies have indicated their intent to re-propose the revised risk-based capital standards. The potential impacts on Truist and Truist Bank of a final rule remain uncertain. Refer to the Capital section in MD A for additional information on minimum regulatory capital ratios and well-capitalized minimum ratios applicable to Category III banking organizations. Capital Planning and Stress Testing Requirements Under the FRB s CCAR process and related capital plan rule, Truist must submit an annual capital plan to the FRB that reflects its projected financial performance under hypothetical macro-economic scenarios, including stress scenarios designed by Truist and a supervisory severely adverse scenario provided by the FRB. The FRB s CCAR framework and the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing framework require BHCs subject to Category III standards, such as Truist, to conduct company-run stress tests and submit to supervisory stress tests conducted by the FRB. Company-run stress tests employ stress scenarios provided by the FRB and incorporate Dodd-Frank Act capital actions intended to normalize capital distribution assumptions across large U.S. BHCs. Truist is required to conduct additional stress tests using internally-developed scenarios tailored to its unique risk profile. The FRB conducts CCAR and Dodd-Frank Act supervisory stress tests employing internal supervisory models and supervisory stress scenarios. As a Category III banking organization, Truist is subject to annual supervisory stress testing and biennial company-run stress testing requirements. Truist is required to submit its next capital plan and the results of its internal stress tests to the FRB by April 5, 2026. The FRB is expected to announce the results of its supervisory stress tests by June 30, 2026. In April 2025, the FRB issued a proposed rule that would result in the SCB being calculated based on an average of a banking organization s stress test results over two consecutive years, which is intended to reduce volatility in banking organizations capital requirements. In October 2025, the FRB issued proposals to enhance the transparency and public accountability of its annual supervisory stress test. The proposals request comment on several elements of the stress test, including the models and scenarios used; an enhanced disclosure process for the scenarios and material model changes in future stress test cycles; modifications to reporting forms; and an adjusted timeline for the annual process to accommodate a comment period for scenarios and material model changes. Truist Financial Corporation 9 Liquidity Requirements Certain BHCs and their bank subsidiaries, including Truist and Truist Bank, are subject to a minimum LCR and NSFR. The LCR rule requires that banking organizations maintain an amount of eligible HQLA that is sufficient within the parameters of the rule to meet estimated total net cash outflows over a prospective 30 calendar-day period of stress. The NSFR rule defines a minimum amount of stable, long-term funding that banking organizations must maintain in relation to their asset composition and off-balance sheet activities. The NSFR, calculated as the ratio of available stable funding to required stable funding, must exceed 1.0x for banking organizations required to meet the full requirement. Available stable funding represents a weighted measure of a company s funding sources over a one-year time horizon, calculated by applying standardized weightings to the company s equity and liabilities based on their expected stability. Required Stable Funding is calculated by applying standardized weighting to assets, derivatives exposures, and certain other items based on their liquidity characteristics. As a Category III banking organization, Truist and Truist Bank are subject to LCR and NSFR requirements equal to 85% of the full requirement. Truist is also subject to FRB rules that require certain large BHCs to conduct internal liquidity stress tests over a range of time horizons, maintain a buffer of highly liquid assets sufficient to meet projected net outflows under the BHC s 30-day liquidity stress test, and maintain a contingency funding plan. Long-Term Debt and Clean Holding Company Requirements U.S. banking agencies issued a proposed rule that would require banking organizations with $100 billion or more in total assets to comply with long-term debt requirements and clean holding company requirements that currently apply only to GSIBs. This proposal would also impose a long-term debt requirement on certain categories of IDIs, including IDIs with $100 billion or more in total assets, such as Truist Bank. The clean holding company requirements would limit or prohibit banking organizations such as Truist from entering into certain transactions that could impede its orderly resolution, including transactions that could spread losses to subsidiaries and third parties or could limit the amount of Truist s liabilities that are not eligible long-term debt. The timing and form of any final rule implementing the long-term debt requirements and clean holding company requirements remains uncertain. Payment of Dividends The Parent Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiaries. The Parent Company depends in part upon dividends received from its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Truist Bank, to fund its activities, including capital distributions such as dividends and share repurchases. Federal law limits Truist Bank s ability to declare and pay dividends to the Parent Company, including under regulatory capital requirements, safety-and-soundness requirements, and requirements relating to the payment of dividends out of net profits, surplus, and available earnings. Certain contractual restrictions also may limit the ability of Truist Bank to pay dividends to the Parent Company. No assurances can be given that Truist Bank will, in any circumstances, pay dividends to the Parent Company. The Parent Company s ability to declare and pay dividends is similarly limited by federal banking law and FRB policies. The FRB has authority to prohibit a BHC from making capital distributions if determined to be an unsafe or unsound practice. The FRB has indicated generally that paying dividends may be an unsafe and unsound practice unless net income is sufficient to fund the dividends and the expected rate of earnings retention is consistent with the BHC s capital needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition. In addition, a BHC s ability to make capital distributions, including dividends and share repurchases, is subject to the FRB s automatic restrictions on capital distributions if the BHC fails to maintain certain regulatory capital ratios. Truist s risk-based capital and leverage ratio requirements are discussed above in the Capital Requirements section. North Carolina law provides that, as long as a bank does not make distributions that reduce its capital below its applicable required capital, the board of directors of a bank chartered under the laws of North Carolina may declare such distributions as the directors deem proper. Prompt Corrective Action U.S. banking agencies are required to take prompt corrective action against IDIs that do not meet minimum capital requirements. There are five statutory categories that characterize an IDI s capital position for this purpose: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. To be considered well-capitalized, an IDI must maintain minimum capital ratios and must not be subject to any order or written directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. 10 Truist Financial Corporation An IDI that fails to remain well-capitalized becomes subject to a series of restrictions that increase in severity as its capital condition weakens. These restrictions may include a prohibition on capital distributions, restrictions on asset growth, or the withholding of regulatory approval for applications. Additionally, the FRB is authorized to act against BHCs with undercapitalized IDI subsidiaries. In certain instances, a BHC acting as a source of strength would be required to guarantee the performance of the undercapitalized subsidiary s capital restoration plan and could be liable for civil money damages for failing to fulfill those guarantees. If an IDI fails to meet applicable capital requirements, its supervisors may take a variety of formal and informal enforcement actions, including directing the IDI to raise additional capital, substantially restricting the IDI s operations and activities, terminating the IDI s deposit insurance, and in severe cases appointing a conservator or receiver for the IDI. Transactions with Affiliates Transactions between Truist Bank and its nonbank affiliates, including the Parent Company, are subject to a number of legal restrictions. Under the Federal Reserve Act and FRB regulations, Truist Bank and its subsidiaries are subject to quantitative and qualitative limits on extensions of credit, purchases of assets, and certain other transactions with nonbank affiliates, including requirements that transactions be at arm s length and consistent with safety and soundness. Acquisitions Truist requires prior regulatory approval to engage in certain acquisitions. For example, under the BHCA, a BHC may not directly or indirectly acquire ownership or control of more than 5% of the voting shares or substantially all of the assets of any BHC or bank or merge or consolidate with another BHC without the prior approval of the FRB. The BHCA and other federal laws enumerate the factors the FRB must consider when reviewing the merger of BHCs, the acquisition of banks, or the acquisition of voting securities of a bank or BHC. These factors include the competitive effects of the transaction in the relevant geographic markets; the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the companies and banks involved in the transaction; the effect of the transaction on the financial stability of the U.S.; the organizations compliance with anti-money laundering statutes and regulations; the convenience and needs of the communities to be served; and the records of performance under the CRA of the IDIs involved in the transaction. Federal law authorizes interstate acquisitions of banks and BHCs without geographic limitation, and a bank headquartered in one state is authorized to merge with a bank headquartered in another state, subject to market share limitations, regulatory approvals, and any state requirement that the target bank must have been in existence and operating for a minimum period of time. The FRB s market share limitations impose conditions that the acquiring BHC, after and as a result of the acquisition, control no more than 10% of the total amount of deposits of IDIs in the U.S. and no more than 30%, subject to variation by state law, of such deposits in applicable states. FRB rules also prohibit an FHC from combining with another company if the resulting company s liabilities would exceed 10% of the aggregate consolidated liabilities of all U.S. financial companies. After a bank has established branches in a state through an interstate merger transaction, the bank may establish and acquire additional branches at any location in the state where a bank headquartered in that state could have established or acquired branches under applicable federal or state law. The U.S. DOJ has withdrawn its 1995 Bank Merger Guidelines, which focused primarily on concentrations of deposits and branches, and clarified that it will assess competition considerations in connection with bank and BHC mergers using its 2023 Merger Guidelines and 2024 Banking Addendum. The 2023 Merger Guidelines are a general merger review framework used to evaluate transactions in all segments of the economy, and the 2024 Banking Addendum allows for consideration of theories of harm and relevant markets not considered in the 1995 Bank Merger Guidelines. It is still not entirely clear how the U.S. DOJ will apply this new merger review framework to bank and BHC mergers. Other Safety and Soundness Regulations The FRB has authority to prohibit BHCs and their subsidiaries from conducting activities that constitute unsafe or unsound practices or violations of statute, rule, regulation, administrative order, or written agreement with a U.S. banking agency. These powers may be exercised through the issuance of confidential supervisory actions, cease and desist orders, civil money penalties, or other actions. In October 2025, the FDIC and the OCC issued a proposed rule that would define the term unsafe or unsound practice for purposes of their enforcement powers under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. The proposed definition would focus on whether the practice is likely to materially harm, or already has materially harmed, the financial condition of an institution. Truist Financial Corporation 11 Fede