=== RVTY_2026-03-16.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A Table of Contents DEF 14A false 0000031791 0000031791 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000031791 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000031791 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000031791 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000031791 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000031791 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000031791 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000031791 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000031791 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000031791 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000031791 rvti:StockAwardsAndOptionAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000031791 rvti:StockAwardsAndOptionAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000031791 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000031791 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000031791 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000031791 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000031791 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000031791 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000031791 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000031791 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:pure UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 Revvity, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) Not applicable. (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents March 16, 2026 Dear Shareholder: We cordially invite you to attend the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders of Revvity, Inc. to be held on Tuesday, April 28, 2026, at 8:00 a.m. Please note that in an effort to provide our shareholders with enhanced accessibility to the meeting, we will be conducting the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders on a virtual basis only. The attached notice of annual meeting and proxy statement contains information about matters to be considered at the annual meeting. As described in those materials, you are entitled to participate in the annual meeting via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/RVTY2026 if you were a shareholder as of the close of business on March 2, 2026, the record date for the annual meeting, or hold a legal proxy for the meeting provided by your broker, bank or nominee. To vote electronically and submit questions during the virtual annual meeting, you must enter the control number included on your proxy card, voting instruction form or notice. On or about March 16, 2026, we mailed to our shareholders of record, other than those who previously requested email or paper delivery of proxy materials, a notice of Internet availability containing their control number, instructions on how to access our 2026 proxy statement and 2025 annual report to shareholders through the Internet, and how to vote through the Internet. Beneficial owners received a similar notice from their broker, bank or other nominee. Your vote is important regardless of the number of shares you own. Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual meeting, I hope you will review carefully the attached proxy materials and vote as soon as possible. We urge you to complete, sign and return the enclosed proxy card, or to vote over the Internet or by telephone, so that your shares will be represented and voted at the annual meeting. Thank you for your continued support of Revvity. Sincerely, P RAHLAD R. S INGH , P h D President and Chief Executive Officer Table of Contents Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 2026 Revvity, Inc. 77 4 th Avenue Waltham, Massachusetts 02451 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OVERVIEW i PROXY STATEMENT 1 General Information 1 PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 6 INFORMATION RELATING TO OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND ITS COMMITTEES 13 Determination of Independence 13 Director Candidates 13 Selection and Review Process 14 Leadership Structure 14 Communications from Shareholders and Other Interested Parties 15 Board of Directors Role in Risk Oversight 15 Board of Directors Meetings and Committees 16 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 18 Report of the Audit Committee 18 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Other Matters 19 Certain Relationships and Policies on Related Party Transactions 21 Securities Trading Policy 21 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 22 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK 25 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 27 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 27 Compensation Committee Report 50 Summary Compensation Table 51 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 53 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year-End 55 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2025 57 2025 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 58 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 60 Equity Compensation Plan Information 73 CEO Pay Ratio 74 PAY VERSUS PERFORMANCE 75 PROPOSAL NO. 2 RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 79 PROPOSAL NO. 3 NON-BINDING ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 80 PROPOSAL NO. 4 AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS TO ALLOW SHAREHOLDERS OWNING 25% OF OUR STOCK TO CALL A SPECIAL MEETING 81 PROPOSAL NO. 5 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING EXECUTIVE STOCK OWNERSHIP 84 OTHER MATTERS 86 DELINQUENT SECTION 16(a) REPORTS 86 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR 2027 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 86 APPENDIX A RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES A-1 APPENDIX B PROPOSED AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS B-1 APPENDIX C FORM OF PROXY CARD C-1 Table of Contents NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING To the Shareholders of Revvity, Inc.: The annual meeting of the shareholders of Revvity, Inc. will be held via a live webcast on Tuesday, April 28, 2026, at 8:00 a.m., to consider and act upon the following: 1. A proposal to elect ten nominees for director for terms of one year each; 2. A proposal to ratify the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as Revvity s independent registered public accounting firm for the current fiscal year; 3. A proposal to approve, by non-binding advisory vote, our executive compensation; 4. A proposal to amend Revvity s Amended and Restated By-laws to allow shareholders owning 25% of our stock to call a special meeting of shareholders; 5. A shareholder proposal regarding executive stock ownership, if properly presented at the annual meeting; and 6. Such other matters as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Our board of directors has no knowledge of any other business to be transacted at the meeting. Our board of directors has fixed the close of business on March 2, 2026 as the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive this notice and to vote at the meeting. All shareholders are cordially invited to attend the annual meeting via live webcast. By Order of the Board of Directors, P RAHLAD R. S INGH , P h D President and Chief Executive Officer March 16, 2026 RETURN ENCLOSED PROXY CARD OR VOTE BY INTERNET OR TELEPHONE Whether or not you expect to attend the virtual meeting, please complete, date, and sign the enclosed proxy card and mail it promptly in the enclosed envelope. No postage is required if mailed in the United States. Prompt response is important, and your cooperation will be appreciated. If the envelope is lost, please return the card to: Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717. Alternatively, you may submit your vote via the Internet or telephone by following the instructions set forth on the enclosed proxy card. Table of Contents OVERVIEW To assist you in reviewing the proxy statement for the Revvity, Inc. 2026 annual meeting of shareholders, we call your attention to the following information about the annual meeting, our corporate governance framework and key facts regarding our executive compensation structure and practices. For more complete information, please review the Revvity, Inc. proxy statement in its entirety, as well as our annual report to shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2025. Annual Meeting of Shareholders via Live Webcast Date and Time: April 28, 2026 at 8:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) Webcast of Meeting: Via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/RVTY2026 Record Date: March 2, 2026 Voting: If you are a record holder of shares as of the record date, you may vote your shares. You may either vote on a virtual basis during the annual meeting as further described below or by the Internet, telephone or mail. If you are the beneficial owner of shares held in street name as of the record date, you will need to instruct the record holder of your shares how you would like your shares to be voted. See the section of the proxy statement titled General Information for more detail regarding how you may vote your shares. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting on a virtual basis, we urge you to vote and submit your proxy in advance of the meeting. Voting at the Meeting on a Virtual Basis: If you were a shareholder as of the close of business on the record date, or hold a legal proxy for the meeting provided by your bank, broker or nominee, you may attend the meeting virtually, vote your shares electronically, submit questions during the meeting, and access the list of shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting. To do so, you must enter the control number found on your proxy card, voting instruction form or notice you previously received, and follow the instructions available on the meeting website during the meeting. Technical assistance will be provided during the meeting. Admission to the Meeting on a Virtual Basis: While the virtual meeting is open to shareholders and their guests, shareholders must attend the meeting as a verified shareholder (i.e., not as a guest) to be able to vote and ask questions during the meeting. Meeting Agenda and Voting Recommendations Agenda Items Board Recommendation Page (1) Election of ten directors for terms of one year each. FOR EACH DIRECTOR NOMINEE 6 (2) Ratification of selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2026. FOR 79 (3) To approve, by non-binding advisory vote, our executive compensation. FOR 80 (4) To amend our Amended and Restated By-laws to allow shareholders owning 25% of our stock to call a special meeting of shareholders. FOR 81 (5) Shareholder proposal regarding executive stock ownership, if properly presented at the annual meeting. AGAINST 84 Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement i Table of Contents Director Nominees The following table provides summary information about the ten directors nominated for election as directors for terms of one year each: Name Age Director Since Principal Occupation Current Committee Memberships Independent? Peter Barrett, PhD 73 2012 Partner, Atlas Venture Compensation Benefits (Chair); Nominating Corporate Governance Yes Samuel R. Chapin 68 2016 Retired Executive Vice Chair, Bank of America Merrill Lynch Audit (Chair); Nominating Corporate Governance Yes Michael A. Klobuchar 50 2024 Chief Operating Officer, Eikon Therapeutics, Inc. Audit Yes Michelle McMurry-Heath, MD, PhD 56 2022 Founder and Chief Executive Officer, BioTechquity Clinical Compensation Benefits Yes Alexis P. Michas 68 2001 Managing Partner, Juniper Investment Company, LLC Non-Executive Chair Yes Prahlad R. Singh, PhD 61 2019 President and CEO of Revvity No Sophie V. Vandebroek, PhD 64 2024 Former Vice President, Emerging Technology Partnerships, IBM Corporation Audit Yes Michel Vounatsos 64 2020 Former Chief Executive Officer, Biogen Inc. Audit; Nominating Corporate Governance (Chair) Yes Frank Witney, PhD 72 2016 Former Chief Executive Officer, Affymetrix, Inc. Compensation Benefits; Nominating Corporate Governance Yes Pascale Witz 59 2017 Founder and President of PWH Advisors Audit; Compensation Benefits Yes ii Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance Highlights The following table summarizes our board structure and key elements of our corporate governance framework: Size of Board Ten Number of Independent Directors Nine Independent Chair Yes Board Self-Evaluation Annual Review of Independence of Board Annual Independent Directors Meet Without Management Present Yes Structure of Board Non-Classified Voting Standard for Election of Directors in Uncontested Elections Majority of Shares Cast Wide Range of Backgrounds, Experiences and Skills Yes Corporate Governance Guidelines Yes Fiscal 2025 Business Highlights We overcame a dynamic market environment throughout 2025, ultimately exceeding our financial targets provided at the beginning of the year. Our outperformance in the face of an evolving macro and regulatory environment is both a testament to the hard work of our incredible team and the result of the transformation that has taken place at our Company in recent years. Highlights of our fiscal year 2025 performance include: GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.06 for fiscal year 2025, as compared to GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.30 for fiscal year 2024. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations for fiscal year 2025 was $5.06, as compared to $4.90 in fiscal year 2024. GAAP revenue for fiscal year 2025 of $2,856 million, as compared to $2,755 million in fiscal year 2024. GAAP operating income from continuing operations for fiscal year 2025 was $357 million, as compared to $347 million in fiscal year 2024. GAAP operating profit margin from continuing operations was 12.5% as a percentage of revenue for fiscal year 2025, as compared to 12.6% for fiscal year 2024. A reconciliation of our GAAP results to the non-GAAP financial measure set forth above, adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations, can be found in Appendix A to this proxy statement. Talent and Culture At Revvity, we are united by a shared commitment to investing in our people. Our goal is to foster an environment where every individual feels engaged, supported, and empowered to reach their full potential while achieving their professional aspirations. With approximately 11,000 colleagues worldwide, we strive to create a consistent and collaborative experience that reflects our values and fuels collective success. Our people are the driving force behind our innovation, and empowering them inspires exceptional performance and personal growth. For us, investing in our team represents our dedication to cultivating a workplace where everyone can thrive, contribute meaningfully, and find fulfillment in their career journey. Our key areas of focus include: nurturing talent through diverse corporate and personalized AI-powered programs that support learning, career development, and recognition; Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement iii Table of Contents prioritizing well-being and fostering a culture that aligns with our core values; and inspiring engagement to achieve a shared vision of an innovative future. Sustainable Business Principles In 2025, we made good progress on our key environmental, social, and governance (ESG) goals to align with our business strategy, its values, and the evolving expectations of our stakeholders. As Revvity, it is important that we continue to drive sustainable business practices and goals accordingly to ensure completeness, continued accuracy and transparency. Revvity has a comprehensive approach in the way we obtain and analyze all quantitative data relevant to our sustainability targets and strive to identify and manage material risk and opportunities within our business. We utilize our baseline and year-over-year progress to establish and drive ambitious yet realistic sustainable business goals that will guide our advancement and ensure accountability. Through monitoring and transparent reporting, we will continue to drive meaningful change within our operations and for all of our stakeholders. Over the last year, we have grown our sustainability business program through several focused actions, initiatives and investments that we believe will have a profound impact as we continue our sustainability journey as Revvity, including: Environmental Remaining ahead of target on Scope 1 and 2 emission reduction interim progress goals. Revvity remains committed to submit its emission reduction targets for Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) approval during the first half of 2026; Creating sustainability committees and identifying champions, specifically within logistics, packaging, R D, operations and the commercial organization, who can help achieve Revvity s ESG goals; Driving key sustainability site projects, such as exploring sourcing renewable energy, feasibility of on-site solar, reduction of waste production, increasing our waste diversion rate, and site-specific energy reduction strategies; and Achieving non-hazardous waste diversion goals three years ahead of plan. Social Growing a culture of sustainability through educating and empowering our employees; Expanding our global, regional and local-level communities to provide networking opportunities for all our employees, fostering collaboration and driving innovation; Investing in programs and tools that advance the talent management and professional development opportunities for our people; and Committing to promoting equal pay for equal work within our organization through conducting pay audits and benchmarking. Governance Increasing our external disclosures, including our data, policies, and goals; Investing in the latest ESG tools to improve data accuracy, analysis, and transparency; and expanding our policies for various Company topics such as business ethics, cybersecurity, enterprise risk, business continuity and disaster recovery, and sustainable procurement. For more information, including our latest Impact Report, key sustainability goals and progress, company-wide metrics, and other Revvity sustainability topics, please visit esg.revvity.com. iv Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT General Information Why am I receiving these materials? Revvity, Inc., also referred to as we, us, the Company or Revvity, has prepared this proxy statement to provide our shareholders with information pertaining to the matters to be voted on at our annual meeting of shareholders to be held on Tuesday, April 28, 2026 at 8:00 a.m., on a virtual basis via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/RVTY2026 , and at any adjournment of that meeting. The date of this proxy statement is March 16, 2026, the approximate date on which we first sent or provided the proxy statement and form of proxy to our shareholders. Our board of directors has fixed the close of business on March 2, 2026 as the record date for determining the shareholders entitled to receive notice of, and to vote their shares at, the meeting. On the record date, there were 111,803,327 shares of our common stock outstanding and entitled to vote. Each share of common stock carries the right to cast one vote on each of the proposals presented for shareholder action, with no cumulative voting. Your vote is important no matter how many shares you own. Please take the time to vote. Take a moment to read the instructions below. Choose the way to vote that is easiest and most convenient for you and cast your vote as soon as possible. How can I vote my shares at, and participate in, the virtual annual meeting? In an effort to provide our shareholders with enhanced accessibility to the meeting, we will be conducting this year s annual meeting on a virtual basis only. We believe that holding the meeting on a virtual basis will allow for greater participation by shareholders. Shareholders may participate in the annual meeting by visiting the following website: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/RVTY2026. You will need the 16-digit control number included on your notice, on your proxy card or on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. Shares held in your name as the shareholder of record may be voted electronically during the annual meeting. Shares for which you are the beneficial owner but not the shareholder of record may also be voted electronically during the annual meeting. However, even if you plan to attend the virtual annual meeting, the Company recommends that you vote your shares in advance, so that your vote will be counted if you later decide not to attend, or are otherwise not able to attend, the meeting. Shareholders attending the virtual annual meeting as a guest are not able to vote or ask questions during the meeting. How can I vote my shares without attending the virtual annual meeting? To vote your shares without attending the virtual meeting, please follow the instructions for Internet or telephone voting on the proxy card, voting instruction form or notice. If you received your proxy materials by mail, you may also vote by signing and submitting your proxy card and returning it by mail, if you are the shareholder of record, or by signing the voter instruction form provided by your bank or broker and returning it by mail, if you are the beneficial owner but not the shareholder of record. This way, your shares will be represented whether or not you are able to attend the virtual meeting. What if I want to change my vote? You may change your vote at any time before it is exercised, which can be done by voting your shares online while virtually attending the annual meeting, or by delivering a new proxy, or by notifying the Company Secretary in writing prior to the meeting. If you are not a shareholder of record, but hold shares as a beneficial owner in street name, you must contact the institution serving as the registered holder. If voting by Internet or telephone, you may change your vote and revoke your proxy up to 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on the day before the meeting by following the instructions on your proxy card or voting instruction form. Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents What proposals will be voted on at the annual meeting? The proposals being presented for shareholder action are set forth on your proxy card and are discussed in detail on the following pages. Shares that you have the power to vote that are represented by proxy will be voted at the meeting in accordance with your instructions indicated on the enclosed proxy card or submitted by Internet or telephone. The first proposal is to elect ten directors for terms of one year each. You may vote for or against each nominee, or may abstain from voting on any nominee, by marking the appropriate box on the proxy card, or submitting instructions by Internet or telephone. If you return a proxy card, or submit instructions by Internet or telephone, your shares will be voted as you indicate. If you sign and return your proxy card or submit instructions by Internet or telephone and make no indication concerning one or more of the nominees, your shares will be voted FOR electing those nominees for whom you made no indication. The second proposal is to ratify the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the current fiscal year ending January 3, 2027. You may vote for or against this proposal or abstain from voting on this proposal by marking the appropriate box on the proxy card or submitting instructions by Internet or telephone. If you return a proxy card or submit instructions by Internet or telephone, your shares will be voted as you indicate. If you sign and return your proxy card or submit instructions by Internet or telephone and make no indication concerning this proposal, your shares will be voted FOR the second proposal. The third proposal is to approve, by non-binding advisory vote, our executive compensation. You may vote for or against this proposal or abstain from voting on this proposal by marking the appropriate box on the proxy card or submitting instructions by Internet or telephone. If you return a proxy card or submit instructions by Internet or telephone, your shares will be voted as you indicate. If you sign and return your proxy card or submit instructions by Internet or telephone and make no indication concerning this proposal, your shares will be voted FOR the third proposal. The fourth proposal is to amend the Company s Amended and Restated By-laws to allow shareholders owning 25% of our stock to call a special meeting of shareholders. You may vote for or against this proposal or abstain from voting on this proposal by marking the appropriate box on the proxy card or submitting instructions by Internet or telephone. If you return a proxy card or submit instructions by Internet or telephone, your shares will be voted as you indicate. If you sign and return your proxy card or submit instructions by Internet or telephone and make no indication concerning this proposal, your shares will be voted FOR the fourth proposal. The fifth proposal has been submitted by a shareholder and if properly presented at the annual meeting and approved, would require certain of the Company s executives to retain ownership of a significant percentage of stock acquired through the Company s equity pay programs. You may vote for or against this proposal or abstain from voting on this proposal by marking the appropriate box on the proxy card or submitting instructions by Internet or telephone. If you return a proxy card or submit instructions by Internet or telephone, your shares will be voted as you indicate. If you sign and return your proxy card or submit instructions by Internet or telephone and make no indication concerning this proposal, your shares will be voted AGAINST the fifth proposal. Our management does not anticipate a vote on any other proposal at the meeting. Under Massachusetts law, where we are incorporated, only matters included in the notice of the meeting may be brought before our shareholders at a meeting. If, however, another proposal is properly brought before the meeting, your shares will be voted in accordance with the discretion of the named proxies. 2 Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents What voting recommendations have been made by the board? The board of directors recommends that you vote FOR Proposal No. 1 to elect ten nominees for director for terms of one year each; FOR Proposal No. 2 to ratify the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as Revvity s independent registered public accounting firm for the current fiscal year; FOR Proposal No. 3 to approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, our executive compensation; FOR Proposal No. 4 to amend the Company s Amended and Restated By-laws to allow shareholders owning 25% of our stock to call a special meeting of shareholders; and AGAINST the shareholder submitted Proposal No. 5 to require certain of the Company s executives to retain ownership of a significant percentage of stock acquired through the Company s equity pay programs. If you sign and return the proxy card but do not give any instructions on a particular matter described in this proxy statement, the shares you own will be voted in accordance with the recommendations of our board of directors. What if I am a beneficial owner of shares held in street name ? If the shares you own are held in street name by a bank, broker or other nominee record holder, which, for convenience, we collectively refer to in this proxy statement as brokerage firms, your brokerage firm, as the record holder of your shares, is required to vote your shares according to your instructions. If you attend the virtual meeting, in order to vote your shares held in street name, you will need to follow the directions your brokerage firm provides you as well as enter the control number found on your voting instruction form that you received from your brokerage firm and follow the instructions available on the meeting website during the meeting. Many brokerage firms also offer the option of providing for voting over the Internet or by telephone, instructions for which, if available, would be provided by your brokerage firm on the voting instruction form that it delivers to you. Under the current rules of the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, if you do not give instructions to your brokerage firm, it will still be able to vote your shares with respect to certain discretionary items but will not be allowed to vote your shares with respect to certain non-discretionary items. The ratification of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm (Proposal No. 2) is considered to be a discretionary item under the NYSE rules, and your brokerage firm will be able to vote on that item even if it does not receive instructions from you, as long as it holds your shares in its name. The election of directors (Proposal No. 1), the approval of our executive compensation program (Proposal No. 3), the amendment to our Amended and Restated By-laws to allow shareholders owning 25% of our stock to call a special meeting of shareholders (Proposal No. 4), and the shareholder proposal to require certain of our executives to retain ownership of a significant percentage of stock acquired through our equity pay programs (Proposal No. 5), are all non-discretionary items. If you return an instruction card to your brokerage firm but do not instruct your brokerage firm on how to vote with respect to these items, your brokerage firm will not vote with respect to the proposal(s) for which you did not give instructions, and your shares will be counted as broker non-votes with respect to those proposals. Broker non-votes are shares that are held in street name by a brokerage firm that indicates on its proxy that it does not have or did not exercise discretionary authority to vote on a particular matter. Who is paying for this solicitation? This proxy is solicited on behalf of our board of directors. We will bear the expenses connected with this proxy solicitation. We expect to pay brokers, nominees, fiduciaries, and other custodians their reasonable expenses for forwarding proxy materials and annual reports to principals and obtaining their voting instructions. We have engaged Georgeson Inc. of New York, New York to assist us in soliciting proxies from brokers, nominees, fiduciaries, and custodians, and will pay Georgeson approximately $45,000 plus out-of-pocket expenses for its efforts. In addition to the use of the mails, our directors, officers, and employees may, without additional remuneration, solicit proxies in person or by use of other communications media. Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents How can I view or request proxy materials? We previously mailed to shareholders, or are providing with this proxy statement, our annual report to shareholders for 2025. The annual report is not part of, or incorporated by reference in, this proxy statement. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to Be Held on April 28, 2026: This proxy statement and the 2025 annual report to shareholders are available at www.proxyvote.com for viewing, downloading and printing. A copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2025 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, except for exhibits, will be furnished without charge to any shareholder upon written or oral request to Revvity, Inc., 77 4 th Avenue, Waltham, Massachusetts 02451, Attention: Investor Relations, Telephone: (800) 762-4000. How will materials be delivered to beneficial owners at the same address? Some brokerage firms may be participating in the practice of householding proxy statements, annual reports and notices of Internet availability of proxy materials. This means that only one copy of these documents may have been sent to multiple shareholders in your household. We will promptly deliver a separate copy of any of these documents to you if you request one by writing or calling as follows: Revvity, Inc., 77 4 th Avenue, Waltham, Massachusetts 02451, Attention: Investor Relations, Telephone: (800) 762-4000. If you want to receive separate copies of our annual report and proxy statement in the future, or if you are receiving multiple copies and would like to receive only one copy for your household, you should contact your brokerage firm, or you may contact us at the above address and phone number. What are the voting standards? A majority in interest of all Revvity common stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote on each proposal being submitted for shareholder action at the meeting constitutes a quorum with respect to that proposal. Shares of common stock represented by executed proxies received by us will be counted for purposes of establishing a quorum, regardless of how or whether those shares are voted on the proposal. Therefore, abstentions and broker non-votes are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum exists at the meeting for that proposal. For a nominee to be elected as a director pursuant to Proposal No. 1, more votes must be cast for such nominee s election than against such nominee s election. For the ratification of our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to Proposal No. 2, the majority of the votes cast on Proposal No. 2 must be cast for the ratification. For the approval, by non-binding vote, of our executive compensation program pursuant to Proposal No. 3, the majority of the votes cast on Proposal No. 3 must be cast in favor of the executive compensation program. For the approval of Proposal 4 to amend the Company s Amended and Restated By-laws to allow shareholders owning 25% of our stock to call a special meeting of shareholders, the majority of the shares of our common stock outstanding on the record date and entitled to vote must be voted in favor of the proposal. For the approval of the shareholder proposal in Proposal No. 5 to require certain of the Company s executives to retain ownership of a significant percentage of stock acquired through our equity pay programs, the majority of the votes cast on Proposal No. 5 must be cast in favor of the shareholder proposal. Shares abstaining and broker non-votes, if any, will not be counted as votes for or against, and as a result will have no effect on voting on Proposals No. 1, 2, 3 or 5, other than for purposes of establishing a quorum. Proposal No. 4 requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of our common stock outstanding on the record date and entitled to vote, and, accordingly, shares abstaining and broker non-votes will have the same effect as votes against the proposal. 4 Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Although the advisory vote on Proposal No. 3 is non-binding, as provided by law, our board values shareholders opinions and will take the results of the vote into account when considering any changes to our executive compensation program. Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Our charter and By-laws provide that the shareholders or the board of directors will determine the number of directors to serve on our board as not fewer than three or more than thirteen. Our nominees for directors are each elected for a one-year term at the annual meeting of shareholders in accordance with our charter and By-laws. We currently have ten directors, all of whose terms expire at this meeting. Our board of directors, upon the recommendation of its nominating and corporate governance committee, has nominated the following persons for election as directors for one-year terms, each expiring at the annual meeting of shareholders to be held in 2027. All of the nominees are currently directors of the Company and were elected by our shareholders at the 2025 annual meeting. Peter Barrett, PhD Alexis P. Michas Frank Witney, PhD Samuel R. Chapin Prahlad R. Singh, PhD Pascale Witz Michael A. Klobuchar Sophie V. Vandebroek, PhD Michelle McMurry-Heath, MD, PhD Michel Vounatsos Director Qualification Matrix The members of the board have a range of experience and a wide variety of backgrounds, skills, qualifications and viewpoints that strengthen their ability to carry out their oversight role on behalf of our shareholders. The following matrix is provided to illustrate the knowledge, skills and experience of the nominees for director to serve on our board. The matrix does not encompass all of the knowledge, skills and experience of our directors, and the fact that a particular knowledge, skill or experience is not listed does not mean that a director does not possess it. In addition, the absence of a particular knowledge, skill or experience with respect to any of our directors does not mean the director in question is unable to contribute to the decision-making process in that area. However, a mark indicates a specific area of focus or expertise that the director brings to our board. More information on each director s qualifications and background is included in the director biographies on the following pages. We regularly review the attributes required of board members in order to better facilitate the Company s long-term goals, operational performance, and corporate culture. 6 Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Peter Barrett, PhD Samuel R. Chapin Michael A. Klobuchar Michelle McMurry- Heath, MD, PhD Alexis P. Michas Prahlad R. Singh, PhD Sophie V. Vandebroek, PhD Michel Vounatsos Frank Witney, PhD Pascale Witz KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Strategic Executive Leadership CEO of Public Company Finance/Capital Markets Investment Management Mergers and Acquisitions International Experience Industry Experience Public Company Board Experience ESG Experience BOARD TENURE Years 14 10 2 4 25 7 2 6 10 9 OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR ELECTING EACH OF THE TEN NOMINEES NAMED ABOVE FOR TERMS OF ONE YEAR EACH. The persons named as proxies on the proxy card will vote shares represented by a proxy for the election of the ten nominees for terms of one year each unless the shareholder instructs otherwise on their proxy card. Our board of directors knows of no reason why any nominee should be unable or unwilling to serve. However, if that becomes the case, the persons named as proxies on the proxy card may vote to elect a substitute. In no event will shares represented by proxies be voted for more than ten nominees. To apprise you of their qualifications to serve as directors, we include the following information concerning each of the director nominees. The qualifications presented include information each nominee has provided to us regarding age, current positions held, principal occupation and business experience for the past five years, as well as the names of other publicly held companies of which the nominee currently serves as a director or has served as a director during the past five years. In addition to the information presented regarding each nominee s specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that led the nominating and corporate governance committee to recommend that our board nominate these individuals, our board believes that all of the nominees have a reputation for honesty, integrity and adherence to high ethical standards. The nominating and corporate governance committee also believes that the nominees possess the willingness to engage management and each Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents other in a positive and collaborative fashion, and are prepared to make the significant commitment of time and energy to serve on our board and its committees. PETER BARRETT, PhD : Age 73; Principal Occupation: Partner, Atlas Venture, a venture capital fund based in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Director of Revvity since 2012. Chair of the compensation and benefits committee and member of the nominating and corporate governance committee. Dr. Barrett joined Atlas Venture, an early-stage life sciences venture capital fund in 2002, and is a partner in the life sciences group, where he has been involved in the creation of several therapeutic and drug discovery platform companies. Previously, he was a co-founder, Executive Vice President and Chief Business Officer of Celera Genomics which in 2001 announced the first successful sequencing of the human genome. Prior to that, Dr. Barrett held several senior management positions at The Perkin-Elmer Corporation, most recently serving as Vice President, Corporate Planning and Business Development, where he operated several businesses and helped to greatly expand its life sciences portfolio through a series of licensing agreements, partnerships and acquisitions. He currently serves as the Chairman of Synlogic, Inc., which is publicly traded, and is a board member of privately held Obsidian Therapeutics, Inc. Dr. Barrett is also a member of the Blavatnik Fellowship Council at the Harvard Business School. Dr. Barrett previously served on the board of Larimar Therapeutics, Inc., a publicly traded company, until 2023. In addition, Dr. Barrett is a board member of Nucleate, a student run non-profit organization representing the global community of bio-innovators. Dr. Barrett received his Bachelor of Science degree in chemistry from Lowell Technological Institute (now known as the University of Massachusetts, Lowell) and his doctoral degree in analytical chemistry from Northeastern University. Dr. Barrett brings to the board more than three decades of experience in the life sciences industry, including leadership positions both as a senior executive and as an institutional investor. These roles have allowed him to develop expertise in the deployment of strategic growth initiatives within the industry. His service as chair and as a member of the boards of other companies, both publicly and privately held, enables him to assist our board in the performance of its governance obligations. SAMUEL R. CHAPIN : Age 68; Principal Occupation: Retired Executive Vice Chairman, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, a worldwide financial institution. Director of Revvity since 2016. Chair of the audit committee and member of the nominating and corporate governance committee. Mr. Chapin retired from Bank of America Merrill Lynch in 2016 as Executive Vice Chairman of Global Corporate Investment Banking, after more than thirty years in investment banking. As Executive Vice Chairman from 2010 to 2016, he was responsible for managing relationships with some of the firm s largest clients. Mr. Chapin has worked on a broad range of financings and strategic advisory assignments totaling more than $500 billion and has been named Investment Banker of the Year by Investment Dealers Digest . Mr. Chapin was named Vice Chairman of Merrill Lynch Co., Inc. in 2003 and was a member of the firm s executive Operating Committee. Mr. Chapin served in a number of other senior leadership positions while at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, including having responsibility for the Global Investment Banking division and managing many of the firm s global corporate relationships. Mr. Chapin has served since 2019 as a Senior Advisor to Rockefeller Capital Management, a leading independent, privately owned financial services firm. He is also a member of the board of directors of O-I Glass, Inc. and PHINIA, Inc., both of which are publicly traded, and until 2023 was a director of CIRCOR International, Inc. Additionally, he serves as a trustee emeritus of Lafayette College and as a director emeritus of New York s Roundabout Theatre Company. Mr. Chapin holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Lafayette College and a Master of Business Administration degree from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chapin provides our board expertise in corporate finance and strategy, including experience gained as a senior executive at a global financial services firm and through his service on the audit committees of public companies. He also brings to our board extensive knowledge of the industrial marketplace, along with deep experience in transactional processes, mergers and acquisitions, and deal financing for a wide range of transactions. 8 Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents MICHAEL A. KLOBUCHAR : Age 50; Principal Occupation: Chief Operating Officer, Eikon Therapeutics, Inc., a pioneering biotechnology company based in Hayward, California that leverages advanced engineering to enhance drug discovery and development. Director of Revvity since 2024. Member of the audit committee. Mr. Klobuchar joined Eikon Therapeutics in 2024, and oversees the company s corporate infrastructure, including global supply chain management and product manufacturing. Mr. Klobuchar is a member of Eikon s Executive Committee and manages key executives across a variety of functional areas and business operations. Prior to joining Eikon, Mr. Klobuchar had been associated with Merck Co., Inc., a premier research-intensive global biopharmaceutical company, for over 25 years, most recently serving from 2021 to 2024 as Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer, and from 2019 to 2021 as Senior Vice President, CFO and Head of Portfolio and Alliance Management for Merck Research Laboratories. Prior to that, Mr. Klobuchar held a variety of positions of increasing responsibility in Merck s research, manufacturing, commercial planning, finance and strategy organizations, including leading key elements related to the integration of Merck Research Laboratories with Schering-Plough R D following the merger of the two companies. Mr. Klobuchar received his Master of Business Administration degree from Villanova University, a Master of Science degree in chemical engineering from Rutgers University and a Bachelor of Science degree from Purdue University. Mr. Klobuchar brings to our board a wealth of experience in both developing and implementing strategic and operational initiatives for organizations in the drug discovery and biotechnology fields, the result of his more than twenty-five years of executive experience in a variety of key technical, operational and financial roles. This background, along with his deep commitment to scientific innovation, will provide the board with valuable guidance in executing on the Company s strategic vision. MICHELLE MCMURRY-HEATH, MD, PhD : Age 56; Principal Occupation: Founder and Chief Executive Officer, BioTechquity Clinical. Director of Revvity since 2022. Member of the compensation and benefits committee. Dr. McMurry-Heath, a medical doctor and molecular immunologist by training, has served as the Chief Executive Officer of BioTechquity Clinical, a novel clinical research organization designed to help drug and device innovators enroll and conduct diverse clinical trials, since founding the firm in 2024. Prior to her current position, Dr. McMurry-Heath was a consultant to the biotechnology industry and most recently served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Biotechnology Innovation Organization, the world s largest biotechnology advocacy group, from 2020 to 2022. Dr. McMurry-Health was also previously with Johnson Johnson (J J) from 2014 to 2020, where she served as Global Head of Evidence Generation for Medical Device Companies and then Vice President of Global External Innovation and Global Leader for Regulatory Sciences. Before joining J J, Dr. McMurry-Heath was also a key science policy leader in government, conducting a comprehensive analysis of the National Science Foundation s policies, programs and personnel. President Obama then named her associate science director of the FDA s Center for Devices and Radiological Health. Dr. McMurry-Heath was the founding director of the Aspen Institute s Health, Biomedical Science, and Society Policy Program and received her early training in science policy from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. Dr. McMurry-Heath also serves on the board of directors at publicly traded Bioventus Inc. She received her Bachelor of Arts degree in biochemistry from Harvard University and her MD/PhD from Duke s Medical Scientist Training Program, becoming the first African American to graduate from the prestigious program. Dr. McMurry-Heath spent 12 years working at the research bench before taking policy and leadership roles in government and industry. Dr. McMurry-Heath provides the board with strategic leadership and chief executive officer experience in working with industry advocacy groups and large biotechnology organizations, as well as collaborating with governmental research organizations and policy makers in an effort to broaden access to scientific progress. Her unique perspective and insight into our industry and the associated Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents regulatory challenges, as well as her commitment to strive for bioequality, will aid in informing the board s decisions in these areas going forward. ALEXIS P. MICHAS : Age 68; Principal Occupation: Managing Partner of Juniper Investment Company, LLC, an investment management firm based in New York. Director of Revvity since 2001. Non-Executive Chair. Mr. Michas is the founder and has been Managing Partner of Juniper Investment Company, LLC since 2008. Juniper is also a Principal of Aetolian Investors, LLC, a registered commodity pool operator. Mr. Michas received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Harvard College and a Master of Business Administration degree from Harvard Business School. Mr. Michas is the Non-Executive Chairman of the board of BorgWarner Inc. and a board member of AstroNova, Inc., both of which are publicly traded. Mr. Michas is also a director of funds managed by Atlantic Investment Management, Inc., a privately held investment company, as well as a board member of privately held Theragenics Corporation. Mr. Michas also served as the Non-Executive Chairman of the board of Lincoln Educational Services Corporation until 2015, and as a director of Allied Motion Technologies, Inc. until July 2017. Mr. Michas has been the Non-Executive Chair of the board since December 2019. He brings to our board, and to the position of Non-Executive Chair, many years of private equity experience across a wide range of industries, and a successful record of managing investments in public companies. Mr. Michas also brings extensive transactional expertise, including mergers and acquisitions, IPOs, debt and equity offerings, and bank financing. This expertise allows Mr. Michas to provide our board with valuable insight on trends in global debt and equity markets, and the impact of such trends on the capital structure of the Company. We also benefit from the corporate governance knowledge developed by Mr. Michas in his board roles with other public companies, including his service as a board chair, a lead director, and a member of the compensation, governance, audit, finance and executive committees of such companies. Mr. Michas thorough knowledge of the Company and his current and past service on the boards of other public companies make him uniquely qualified to serve as our Non-Executive Chair. PRAHLAD R. SINGH, PhD : Age 61; Principal Occupation: President and Chief Executive Officer of Revvity. Director of Revvity since 2019. Dr. Singh was elected President and Chief Executive Officer of Revvity, and appointed to our board of directors, in December 2019. Previously, Dr. Singh was the President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company since January 2019. Dr. Singh joined Revvity as the President of our Diagnostics business in 2014. He was elected Senior Vice President in 2016 and Executive Vice President in 2018. Prior to joining Revvity, Dr. Singh was General Manager of GE Healthcare s Women s Health business from 2012 to 2014, with responsibility for its mammography and bone densitometry businesses. Before that, Dr. Singh held senior executive level roles in strategy, business development and mergers acquisitions at both GE Healthcare and Philips Healthcare. Earlier in his career, he held leadership roles of increasing responsibility at DuPont Pharmaceuticals and subsequently at Bristol-Myers Squibb Medical Imaging, which included managing the Asia Pacific and Middle East regions. Dr. Singh is a member of the board of directors of publicly traded Amphenol Corporation. He also currently serves on the board of directors of the Analytical, Life Sciences Diagnostics Association (ALDA) and is a member of the Massachusetts General Hospital President s Council. Dr. Singh holds a doctoral degree in chemistry from the University of Missouri-Columbia and a Master of Business Administration degree from Northeastern University. His research work has resulted in several issued patents and publications in peer-reviewed journals. Dr. Singh has more than three decades of leadership experience with global innovators in healthcare technology. He has spent more than a decade developing unique insights into our business and providing the leadership needed to enable our continued growth. Dr. Singh brings to our board a detailed understanding of our people and culture, the core technologies that we utilize, and the operational strategies available to us as we continue to expand the boundaries of human potential through science. 10 Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents SOPHIE V. VANDEBROEK, PhD : Age 64; Principal Occupation: Former Vice President, Emerging Technology Partnerships, IBM Corporation, a global technology company. Director of Revvity since 2024. Member of the audit committee. Dr. Vandebroek has served as founder and owner of Strategic Vision Ventures, LLC, a technology consulting firm, since 2021. Previously, Dr. Vandebroek was the inaugural visiting scholar at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Engineering for the 2019-2020 academic year; Vice President, Emerging Technology Partnerships for IBM from 2018 to 2019; and Chief Operating Officer - IBM Research from 2017 to 2018. Prior to joining IBM, she was an executive with Xerox Corporation, where her roles included serving as Chief Technology Officer and Corporate Vice President of Xerox Corporation, President of the Xerox Innovation Group, and Chief Engineer. She was also responsible for overseeing Xerox s global research centers, including the Palo Alto Research Center, or PARC Inc. Dr. Vandebroek currently serves on the boards of IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. and Wolters Kluwer N. V., both of which are publicly traded, as well as Inari Agriculture, Inc., a privately held biotechnology company, and formerly served on the board of Analogic Corporation. In 2021, Dr. Vandebroek was appointed an honorary Professor at KU Leuven, Belgium. Dr. Vandebroek is the Chair of the Advisory Committee of the Flanders AI Research Program and a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical Electronics Engineers. Dr. Vandebroek holds a bachelor s degree and a master s degree in electro-mechanical engineering from KU Leuven, Leuven, Belgium, and a doctoral degree in electrical engineering from Cornell University. Dr. Vandebroek provides our board, through her academic experiences, public company board service and prior executive roles at IBM and Xerox, with a depth of expertise and cutting-edge knowledge in sustainability, AI, technology, business processes and cybersecurity. Her experience in managing research and development portfolios for diverse and inclusive organizations on a global scale will provide the board with valuable insights on the Company s innovation efforts. MICHEL VOUNATSOS : Age 64; Principal Occupation: Former Chief Executive Officer of Biogen Inc. Director of Revvity since 2020. Chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee and member of the audit committee. Mr. Vounatsos served as the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of publicly traded Biogen Inc., a leading biotechnology company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts from 2017 to 2022 and as Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer of Biogen from 2016 to 2017. Prior to joining Biogen in 2016, Mr. Vounatsos spent twenty years at Merck Co., Inc., a pharmaceutical company, where he most recently served as President, Primary Care and Customer Centricity in the United States. During his time at Merck, Mr. Vounatsos helped transform its go-to-market model and further expanded its mature and emerging markets. Mr. Vounatsos previously held leadership positions across Europe and in China for Merck. Prior to that, Mr. Vounatsos held management positions at Ciba-Geigy, a pharmaceutical company. Mr. Vounatsos currently serves on the board of directors of publicly traded Zai Lab Ltd. Mr. Vounatsos received his Certificate of Clinical and Therapeutic Synthesis in Medicine from the Universit Victor Segalen, Bordeaux II, France, and his Master of Business Administration degree from the HEC School of Management in Paris. Mr. Vounatsos brings to our board significant knowledge and broad-based experience with respect to the biotechnology, healthcare and pharmaceutical industries. Mr. Vounatsos provides our board with a unique academic perspective from his time studying both medicine and business. Mr. Vounatsos also brings valuable leadership skills gained as the chief executive officer of a Fortune 500 company. FRANK WITNEY, PhD : Age 72; Principal Occupation: Former Chief Executive Officer, Affymetrix, Inc., a leading provider of microarray technology; Director of Revvity since 2016. Member of the compensation and benefits and nominating and corporate governance committees. Dr. Witney most recently served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Affymetrix, Inc., which specialized in microarray technology and cellular analysis, from 2011 through March 2016 when it was Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents acquired by Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. Previously, Dr. Witney was President and Chief Executive Officer of Dionex Corp., a market-leading ion and high-performance liquid chromatography company. Prior to that, Dr. Witney first joined Affymetrix as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer when it acquired Panomics, Inc., a quantitative biology company, which Dr. Witney had led as President and Chief Executive Officer. He previously held the role of President of Revvity s Drug Discovery Tools division following Revvity s acquisition of Packard BioScience in 2001, where he served as President and Chief Operating Officer. Dr. Witney also held several positions at Bio-Rad Laboratories, leading that company s efforts to enter the proteomic and bioassay technologies market. Dr. Witney was a post-doctoral fellow at the National Institutes of Health and holds a PhD in molecular and cell biology and a Master of Science degree in microbiology from Indiana University, as well as a Bachelor of Science degree in microbiology from the University of Illinois. Dr. Witney is a member of the board of directors of publicly traded Cerus Corporation, currently serving as lead independent director, and Standard BioTools, Inc., as well as several privately held companies, and until 2024, was a director of Telesis Bio, Inc. (formerly known as Codex DNA). Dr. Witney is an Operating Partner at Ampersand Capital Partners. Dr. Witney brings to our board deep market knowledge and over 30 years of leadership experience across the life sciences and diagnostics industries, including as a chief executive officer and board member. Through this experience, he has developed expertise in several valued areas including strategic product development, business development and operational management. PASCALE WITZ : Age 59; Principal Occupation: Founder and President, PWH Advisors. Director of Revvity since 2017. Member of the audit and compensation and benefits committees. Ms. Witz has served as the President of PWH Advisors, a consultancy firm advising healthcare and investment companies, since founding the firm in 2016. Previously, Ms. Witz served as a Member of the Executive Committee for Sanofi, S. A., most recently as Executive Vice President, Global Diabetes Cardiovascular, and previously as Executive Vice President, Global Pharma and Consumer Healthcare divisions. Before joining Sanofi, Ms. Witz served as President and Chief Executive Officer of GE s pharmaceutical diagnostics, a $2 billion integrated pharmaceutical business that encompassed research and development through commercialization. Previously, Ms. Witz served with GE Healthcare, where she held positions of increasing responsibility in Europe and the United States. Before joining GE Healthcare, Ms. Witz was previously employed with Becton Dickinson Pharmaceutical Systems. Ms. Witz currently serves on the board of directors of publicly traded Fresenius Medical Care AG, as well as several privately held companies. Ms. Witz formerly served on the boards of publicly traded Regulus Therapeutics, Inc. until 2025, Horizon Therapeutics plc until 2023, Tesaro, Inc. until 2019, and Savencia SA until 2018. Ms. Witz received her Master of Business Administration degree from INSEAD, Fontainebleau, France and her Master of Science degree in biochemistry from the Institut National des Sciences Appliqu es, Lyon, France. She was also a doctoral student in molecular biology at the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Strasbourg, France. Ms. Witz brings to our board three decades of experience in the global life sciences industry, both as an executive officer and as a board member at publicly traded companies. Her in-depth knowledge of many of the markets that the Company serves allows her to assist the Board with regard to both current operational decision-making as well as longer-term resource utilization and strategic planning. 12 Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents INFORMATION RELATING TO OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND ITS COMMITTEES Determination of Independence Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Under current NYSE rules, a director of Revvity qualifies as independent only if our board of directors affirmatively determines that the director has no material relationship with Revvity, either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with Revvity. Our board of directors evaluates the independence of our directors on an annual basis. In evaluating potentially material relationships, our board considers commercial, industrial, banking, counseling, legal, accounting, charitable and familial relationships, among others. Our board of directors has determined that none of Messrs. Chapin, Klobuchar, Michas, or Vounatsos, Ms. Witz, or Drs. Barrett, McMurry-Heath, Vandebroek or Witney, has a material relationship with Revvity, and also that each of these directors is independent as determined under Section 303A.02(b) of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. Director Candidates Our shareholders may recommend director candidates for inclusion by the board of directors in the slate of nominees the board recommends to our shareholders for election. The qualifications of recommended candidates will be reviewed by the nominating and corporate governance committee. If the board determines to nominate a shareholder-recommended candidate and recommends his or her election as a director by the shareholders, the name will be included on our proxy card for the shareholders meeting at which his or her election is recommended. Shareholders may recommend individuals for the nominating and corporate governance committee to consider as potential director candidates by submitting their names, together with appropriate biographical information and background materials, and a statement as to whether the shareholder or group of shareholders making the recommendation has beneficially owned more than 5% of our common stock for at least a year as of the date such recommendation is made. Materials should be mailed to the Revvity Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee c/o Office of the General Counsel, Revvity, Inc., 77 4 th Avenue, Waltham, Massachusetts 02451. The nominating and corporate governance committee will consider a proposed director candidate only if appropriate biographical information and background material are provided on a timely basis. The process followed by the nominating and corporate governance committee to identify and evaluate candidates may include requests to board members and others for recommendations, meetings from time to time to evaluate biographical information and background material relating to potential candidates, and interviews of selected candidates by members of the nominating and corporate governance committee and the board of directors. Assuming that appropriate biographical and background material are provided for candidates recommended by shareholders, the nominating and corporate governance committee will evaluate those candidates by following substantially the same process as outlined above, and applying substantially the same criteria, as for candidates submitted by board members. Shareholders also have the right under our Amended and Restated By-laws to nominate director candidates directly, without any action or recommendation on the part of the nominating and corporate governance committee or our board, by following the process for shareholder proposals for election of directors set forth in our Amended and Restated By-laws and discussed in Shareholder Proposals for 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders below. Candidates nominated by shareholders in accordance with these procedures will not be included in our proxy card for the shareholder meeting at which his or her nomination is recommended. Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents Selection and Review Process In considering whether to recommend any candidate for inclusion in the board of directors slate of recommended director nominees, including candidates recommended by shareholders, the nominating and corporate governance committee will apply the criteria set forth in Revvity s corporate governance guidelines and such other factors as the committee deems appropriate. These criteria include the candidate s experience, skills, and independence. In evaluating a candidate s experience and skills, the nominating and corporate governance committee may also consider qualities such as an understanding of technologies, marketing, finance, regulation and public policy, and international issues. In evaluating a candidate s independence, the nominating and corporate governance committee will consider the applicable independence standards of the NYSE and the Securities and Exchange Commission. The nominating and corporate governance committee will evaluate each director candidate in the context of the perceived needs of the board, the best interests of Revvity and its shareholders, as well as our corporate governance guidelines. Accordingly, the nominating and corporate governance committee seeks nominees with a broad range of experience, professions, skills and backgrounds. The nominating and corporate governance committee does not assign specific weights to particular criteria, and no particular criterion is necessarily applicable to all prospective nominees. We believe that the backgrounds and qualifications of the directors, considered as a group, should provide a significant composite mix of experience, knowledge and abilities that will allow our board to fulfill its responsibilities. Nominees are not discriminated against on the basis of race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, disability or any other basis proscribed by law. The nominating and corporate governance committee, as part of its annual assessment of board performance, reviews the range of experience, attributes and skills considered necessary for the optimal functioning of the board. The committee reviews the experience, attributes and skills currently represented on the board, as well as those areas where a change could improve the overall quality of our board and the ability of the board to perform its responsibilities. The committee then establishes those areas that could be the focus of a director search, if necessary. The nominating and corporate governance committee s annual evaluation process represents an in-depth and personalized approach to assessing both the effectiveness of the board as a whole and each member of the board on an individual basis. Included as a component of the board s annual self-evaluation is a review of the board s diverse mix of experience, attributes and skills. Each member of the board of directors is required to limit the number of other public company boards on which they serve so that they are able to devote adequate time to their duties to the Company, including preparing for and attending meetings of the board and any committees on which they serve. No director may serve on more than three other public company boards (and in the case of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, no more than one other public company board), in addition to the Company s board, unless such service is specifically approved in advance by a majority of the board. Directors are required to advise the Chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee in advance of accepting any invitation to serve on another public company board and to provide sufficient opportunity and information to confirm that the director who proposes to accept a new directorship remains independent. Service on boards of other organizations is required to comply with the Company s conflict of interest policies. Leadership Structure Our board of directors selects a Chair of the board by evaluating the criteria and using a process that the board considers to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, pursuant to our corporate governance guidelines. Our board of directors does not have a fixed policy on whether the Chief Executive Officer and Chair should be separate positions or whether the Chair should be an employee or non-employee. Currently, Mr. Michas serves as our Non-Executive Chair and Dr. Singh serves as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Michas has been a member of our board since 2001 and has served as Non-Executive Chair since December 2019, having most recently served as our Lead Director. In addition to his years of experience on our board, Mr. Michas brings to the role a wealth of 14 Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents corporate governance knowledge developed in his board roles with other public companies. Dr. Singh joined the Company in 2014 and has held a number of senior leadership positions. Dr. Singh was elected to our board in 2019 and has served as our Chief Executive Officer since December 2019. We believe that the Company benefits from separating the roles of Chair and Chief Executive Officer by allowing each individual to focus on their respective areas of responsibility. As Non-Executive Chair, Mr. Michas primary responsibilities include presiding at meetings of our board of directors, reviewing and assisting in setting the agenda and schedule for meetings of our board of directors, advising the committee chairs in performing their responsibilities, initiating and chairing meetings of the independent directors, and counseling the Chief Executive Officer and directors as needed. Our board holds executive sessions of the independent directors preceding or following each regularly scheduled board meeting. We believe that the current leadership structure, through the combination of Dr. Singh s knowledge of the Company as Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Michas demonstrated understanding of the role played by the chair of a public company board of directors, allows the Chief Executive Officer to set the overall direction of the Company and provide day-to-day leadership, while having the benefit of the Non-Executive Chair s counsel and corporate governance experience. In addition, separation of the roles of Non-Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer encourages a greater role for the independent directors in the oversight of the Company and in their representation of shareholders interests. Communications from Shareholders and Other Interested Parties Our board of directors will give appropriate attention to written communications on issues that are submitted by shareholders and other interested parties, and will respond if and as appropriate. Shareholders and other interested parties who wish to communicate with our entire board, or with our non-management directors, may do so by writing to Alexis P. Michas, Non-Executive Chair, Revvity, Inc., 77 4 th Avenue, Waltham, Massachusetts 02451. Communications will be forwarded to other directors if the communications relate to substantive matters that the Non-Executive Chair, in consultation with our General Counsel, considers appropriate for attention by the other directors. In general, communications relating to corporate governance and long-term corporate strategy are more likely to be forwarded than communications relating to ordinary business affairs, personal grievances or matters as to which we tend to receive repetitive or duplicative communications. Board of Directors Role in Risk Oversight Our board of directors has an active role in overseeing risks that could affect the Company, including operational, financial, legal and regulatory, and strategic and reputational risks. This oversight is conducted primarily through the audit committee, which has been assigned responsibility for enterprise risk management and reports regularly to our board on such matters. Senior management carries out the functional performance of enterprise risk management activities, with access to external service providers as needed. This process includes periodic reporting by management to the audit committee in order to systematically identify, analyze, prioritize and document potential business risks, their potential impact on the Company s performance, and the Company s ability to detect, manage, control and prevent these risks. When the audit committee receives a report from senior management, the Chair of the audit committee reports on the discussion to the full board during the next board meeting. This enables the board and its committees to coordinate the overall risk oversight role, particularly with respect to risk areas that may potentially impact more than one committee of the board of directors. In addition to the role our audit committee plays in overseeing enterprise risk management activities, our compensation and benefits committee monitors the design and implementation of our compensation programs to ensure that these programs include the elements needed to motivate employees to take a long-term view of the business and to avoid encouraging unnecessary risk taking. Based on a functional review of our compensation policies and practices as performed by senior management in consultation with our compensation and benefits committee, we do not believe that Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents any risks arising from our employee compensation programs are likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. The audit committee also oversees management s evaluation of risks posed by cybersecurity and related information technology issues to the Company s operational performance. This role includes engaging with senior management in a periodic review and assessment of the Company s cybersecurity, information security, data privacy and technology risks, and the Company s policies and procedures to assess, monitor, manage and mitigate these risks. The nominating and corporate governance committee oversees the Company s corporate responsibility and sustainability efforts, which includes the impact of environmental and social issues on the Company. This includes engaging with senior management, and, considering input from our shareholders and other stakeholders on what are commonly referred to as ESG issues, on a periodic basis, reviewing and assessing our policies and procedures in this area. The nominating and corporate governance committee reports any notable trends or issues back to the full board on a regular basis for further review. We believe that this level of oversight is appropriate and in the best interests of the Company and our shareholders given the high degree of importance that we place on advancing our environmental, social and governance strategy. Board of Directors Meetings and Committees Our board of directors has responsibility for establishing broad corporate policies and for reviewing overall performance, rather than day-to-day operations. The board s primary responsibility is to oversee the management of the Company and, in so doing, serve the best interests of our Company and its shareholders. The board selects, evaluates and provides for the succession of our executive officers. It reviews and approves corporate objectives and strategies, and evaluates significant policies and proposed major commitments of corporate resources. It participates in decisions that have a potential major economic impact on Revvity. Management keeps the directors informed of Company activity through regular written reports and presentations at board and committee meetings. The board participates in an annual self-evaluation process. Our board of directors met eight times in fiscal 2025. During fiscal 2025, each director attended 75% or more of the total combined number of meetings of the board and the committees of which such director was a member. Members of our board of directors are strongly encouraged to attend our annual meeting of shareholders utilizing available technology. In 2025, all of our directors attended our annual meeting of shareholders, which was conducted in a virtual meeting format. Dr. Singh is the only director who is also an employee of Revvity. He does not participate in the portions of any meetings at which his compensation is determined. Our board s standing committees are audit, nominating and corporate governance, and compensation and benefits. Each committee has a charter that has been approved by the board. Each committee must review the appropriateness of its charter and perform a self-evaluation at least annually. You can access our committee charters, corporate governance guidelines and our standards of business conduct under Company ESG-Governance on our website, www.revvity.com , or you may request a copy by writing to Revvity, Inc., 77 4 th Avenue, Waltham, Massachusetts 02451, Attention: Investor Relations. Audit Committee Our audit committee assists the board of directors in overseeing the integrity of our financial statements, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, risk assessment, the performance of our internal audit function and our independent registered public accounting firm. Our audit committee considers and approves the specific terms of debt and equity securities to be issued by Revvity, indebtedness and off-balance sheet transactions to be entered into by Revvity, and also considers and 16 Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents approves transactions affecting our capital structure. The current members of our audit committee are Mr. Chapin (Chair), Mr. Klobuchar, Mr. Vounatsos, Ms. Witz and Dr. Vandebroek. Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Chapin, Klobuchar and Vounatsos, Ms. Witz and Dr. Vandebroek qualify as an audit committee financial expert as defined by applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Each of Messrs. Chapin, Klobuchar and Vounatsos, Ms. Witz and Dr. Vandebroek is an independent director under the rules of the NYSE governing the qualifications of the members of audit committees, including the additional independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 for audit committees under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which we refer to in this proxy statement as the Exchange Act. In addition, our board has determined that each member of the audit committee is financially literate, and that Mr. Chapin has accounting and/or related financial management expertise as required under the rules of the NYSE. None of Mr. Chapin, Mr. Klobuchar, Mr. Vounatsos, Ms. Witz or Dr. Vandebroek serves on the audit committees of more than two other public companies. The audit committee held eight meetings during fiscal 2025. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Our nominating and corporate governance committee identifies qualified director candidates, recommends to the board of directors the persons to be nominated by the board as directors at the annual meeting of shareholders, reviews and recommends changes to our corporate governance principles and to our corporate responsibility and sustainability efforts, including the impact of environmental and social issues on the Company, and oversees the evaluation of the board. Our nominating and corporate governance committee also adopted and oversees our related party transactions policy. The current members of the nominating and corporate governance committee are Mr. Vounatsos (Chair), Mr. Chapin and Drs. Barrett and Witney. The board has determined that each of Mr. Vounatsos, Mr. Chapin and Drs. Barrett and Witney is independent as defined under the rules of the NYSE. The nominating and corporate governance committee has the authority under its charter to retain, review fees for, and terminate advisors and consultants as it deems necessary to assist in the fulfillment of its responsibilities. For information relating to nominations of directors by our shareholders, see Director Candidates above. For information concerning our related party transactions policy, see Certain Relationships and Policies on Related Party Transactions below. Our nominating and corporate governance committee met three times during fiscal 2025. Compensation and Benefits Committee Our compensation and benefits committee discharges the responsibilities of our board relating to the compensation and benefits of our Chief Executive Officer and our other executive officers, and reviews and makes recommendations to the nominating and corporate governance committee regarding director compensation. The compensation and benefits committee also oversees the performance evaluation of our Chief Executive Officer by our board. In addition, the compensation and benefits committee grants equity (stock options, restricted shares and other stock incentives) to our officers and administers our incentive compensation and executive benefit plans. The compensation and benefits committee also reviews and approves recommendations from our management-run administrative committee concerning terminations of broad-based, non-executive benefit plans, as well as material design changes to those plans that would result in significant cost or increased risk to the Company. The current members of the compensation and benefits committee are Dr. Barrett (Chair), Drs. McMurry-Heath and Witney and Ms. Witz. Our board has determined that each of Drs. Barrett, McMurry-Heath and Witney and Ms. Witz is independent as defined under the rules of the NYSE regarding independence of compensation committee members. Our compensation and benefits committee held five meetings during fiscal year 2025. The compensation and benefits committee has the authority under its charter to directly retain, review fees for, and terminate advisors and consultants as it deems necessary to assist in the fulfillment of its responsibilities. The committee has retained Pearl Meyer Partners, LLC as its Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents independent compensation consultant to assist the committee with its responsibilities related to our executive and board compensation programs. The Compensation Discussion and Analysis in this proxy statement provides additional information regarding the compensation and benefits committee s processes and procedures for evaluating and determining executive officer compensation. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation For the fiscal year ended December 28, 2025, the members of the compensation and benefits committee were Dr. Barrett (Chair), Drs. McMurry-Heath and Witney and Ms. Witz. None of our executive officers has served as a director or member of the compensation committee of any other entity while any executive officer of that entity served as a director or member of our compensation and benefits committee. Report of the Audit Committee The audit committee has: Reviewed and discussed with management our audited financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2025; Discussed with Deloitte Touche LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission; Discussed with Deloitte Touche LLP the matters required to be reviewed pursuant to Rule 207 of Regulation S-X; Reviewed the qualifications and performance of Deloitte Touche LLP and our internal audit function; Received and reviewed the written disclosures and the letter from Deloitte Touche LLP pursuant to applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent registered public accounting firm s communications with the audit committee concerning the independent registered public accounting firm s independence, and has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm regarding the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; and Based on the review and discussions referred to above, recommended to the board of directors that the audited financial statements referred to above be included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2025 for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The audit committee is pleased to submit this report to the shareholders. By the audit committee of the board of directors: Samuel R. Chapin, Chair Michael Klobuchar Dr. Sophie Vandebroek Michel Vounatsos Pascale Witz 18 Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Other Matters The following table presents the aggregate fees billed for services rendered by Deloitte Touche LLP, the member firm of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited and their respective affiliates, in the identified categories for fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024: Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Audit Fees $ 4,989,000 $ 4,359,000 Audit-Related Fees 125,000 100,000 Tax Fees 494,000 380,000 All Other Fees 12,000 15,000 Total Fees $ 5,620,000 $ 4,854,000 Audit Fees These are fees related to professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements, the reviews of the interim financial statements included in each of our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements. Audit-Related Fees These are fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit and review of our financial statements, and which are not reported under Audit Fees. These services consisted primarily of audits of employee benefit plans for fiscal 2025 and fiscal year 2024, and for fiscal year 2024, attestation services for such matters as required for consents related to registration statements and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Tax Fees These are fees billed for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning services. Fees for tax compliance services which relate to preparation of original and amended US and non-US corporate income tax returns amounted to $494,000 in fiscal 2025 and $380,000 in fiscal 2024. All Other Fees Fees paid or incurred for other services amounted to $12,000 in fiscal 2025 and $15,000 in fiscal 2024. Audit Committee s Pre-Approval Policy and Procedures The audit committee of our board of directors has adopted policies and procedures for the pre-approval of audit and non-audit services for the purpose of maintaining the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm. We may not engage our independent registered public accounting firm to render any audit or non-audit service unless either the service is approved in advance by the audit committee, or the engagement to render the service is entered into pursuant to the audit committee s pre-approval policies and procedures. On an annual basis, the audit committee may pre-approve services that are expected to be provided to Revvity by the independent registered public accounting firm during the following 12 months. At the time such pre-approval is granted, the audit committee must (1) identify the particular pre-approved services in a sufficient level of detail so that our management will not be called upon to make a judgment as to whether a proposed service fits within the pre-approved services and (2) establish a monetary limit with respect to the total pre-approved services, which limit may not be exceeded without obtaining further pre-approval under the policy. Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents Our management periodically provides the audit committee with updates of proposed services for pre-approval. Any additional services which fall outside the scope of the annual service review process require advance approval by the audit committee. The audit committee may delegate to one or more designated members of the committee the authority to grant pre-approvals of permitted services, or classes of permitted services, to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. The decisions of a designated member to pre-approve a permitted service are reported to the audit committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting. While controls have been established to identify all services rendered by the independent registered public accounting firm, the audit committee recognizes that there may be some de minimis services provided that, while considered permitted services, may not be identified as non-audit services or reported immediately because of their de minimis nature. Such services may be approved prior to the completion of the audit by either the audit committee, or a designated member of the audit committee. 20 Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Certain Relationships and Policies on Related Party Transactions The nominating and corporate governance committee of our board of directors has adopted written policies and procedures for the review of any transaction, arrangement or relationship in which Revvity was or is to be a participant, and in which one of our executive officers, directors, director nominees or 5% stockholders (or their immediate family members), or any entity in which persons listed above, either individually or in the aggregate, has a greater than 10% ownership interest, each of whom we refer to as a related party, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest, as determined by the committee. We refer to these transactions as related party transactions. The policy calls for any proposed related party transaction to be reviewed and, if deemed appropriate, approved by our nominating and corporate governance committee. Whenever practicable, the review and approval will occur prior to entry into the transaction. If advance approval is not practicable, the committee will review, and, in its discretion, may approve the related party transaction. The policy also permits the Chair of the committee to review and, if deemed appropriate, approve proposed related party transactions that arise between committee meetings, in which case the Chair will report such transactions to the committee at its next meeting. Any related party transactions that are ongoing in nature will be reviewed annually. The committee will review and consider such information regarding the related party transaction as it deems appropriate under the circumstances. The committee has determined that certain types of transactions, such as those excluded by the instructions to the Securities and Exchange Commission s related person transaction disclosure rule, do not create a material direct or indirect interest on behalf of related parties and, therefore, are not related party transactions for purposes of this policy. The committee may approve a related party transaction only if the committee determines that, under all of the circumstances, the transaction is in the best interest of Revvity and its shareholders. Securities Trading Policy We have adopted a Securities Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale and/or other dispositions of Company securities by our directors, officers, employees, and other covered persons, as well as by the Company itself. We believe the Securities Trading Policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and NYSE listing standards. A copy of our Securities Trading Policy is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 19 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2025. In addition to prohibiting trading while in possession of material non-public information, our Securities Trading Policy prohibits all employees and members of our board from engaging in the following types of transactions with respect to our securities: engaging in short sales and selling against the box ; or trading in puts, calls, straddles, options or any other form of derivative securities; or directly or indirectly engaging in hedging or monetization activities with respect to our securities including through purchases of financial instruments (such as prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds) or other transactions that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any decrease in the market value of our securities. Also, our officers may not pledge any shares of our stock or hold company securities in a margin account. Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Our director compensation program is designed to provide a competitive level of compensation and to enable Revvity to attract and retain highly qualified board members. Annual compensation for our non-employee directors consists of a cash retainer and equity compensation. Our board service year begins on the date of our annual meeting of shareholders. Our non-employee directors were paid the compensation described below for their service during the 2025 board service year. Annual Cash Retainer Each of our current non-employee directors was paid an annual cash retainer of $90,000 in four quarterly installments. Quarterly cash retainer installments are paid in May, August, November and February, which is the first month of each of the successive three-month periods following the annual meeting of shareholders. Our Non-Executive Chair and the Chairs of our audit, compensation and benefits, and nominating and corporate governance committees were each paid an additional retainer in recognition of the further responsibilities carried by these roles. For 2025, our Non-Executive Chair was paid an additional annual cash retainer of $90,000, and the Chairs of our audit, compensation and benefits, and nominating and corporate governance committees were paid additional annual cash retainers of $25,000, $20,000 and $15,000, respectively. The cash retainer is prorated to the nearest whole month for non-employee directors who serve for only a portion of the year. The retainer is also prorated for any director who attends fewer than 75% of the aggregate number of meetings of our board and the meetings of committees on which the director is a member. All of our directors fulfilled the meeting requirement in fiscal year 2025. Equity Compensation Our non-employee directors receive a portion of their annual compensation in the form of equity grants in two parts. A portion of the annual equity compensation is delivered in the form of an award of our common stock. The second portion is delivered in the form of a grant of restricted stock units, or RSUs, which vest 100% on the scheduled date for our next annual meeting of shareholders, subject to the director s continued service through such date, or, if earlier, upon the director s death, disability or qualifying retirement, or the termination of the director s service within 12 months following a change in control. Each component of our non-employee equity compensation program is described in more detail below. Stock Awards: In 2025, the Non-Executive Chair was awarded 1,552 shares and each of the other non-employee directors was awarded 1,338 shares of our common stock with a fair market value of $145,003 and $125,009, respectively. The number of shares granted was determined by dividing the target grant value by the closing price of our stock on the date of grant. The target amounts from which the grant amounts were calculated were $145,000 and $125,000, respectively. The granted shares are not subject to restrictions or vesting. We granted these awards on April 30, 2025, the annual grant date, which was the first day of the open trading window following our first quarter earnings release. Restricted Stock Units: In 2025, the Non-Executive Chair was awarded a grant of 1,288 RSUs and each of the other non-employee directors was awarded a grant of 1,074 RSUs with a fair market value of $119,977 and $100,043, respectively. The target amounts from which the grant amounts were calculated were $120,000 and $100,000, respectively. Each RSU entitles the holder to receive one share of our common stock upon vesting. The number of RSUs granted was determined by dividing the target fair market value by the Black-Scholes value of an RSU on the date of grant. We granted these 22 Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents awards on April 30, 2025, the annual grant date. The annual RSU grant will fully vest on the scheduled date for our next annual meeting of shareholders, subject to the director s continued service through such date or, if earlier, upon the director s death, disability or qualifying retirement, or the termination of the director s service within 12 months following a change in control. 2025 Director Compensation Name (1) Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($)(2) Stock Awards ($)(3)(4) All Other Compensation ($)(5) Total ($) Peter Barrett, PhD $ 110,000 $ 225,052 $ 335,052 Samuel R. Chapin $ 115,000 $ 225,052 $ 340,052 Michael A. Klobuchar $ 90,000 $ 225,052 $ 315,052 Michelle McMurry-Heath, MD, PhD $ 90,000 $ 225,052 $ 315,052 Alexis P. Michas $ 180,000 $ 264,981 $ 5,000 $ 449,981 Sophie V. Vandebroek, PhD $ 90,000 $ 225,052 $ 10,000 $ 325,052 Michel Vounatsos $ 105,000 $ 225,052 $ 330,052 Frank R. Witney, PhD $ 90,000 $ 225,052 $ 5,000 $ 320,052 Pascale Witz $ 90,000 $ 225,052 $ 315,052 NOTES (1) Directors who are employees of Revvity receive no additional compensation for their services as directors. Dr. Prahlad R. Singh, who serves on our board, was compensated in his capacity as our Chief Executive Officer and did not receive any additional compensation for his service as a director in 2025. His compensation is reported in the Summary Compensation Table. (2) Variations in cash retainer amounts paid to individual directors in 2025 reflect additional retainer amounts paid to our Non-Executive Chair and directors holding committee Chair roles. Annual cash retainer values are paid quarterly in May, August, November and February. (3) The grant date fair value of the annual RSU grant to our Non-Executive Chair and to each non-employee director in 2025 was $119,977 and $100,043, respectively. The annual RSU grants will fully vest on the scheduled date for our next annual meeting of shareholders, subject to the director s continued service through such date or, if earlier, upon the director s death, disability or qualifying retirement, or the termination of the director s service within 12 months following a change in control. The grant date fair value of the annual share grant to our Non-Executive Chair and to each non-employee director in 2025 was $145,003 and $125,009, respectively, and these shares were not subject to restriction or vesting. The amounts reported in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of awards of RSUs and shares granted to each listed director in fiscal year 2025. For a more detailed description of the assumptions used for purposes of determining grant date fair values, see Note 17, Stock Plans, in the notes to consolidated financial statements in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2025. (4) Each of our non-employee directors held unvested RSUs as of December 28, 2025 as follows: Mr. Michas: 1,288; Drs. Barrett, McMurry-Heath, Vandebroek and Witney: 1,074; Messrs. Chapin, Klobuchar and Vounatsos: 1,074; and Ms. Witz: 1,074. None of our non-employee directors held stock options as of December 28, 2025. Our non-employee directors receive annual share grants which are not subject to restriction and therefore held no shares of restricted stock as of December 28, 2025. Revvity common stock held by each of our non-employee directors as of February 17, 2026 is reported under Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock below. (5) Amounts in this column are related to matching charitable donations made on behalf of the director by the Revvity Foundation. Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents New Director Compensation New non-employee directors who serve for only a portion of the board service year receive a cash retainer and annual equity grants prorated to reflect the period he or she is anticipated to serve on our board during that year. Business Travel Accident Insurance Non-employee directors are provided with $250,000 of death benefit coverage under Revvity s business travel accident insurance policy which provides coverage while traveling on Revvity business. Revvity Foundation for Charitable Giving Non-employee directors are eligible for up to a $5,000 per year match of their donations to eligible charities. Director Stock Ownership Guidelines Within five years of election to our board, we expect each non-employee director to own Revvity stock with a fair market value equal to at least five times the annual cash retainer. For fiscal 2025, this value was $450,000 for all non-employee directors. As of February 17, 2026, all of our directors were in compliance with our stock ownership guidelines. See Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock below for the beneficial stock ownership of our directors. Changes to Director Compensation Our compensation and benefits committee reviews and makes recommendations to the nominating and corporate governance committee regarding director compensation and director compensation policies on a biennial basis. As part of these periodic reviews, the compensation and benefits committee obtains data and analyses from an independent compensation consultant with respect to director compensation programs at a number of companies identified by the compensation and benefits committee and the compensation consultant as industry peers. Our director compensation, including annual retainers and equity awards, is therefore subject to adjustment. No changes to director compensation were made for the 2025 board year. Compensation for the Non-Executive Chair and compensation for directors for board years 2024 and 2025 was determined based on a comprehensive analysis of non-employee director compensation at a group of companies identified by the compensation and benefits committee s compensation consultant and the compensation and benefits committee as our peers (which was the same group of peer companies used by the committee in its evaluation of executive compensation for fiscal 2024). These recommendations were intended to align our board compensation with market practice, which enables us to continue to attract and retain highly qualified board members. Please refer to Compensation Discussion and Analysis Determining Executive Pay External Market Practices for more information about the peer group used in connection with determining 2025 executive compensation. 24 Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK The following table shows the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned on February 17, 2026, except to the extent indicated otherwise in the footnotes, by (1) each of the directors and nominees for director individually, (2) each of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table below, (3) any person known to us to own beneficially more than five percent of our outstanding common stock and (4) all executive officers and directors as a group. The beneficial ownership set forth below includes any shares that the person has the right to acquire within 60 days after February 17, 2026 through the exercise or conversion of any stock option or other right. Name (1) Stock (Aggregate Amount) Stock-Based Holdings (2) Acquirable Within 60 Days (3) Total Shares Beneficially Owned (4) Percent of Class T. Rowe Price Investment Management, Inc. (5) 22,447,103 22,447,103 20.1 % The Vanguard Group, Inc. (6) 14,177,103 14,177,103 12.7 % BlackRock, Inc. (7) 8,686,672 8,686,672 7.8 % EdgePoint Investment Group, Inc. (8) 8,574,280 8,574,280 7.7 % T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. (9) 7,981,036 7,981,036 7.1 % Janus Henderson Group plc (10) 7,627,259 7,627,259 6.8 % Peter Barrett 26,013 0 0 26,013 * Samuel R. Chapin 20,396 0 0 20,396 * Joel S. Goldberg 41,514 63,709 63,888 169,111 * Michael A. Klobuchar 5,088 0 0 5,088 * Maxwell Krakowiak 16,412 0 51,589 68,001 * Michelle McMurry-Heath, MD/PhD 4,833 0 0 4,833 * Alexis P. Michas 61,083 17,491 0 78,574 * Prahlad R. Singh, PhD 113,312 46,583 256,481 416,376 * Sophie V. Vandebroek 5,088 0 0 5,088 * Miriame Victor 18,122 0 35,888 54,010 * Tajinder S. Vohra 13,965 0 38,064 52,029 * Michel Vounatsos 11,697 0 0 11,697 * Frank Witney, PhD 21,074 0 0 21,074 * Pascale Witz 13,705 0 0 13,705 * All executive officers and directors of the Company as a group, 14 in number 372,302 127,783 445,910 945,995 * NOTES * Less than 1% (1) Except to the extent noted below, each individual or entity has sole voting and investment power over the shares of common stock identified in the table as beneficially owned by the individual, other than shares accrued under our deferred compensation plan that may not be sold until distributed from the plan, and shares of restricted stock which may not be sold until they have fully vested. Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents (2) This column represents indirect holdings of Revvity common stock, including, for example, investments in the Revvity stock fund selected by the employee in our retirement savings plan, and shares that are accrued under deferred compensation arrangements and are payable 100% in common stock at the time of distribution. This column also includes shares held by spouses, minor children and trusts. (3) Represents shares of common stock that may be acquired within 60 days after February 17, 2026 upon the exercise of outstanding stock options and the vesting of RSUs. (4) Represents the sum of the shares set forth for the individual in each of the Stock, Stock-Based Holdings and Acquirable Within 60 Days columns. (5) Based on information set forth in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17, 2026 by T. Rowe Price Investment Management, Inc., which sets forth their beneficial ownership as of December 31, 2025. According to the Schedule 13G/A, T. Rowe Price Investment Management, Inc. has sole power to vote or direct the vote over 20,993,649 shares, and sole power to dispose or direct the disposition of 22,447,103 shares. The address of T. Rowe Price Investment Management, Inc. is 1307 Point Street, Baltimore, MD 21231. (6) Based on information set forth in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2024 by The Vanguard Group, Inc., which sets forth their beneficial ownership as of December 29, 2023. According to the Schedule 13G/A, The Vanguard Group has shared power to vote or direct the vote over 150,526 shares, sole power to dispose or direct the disposition of 13,656,528 shares, and shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of 520,575 shares. The address of The Vanguard Group, Inc. is 100 Vanguard Boulevard, Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355. (7) Based on information set forth in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 26, 2024 by BlackRock, Inc., which sets forth their beneficial ownership as of December 31, 2023. According to the Schedule 13G/A, BlackRock, Inc., has sole power to vote or direct the vote over 7,842,074 shares, and sole power to dispose or direct the disposition of 8,686,672 shares. The address of BlackRock, Inc. is 50 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001. (8) Based on information set forth in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2025 by EdgePoint Investment Group, Inc., which sets forth their beneficial ownership as of September 30, 2025. According to the Schedule 13G/A, EdgePoint Investment Group, Inc. has sole power to vote or direct the vote over 5,628,116 shares, shared power to vote or to direct the vote over 2,946,164 shares, sole power to dispose or direct the disposition of 5,628,116 shares, and shared power to dispose or to direct the disposition of 2,946,164 shares. The address of EdgePoint Investment Group, Inc. is 150 Bloor Street West, Suite 700, Toronto, Ontario M5S 2X9, Canada. (9) Based on information set forth in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2025 by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., which sets forth their beneficial ownership as of June 30, 2025. According to the Schedule 13G/A, T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., has sole power to vote or direct the vote over 7,940,305 shares, and sole power to dispose or direct the disposition of 7,978,064 shares. The address of T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. is 1307 Point Street, Baltimore, MD 21231. (10) Based on information set forth in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2025 by Janus Henderson Group plc, which sets forth their beneficial ownership as of September 30, 2025. According to the Schedule 13G/A, Janus Henderson Group plc has shared power to vote or direct the vote over 7,627,259 shares, and shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of 7,627,259 shares. The address of Janus Henderson Group plc is 201 Bishopsgate, EC2M 3AE, United Kingdom. 26 Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation Discussion and Analysis Revvity is a leading provider of health science solutions, technologies, expertise and services that deliver complete workflows from discovery to development, and diagnosis to cure. Revvity is revolutionizing what s possible in healthcare, with specialized focus areas in translational multi-omics technologies, biomarker identification, imaging, prediction, screening, detection and diagnosis, informatics and more. The structure of our executive compensation program supports our business strategy by driving top-line growth while remaining focused on profitability, productivity, investment opportunities and creating sustainable market positions for our products, technology and services. We believe this enhances the value of our shareholders investment and, over time, will generate sustainable shareholder value through stock price appreciation. Our named executive officers for fiscal year 2025 are as follows: Prahlad R. Singh: President and Chief Executive Officer Maxwell Krakowiak: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Joel S. Goldberg: Senior Vice President, Administration, General Counsel and Secretary Miriame Victor: Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Tajinder S. Vohra: Senior Vice President, Global Operations Executive Summary To provide context for the full description of our executive compensation programs that follows, we highlight below key information and achievements that impacted our executive compensation program for 2025 and future periods. 2025 Performance Highlights During fiscal year 2025, our team overcame a dynamic market environment, ultimately exceeding our financial targets provided at the beginning of the year. Our outperformance in the face of an evolving macro and regulatory environment is both a testament to the hard work of our incredible team and the result of the transformation that has taken place at our Company in recent years. Highlights of our fiscal year 2025 performance include: GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.06 for fiscal year 2025, as compared to GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.30 for fiscal year 2024. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations for fiscal year 2025 was $5.06, as compared to $4.90 for fiscal year 2024. GAAP revenue for fiscal year 2025 was $2,856 million, as compared to $2,755 million for fiscal year 2024. GAAP operating income from continuing operations for fiscal year 2025 was $357 million, as compared to $347 million for fiscal year 2024. GAAP operating profit margin from continuing operations was 12.5% as a percentage of revenue for fiscal year 2025, as compared to 12.6% for fiscal year 2024. A reconciliation of our GAAP results to the non-GAAP financial measure set forth above, adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations, can be found in Appendix A to this proxy statement. Revvity 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents Compensation Outcomes. Short- and long-term incentive plan payments made to our named executive officers were aligned with our financial results