=== HLT_2026-04-02.htm.gz ===
hlt-20260401 DEF 14A false 0001585689 78,651,629 8,350,685 56,800,036 58,773,265 38,013,198 12,470,862 3,187,416 10,477,589 10,833,541 8,497,143 140.20 113.95 164.86 224.40 261.39 119.84 90.79 150.99 199.57 226.60 78,651,629 8,350,685 56,800,036 58,773,265 38,013,198 12,470,862 3,187,416 10,477,589 10,833,541 8,497,143 1,629 2,599 3,089 3,429 3,725 407 1,257 1,151 1,539 1,461 iso4217:USD utr:Rate 0001585689 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001585689 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001585689 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001585689 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001585689 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001585689 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001585689 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001585689 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001585689 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001585689 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001585689 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001585689 hlt:ChangeInFairValueOfEquityAwardsVestedInCoveredYearAsOfVestingDateGrantedInPriorFiscalYearsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001585689 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001585689 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001585689 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001585689 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001585689 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001585689 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001585689 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001585689 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT for Annual Meeting of Stockholders April 2, 2026 Dear Stockholders: 2025 was a defining year for Hilton as we continued to execute on the strategy that has driven our sustained growth and industry-leading performance. Guided by our founding purpose to fill the earth with the light and warmth of hospitality, Team Members, owners, and partners around the world delivered the reliable and friendly stays that set Hilton apart and fuel the growth of our global network. Our growth trajectory accelerated in 2025 as we achieved our best year of organic openings, adding nearly 100,000 new rooms to our global portfolio and reaching our 9,000th hotel. We expanded into four untapped markets, including Tanzania, Rwanda, Pakistan, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, and celebrated 44 brand-country debuts. Our development pipeline grew to the highest level in our history, reinforcing the strong demand from owners who continue to choose Hilton for the superior returns our brands and commercial engine deliver. Today, we have more rooms under construction than any other hotel company, with approximately one in every five hotel rooms under construction slated to join the Hilton portfolio. We continued to innovate by expanding our brand portfolio with the launch of Outset Collection by Hilton, designed to offer guests unforgettable boutique and independent hotel experiences. We also recently introduced Apartment Collection by Hilton, entering the fast-growing apartment-style accommodation market. These brands, along with others planned for launch in the coming year, will play an important role in driving conversion momentum and long-term growth. 2025 also marked an important milestone in our luxury and lifestyle portfolio, celebrating the opening of our 1,000th hotel in the category. Notably, we reopened Waldorf Astoria New York, restoring one of the world's most iconic hotels. Across our luxury and lifestyle brands, we continued to build strong momentum with new openings and agreements to expand into iconic destinations around the world. We strengthened our Hilton Honors program by making loyalty both more accessible and more rewarding, introducing a faster path to elite status and a new premium tier. We also launched Hilton Honors Adventures, an extension of our loyalty program that invites travelers to immerse themselves in bucket-list-worthy experiences beyond the hotel stay. With our program now approaching a quarter billion members, Hilton Honors continues to deepen guest engagement and drive long-term value across our network. Underpinning our performance is a purpose-driven culture that continues to set us apart. In 2025, Hilton was again named the #1 World's Best Workplace by Fortune and Great Place to Work (the first and only hospitality company to top both the global and U.S. lists twice). We believe that when we invest in our people, they deliver extraordinary experiences for our guests, stronger returns for our owners, and lasting value for our shareholders. As we look ahead, we are well positioned for continued growth, with a strong global network, an award-winning and innovative brand portfolio, record owner demand, and a powerful commercial engine. Most importantly, we remain committed to building a company that creates opportunity for all: our guests, our Team Members, our owners, and the communities we serve. You can find more information in our proxy statement and annual report. We also invite you to attend our Annual Meeting of Stockholders on May 14, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. EDT. Your vote is important to us. Whether you own a few shares or many, and whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted at the meeting. On behalf of our Board of Directors and our entire Hilton family, thank you for your continued investment and trust. Sincerely, Jonathan D. Gray Christopher J. Nassetta Chairman of the Board of Directors President and Chief Executive Officer HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TIME 9:00 a.m., Eastern time, on May 14, 2026 PLACE Conrad Washington, DC, 950 New York Ave NW, Washington, DC 20001 ITEMS OF BUSINESS 1. To elect the director nominees listed in the proxy statement. 2. To ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. 3. To approve, in a non-binding advisory vote, the compensation paid to our named executive officers. 4. To approve, in a non-binding advisory vote, whether a non-binding, advisory vote to approve the compensation paid to our named executive officers should occur every one, two, or three years. 5. To approve the Hilton Amended and Restated 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 6. To consider such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting and any adjournments or postponements thereof. RECORD DATE You may vote at the Annual Meeting if you were a stockholder of record at the close of business on March 20, 2026. VOTING BY PROXY To ensure your shares are voted, you may vote your shares over the Internet, by telephone, or by requesting a proxy card to complete, sign, and return by mail. Internet and telephone voting procedures are described on the following page, in the "Questions and Answers" section beginning on page 56 of the proxy statement and on the proxy card. By Order of the Board of Directors, Caroline D. Krass Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary This Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement are first being distributed or made available, as the case may be, on or about April 2, 2026. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to Be Held on May 14, 2026 : This proxy statement and our annual report are available free of charge at www.proxyvote.com, a site that does not have "cookies" that identify visitors to the site. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS VOTING INFORMATION If at the close of business on March 20, 2026 you were a stockholder of record, you may vote your shares by proxy in advance of the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") through the Internet, by telephone, or by mail. Alternatively, you may vote in person at the Annual Meeting. For shares held through a broker, bank, or other nominee, you may vote by submitting voting instructions to your broker, bank, or other nominee. Please refer to information from your broker, bank, or other nominee on how to submit voting instructions. To reduce our administrative costs and help the environment by conserving natural resources, we ask that you vote through the Internet or by telephone, both of which are available 24 hours a day. You may revoke your proxies at the times and in the manners described in the "Questions and Answers" section beginning on page 56 of the proxy statement. If you are a stockholder and are voting by proxy by Internet or by telephone prior to the Annual Meeting, your vote must be received by 11:59 p.m., Eastern time, on May 13, 2026 to be counted. To vote by proxy prior to the Annual Meeting: BY INTERNET Go to the website www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. You will need the 16-digit number included on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or proxy card to vote online. BY TELEPHONE From a touch-tone telephone, dial 1-800-690-6903 and follow the recorded instructions, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. You will need the 16-digit number included on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or proxy card in order to vote by telephone. BY MAIL If you did not receive a printed copy of the proxy materials, request a proxy card from us by following the instructions on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. When you receive the proxy card, mark your selections on the proxy card. Date and sign your name exactly as it appears on your proxy card. Mail the proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope provided to you. YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT TO US. THANK YOU FOR VOTING. TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary 1 Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors 4 Nominees for Election to the Board of Directors in 2026 4 Board Skills Matrix 7 Sustainability Community Impact and Corporate Governance 8 Travel with Purpose 8 Board Matters, Director Independence , and Independence Determinations 8 Board Structure 9 Board Committees and Meetings 9 Committee Membership 10 Oversight of Risk Management 11 Executive Sessions 12 Board and Committee Evaluations 12 Committee Charters and Corporate Governance Guidelines 12 Code of Conduct and Ethics and Compliance 12 Director Nomination Process 12 Communications with the Board 13 Compensation of Directors 14 Annual Compensation Program 14 Stock Ownership Policy 15 Director Compensation for 2025 15 Executive Officers of the Company 16 Proposal No. 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 18 Audit and Non-Audit Fees 18 Report of the Audit Committee 19 Proposal No. 3 Non-Binding Vote on Executive Compensation 20 Proposal No. 4 Advisory Vote on the Frequency of Stockholder Vote on Executive Compensation 21 Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis ("CD A") 22 Executive Summary 22 Stockholder Engagement and 2025 Say-on-Pay Vote 23 Executive Compensation Framework 24 Roles in Making Compensation Decisions 24 Executive Compensation Peer Group 25 Executive Compensation Program Overview 26 Base Salary 26 Annual Cash Incentive Program 27 Long-Term Incentive ("LTI") Program 30 Other Benefits and Perquisites 33 Pension Benefits 33 Key Executive Compensation Practices 34 Ownership Policy 34 Clawback Policy 35 Stock Award Granting Policy 35 Risk Considerations 35 Compensation Committee Report 36 Executive Compensation Compensation T ables 37 Summary Compensation Table 37 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 38 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year-End 39 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 40 2025 Pension Benefits 40 2025 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 41 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control ("CIC") 42 Pay Ratio 44 Pay Versus Performance 45 Proposal No. 5 Approval of the Hilton Amended and Restated 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan 47 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 54 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 54 Ownership of Securities 55 Transactions with Related Persons 56 Questions and Answers 56 Stockholder Proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting 59 Forward-Looking Statements 60 Householding of Proxy Materials 60 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 60 Other Business 61 Incorporation by Reference 61 Annex A Non-GAAP Measures A- 1 Annex B Hilton Amended and Restated 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan B-1 DEFINITIONS AND TERMS As used in this proxy statement, unless otherwise indicated, references to: "Hilton," the "Company," "we," "us," and "our" refer to Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. "B" means billions, "M" means millions, and "k" means thousands "RevPAR" (1) , or "revenue per available room," means hotel room revenue divided by room nights available to guests for a given period and is presented on a comparable and currency neutral basis as of December 31, 2025 For "Adjusted EBITDA," (1) Adjusted EBITDA margin, and "Adjusted Diluted EPS" refer to Annex A for additional information, including the applicable definitions, and reconciliations to financial measures derived in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) "TSR" means total shareholder return "Team Members" refer to individuals we employ at our corporate offices and our leased and managed hotels; it does not include individuals who work on-property at franchise hotels, which are independently operated (1) Refer to "Part II Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Business and Financial Metrics Used by Management" of our Annual Report on our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 for additional information. HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, Virginia 22102 Telephone: (703) 883-1000 PROXY STATEMENT Annual Meeting of Stockholders: May 14, 2026 PROXY SUMMARY 2025 COMPANY PERFORMANCE KEY STRATEGIC PRIORITIES Hilton is a business of people serving people. Our strategic priorities are grounded in our values and mission: to fill the earth with the light and warmth of hospitality. Our strong performance in 2025 highlights the progress we've made on our strategic priorities. Lead with our culture Win with our customers Enhance our network effect Maximize our performance 2nd time awarded top honor by Great Place to Work Top ranked hospitality company for the 9 th consecutive year Received Great Place to Work recognitions in 67 countries , including #1 rankings in 18 markets Ranked as #1 Best Workplace for Women in the U.S. for the 7 th consecutive year 243M Members representing ~67% of total occupancy Launched Hilton Honors program upgrades, including a faster path to Hilton Honors elite status and a new premium tier Introduced Hilton Honors Adventures in collaboration with Explora Journeys Achieved 6.7% Net unit growth with 9,100+ properties across 143 countries and territories Opened the 1,000 th hotel in Hilton's luxury and lifestyle portfolio Launched Achieved +0.4% RevPAR growth, $1,461M Net income, $3,725M Adjusted EBITDA, $6.12 Diluted EPS, and $8.11 Adjusted Diluted EPS FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Over the past 5 years, Hilton has outperformed peers and delivered $41B of value creation to stockholders through stock price appreciation. Stock Price Growth (1) 1- / 3- / 5-Year TSR (1) Hilton Standard and Poor's (S P) 500 Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines Index Average Executive Compensation Peer Group (1) 1-year TSR measured from December 31, 2024 to December 31, 2025; 3-year TSR measured from December 30, 2022 to December 31, 2025; 5-year TSR and stock price growth measured from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2025; TSR assumes reinvestment of dividends. Our stock price was $111.26 at the beginning of the 5-year period and $287.25 at the end of the period. Our peers are listed under "Executive Compensation Peer Group" on page 25 . Hilton PROXY STATEMENT 1 PROXY SUMMARY EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION For 2025, the Compensation Committee maintained our historical compensation program, given the results of our 2024 Say-on-Pay vote and broad support by more than 90% of stockholders. We value the perspective of our stockholders and during the off-season reached out to stockholders representing 63% of our outstanding common stock. The 2025 Compensation Program for our Named Executive Officers ("NEOs") consisted of base salary, annual cash incentives, and long-term incentives ("LTI"). A significant portion of NEO compensation is performance-based and at-risk, as illustrated below. The majority of target compensation is delivered in the form of equity that vests over multiple years, including 50% of our LTI comprising performance share units ("PSUs") that vest at the end of a three-year period based on defined growth targets, 25% restricted stock units ("RSUs"), and 25% stock options. 2025 CEO Target Compensation 2025 Other NEO Target Compensation (Average) GOVERNANCE Our commitment to strong governance practices continued in 2025 as illustrated by the following: Commitment to a skilled director candidate pool consisting of candidates with diverse skills, experiences, and backgrounds Board-level oversight of cybersecurity, sustainability community impact, and corporate governance matters Annual election of directors Lead independent director Single class of voting stock No supermajority voting provisions Majority voting standard for directors in uncontested elections Proxy access by-law No stockholder rights plan; and if our Board were ever to adopt a stockholder rights plan in the future without prior stockholder approval, we would either submit the plan to stockholders for ratification or cause the rights plan to expire within one year Board Composition 2 PROXY STATEMENT Hilton PROXY SUMMARY VOTING ROADMAP Our Board s Recommendation Proposal No. 1: Election of All Director Nominees FOR Our Board of Directors believes that all of the director nominees listed in this proxy statement have the requisite qualifications to provide effective oversight of the Company s business and management. Pg. 4 Proposal No. 2: Ratification of the Appointment of Ernst Young LLP as Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm FOR Our Audit Committee and Board of Directors believe that the retention of Ernst Young LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 is in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders. Pg. 18 Proposal No. 3: Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation FOR We are seeking a non-binding, advisory vote to approve, and our Board of Directors recommends the approval of, the 2025 compensation paid to our named executive officers, which is described in the section of this proxy statement entitled "Executive Compensation." Pg. 20 Proposal No. 4: Advisory Vote on Frequency of Stockholder Vote on Executive Compensation 1 Year We are seeking a non-binding, advisory vote to determine whether a non-binding, advisory vote to approve the compensation paid to our named executive officers should occur every one, two, or three years. Pg. 21 Proposal No. 5: Approval of the Hilton Amended and Restated 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan FOR Our Compensation Committee and Board of Directors believe that the approval of the Hilton Amended and Restated 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan is in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders. Pg. 47 Hilton PROXY STATEMENT 3 PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Our Board of Directors (the Board or Board of Directors ) has considered and nominated the following nominees for a one-year term expiring at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until their successor is duly elected and qualified: Christopher J. Nassetta; Jonathan D. Gray; Charlene T. Begley; Chris Carr; Melanie L. Healey; Raymond E. Mabus, Jr.; Marissa A. Mayer; Elizabeth A. Smith, and Douglas M. Steenland. Action will be taken at the Annual Meeting for the election of these nominees. Unless otherwise instructed, the persons named in the form of proxy card (the proxyholders ) included with this proxy statement, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), intend to vote the proxies held by them for the election of the director nominees. If any of these nominees ceases to be a candidate for election by the time of the Annual Meeting, such proxies may be voted by the proxyholders in accordance with the recommendation of the Board. NOMINEES FOR ELECTION TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS IN 2026 The following information describes the offices held, other business directorships, and the term of each director nominee as of March 20, 2026. Beneficial ownership of equity securities of the director nominees is shown under "Ownership of Securities" on page 55 . Christopher J. Nassetta Christopher J. Nassetta, 63, joined Hilton as President and Chief Executive Officer in December 2007 and has served as a director of Hilton since that time. Previously, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of Host Hotels and Resorts, Inc., a position he held from May 2000 until October 2007. He joined Host in 1995 as Executive Vice President and was elected Chief Operating Officer in 1997. Before joining Host, Mr. Nassetta co-founded Bailey Capital Corporation, a real estate investment and advisory firm, in 1991. Prior to this, he spent seven years at The Oliver Carr Company, a commercial real estate company, where he ultimately served as Chief Development Officer. Mr. Nassetta is an Advisory Board member for the McIntire School of Commerce at the University of Virginia. He is a former member of the board of directors of CoStar Group, Inc. He is former Chair of the U.S. Travel Association, a member and a past Chairman of The Real Estate Roundtable, former Chairman and Executive Committee member of the World Travel Tourism Council, an at-large director of the Business Roundtable, a member of the Economic Club of Washington, a member of the Federal City Council, and serves on the Community Council of the Arlington Free Clinic. Mr. Nassetta graduated from the McIntire School of Commerce at the University of Virginia with a degree in Finance. Qualifications, Attributes, Skills, and Experience : extensive experience as an executive in the hospitality industry, extensive financial background, and experience with real estate investments; his role as our President and Chief Executive Officer brings management perspective to board deliberations and provides valuable information about the status of our day-to-day operations. Jonathan D. Gray Jonathan ("Jon") D. Gray, 56, is Chairman of our Board and has served in this role since 2007. Mr. Gray is President and Chief Operating Officer of Blackstone Inc. ( Blackstone ) and has served as a member of the board of directors of Blackstone since February 2012. He previously led Blackstone's Real Estate business until February 2018. He joined Blackstone in 1992 in the M A and Private Equity areas. Mr. Gray and his wife, Mindy, established the Basser Center for BRCA at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine in 2012 focused on the prevention and treatment of BRCA-related cancers. They have also established numerous programs for low-income children in New York. Mr. Gray received a B.S. in Economics from the Wharton School, as well as a B.A. in English from the College of Arts and Sciences at the University of Pennsylvania. He also serves on the board of XRG. Qualifications, Attributes, Skills, and Experience: substantial experience with real estate investing and extensive financial background, including in-depth knowledge of the real estate and hospitality industries. 4 PROXY STATEMENT Hilton PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Charlene T. Begley Charlene T. Begley, 59, has served as a director of Hilton since 2017. Ms. Begley served in various capacities at General Electric Company from 1988 through 2013. Most recently, she served in a dual role as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, as well as the President and Chief Executive Officer of GE s Home and Business Solutions business from January 2010 through December 2012. Ms. Begley served as President and Chief Executive Officer of GE Enterprise Solutions from August 2007 through December 2009. During her career at GE, she served as President and Chief Executive Officer of GE Plastics and GE Transportation, led GE s Corporate Audit staff and served as the Chief Financial Officer for GE Transportation and GE Plastics Europe and India. Ms. Begley currently serves as a director and member of the audit and risk committee and chair of the nominating governance committee of Nasdaq, Inc. and a director and chair of the audit committee of SentinelOne, Inc. Ms. Begley also previously served as a director and member of the audit and nominating committees of Red Hat, Inc. and WPP plc. Qualifications, Attributes, Skills, and Experience: extensive business and management expertise, including leading divisions of a global enterprise, significant experience in technology, finance, and information security, and service as a director of several public companies. Chris Carr Chris Carr, 62, has served as a director of Hilton since 2020. Mr. Carr previously served as the Chief Operating Officer of Sweetgreen, Inc. from 2020 to 2023. Prior to Sweetgreen, he held a variety of retail and supply chain senior executive roles at Starbucks, most recently as the Executive Vice President ("EVP"), Chief Procurement Officer. Mr. Carr also served as Starbucks EVP, Americas Licensed Stores and led Starbucks' U.S. retail business as the EVP, U.S. Retail Stores, where he was responsible for the omni-channel customer experience at approximately 13,000 U.S. company-operated and licensed retail stores. Prior to Starbucks, Mr. Carr spent 18 years in multiple executive leadership roles with ExxonMobil, developing, leading and implementing retail operational strategies for its Global Fuels Marketing downstream businesses. Mr. Carr holds a B.S. in Business Administration from the University of San Diego, and an M.B.A. from the New York Institute of Technology. He currently serves on the boards of Equity Residential, Valvoline Inc., and Recreational Equipment Inc. He also serves as a Board Trustee for Howard University and the University of San Diego. Qualifications, Attributes, Skills, and Experience: extensive business and management expertise, including leadership roles in a global enterprise, and significant experience in supply chain, strategy, brands, consumer marketing, and international operations. Melanie L. Healey Melanie L. Healey, 64, has served as a director of Hilton since 2017. Ms. Healey served as Group President of The Procter Gamble Company ("Procter Gamble") from 2007 to 2015. During her tenure at Procter Gamble, one of the leading providers of branded consumer packaged goods, Ms. Healey held several leadership roles, including Group President and advisor to the Chairman and CEO, Group President, North America, and Group President, Global Health, Feminine, and Adult Care Sector. Ms. Healey has more than 30 years of strategic, branding, and operating experience from leading consumer goods companies including Procter Gamble, Johnson Johnson, and S.C. Johnson Sons. Ms. Healey serves as a director of PPG Industries, Inc. and Kenvue Inc. She previously served as a director of Target Corporation and Verizon Communications Inc. Qualifications, Attributes, Skills, and Experience: extensive business and management experience, including leadership roles in a global enterprise, significant experience in strategy, brands, consumer marketing, and international operations, and service as a director of several public companies. Raymond E. Mabus, Jr. Raymond E. Mabus, Jr., 77, has served as a director of Hilton since 2017. Mr. Mabus brings significant public sector experience to the Hilton board, having served as the 75th United States Secretary of the Navy from 2009 to 2017. He was the United States Ambassador to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia from 1994 to 1996, the 60th Governor of Mississippi from 1988 to 1992 and Auditor of the State of Mississippi from 1984 to 1988. He is currently CEO of Mabus Group, a consulting company, and vice-chair of InStride, a public benefit company. Mr. Mabus currently serves as chair of Virgin Galactic Holdings, a public company, on the Board of XGS Energy, on the non-profit boards of World Central Kitchen and the Environmental Defense Fund, and on the Advisory Board for the National Medal of Honor Museum. He previously served as a director of Dana Incorporated, as chair of Kadem Sustainable Impact Corp., and as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Foamex International. He holds a Bachelor's Degree, summa cum laude, from the University of Mississippi, a Master's Degree from Johns Hopkins University, and a Law Degree, magna cum laude, from Harvard Law School. Qualifications, Attributes, Skills, and Experience: extensive international experience, including as U.S. ambassador to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, public policy and government relations experience, including as U.S. Secretary of the Navy and Governor of the State of Mississippi, and public company executive and board experience. Hilton PROXY STATEMENT 5 PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Marissa A. Mayer Marissa A. Mayer, 50, joined the Hilton board in May 2025. She is the CEO and Founder of Dazzle AI, a Palo Alto-based technology company focused in the consumer artificial intelligence space. Her leadership at Dazzle follows a seven-year tenure as CEO of Sunshine Products, which was acquired by Dazzle AI in 2025. A seasoned veteran of the technology industry, Ms. Mayer previously served as CEO, President, and Director of Yahoo!, Inc. (2012 2017). Prior to her time at Yahoo!, she was one of Google s earliest employees and its first female engineer. During her 13-year tenure at Google, she rose to Vice President of Search and User Experience, leading the search business for over a decade and overseeing the development of flagship products including Google Maps, Google News, and Gmail. She has served on the board of Walmart Inc. since 2012. At Walmart, she has served on the Compensation and Management Development Committee, the Strategic Planning and Finance Committee, and the Technology and E-Commerce Committee. She has served on the boards of AT T Inc. since 2024 and Starbucks Corporation since 2025. She serves on AT T's Audit Committee and the Corporate Development and Finance Committee as well as Starbucks' Nomination and Governance Committee. She also serves on the board of the San Francisco Ballet and previously served on the board of Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. Ms. Mayer holds a bachelor s degree in Symbolic Systems with a concentration in artificial intelligence and a master s degree in Computer Science with a specialization in artificial intelligence, both from Stanford University. Qualifications, Attributes, Skills, and Experience: experience in technology and consumer internet through her tenure at Google and as CEO of Yahoo!, as well as senior leadership and human capital management. Elizabeth A. Smith Elizabeth A. Smith, 62, has served as a director of Hilton since 2013. Ms. Smith is Chair of Revlon. She was a member of the board of directors of Bloomin Brands, Inc. from November 2009 to April 2023 and previously served as its Executive Chairman of the Board from April 2019 to February 2020, its Chairman of the Board from January 2012 to April 2019, and its Chief Executive Officer from November 2009 to April 2019. From September 2007 to October 2009, Ms. Smith was President of Avon Products, Inc., a global beauty products company, and was responsible for its worldwide product-to-market processes, infrastructure, and systems, including Global Brand Marketing, Global Sales, Global Supply Chain, and Global Information Technology. In January 2005, Ms. Smith joined Avon Products, Inc. as President, Global Brand, and was given the additional role of leading Avon North America in August 2005. From September 1990 to November 2004, Ms. Smith worked in various capacities at Kraft Foods Inc. Ms. Smith currently serves on the board of directors of Brown-Forman Corporation. Ms. Smith previously served as chair of the Atlanta Federal Reserve Board, as a member of the board of directors and audit committee of Staples, Inc., as a member of the board of directors of The Gap, Inc., and as a member of the board of directors of the U.S. Fund for UNICEF. Ms. Smith holds a bachelor s degree, Phi Beta Kappa, from the University of Virginia and an M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Qualifications, Attributes, Skills, and Experience: experience in strategy, brands, marketing, and sales, as well as corporate finance and financial reporting developed in her executive level roles where her responsibilities have included direct financial oversight of multinational companies with multiple business units. Douglas M. Steenland Douglas M. Steenland, 74, has served as a director of Hilton since 2009. Mr. Steenland worked for Northwest Airlines Corporation from September 1991 to October 2008, serving as Chief Executive Officer from April 2004 to October 2008 and as President from February 2001 to April 2004. During his tenure at Northwest Airlines, he also served as Executive Vice President, Chief Corporate Officer, and Senior Vice President and General Counsel. Mr. Steenland retired from Northwest Airlines upon its merger with Delta Air Lines, Inc. Prior to his time at Northwest Airlines, Mr. Steenland was a senior partner at a Washington, D.C. law firm that is now part of DLA Piper. Mr. Steenland is a member of the board of directors of American Airlines Group Inc. Mr. Steenland previously served as a director of American International Group, the London Stock Exchange, Performance Food Group Company, Travelport Worldwide Limited, Digital River, Inc., and Chrysler Group LLC. Mr. Steenland received a B.A. from Calvin College and is a graduate of The George Washington University Law School. Qualifications, Attributes, Skills, and Experience: experience in managing large, complex, international institutions generally, experience as a member of global public company boards, and an executive in the travel and hospitality industries in particular. YOUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE "FOR" THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE DIRECTOR NOMINEES NAMED ABOVE. 6 PROXY STATEMENT Hilton PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS BOARD SKILLS MATRIX The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee ("Governance Committee") and the full Board believe that the Board members should possess a complementary mix of diverse skills, attributes, and experiences to serve the Company and its stockholders. The matrix below highlights the specific experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills for each director that the Board considers important in determining whether each nominee should serve on the Board in light of the Company s business and strategy. The absence of a mark for a particular skill does not mean that director does not possess that particular skill or qualification or is unable to contribute to the decision-making process in that area. Experience / Qualification / Skill Begley Carr Gray Healey Mabus Mayer Nassetta Smith Steenland Hospitality / Travel Industry experience represents our core business Accounting / CFO / Auditing experience enables understanding of our financial reporting and internal controls Risk / Crisis Management experience reflects the ability to respond to the inevitable challenges that come with operating a dynamic global business Capital Markets / Financing experience is important to maintaining a healthy balance sheet no matter the economic environment Brands / Marketing experience supports the growth of our business around the world International experience supports our scope and plans for future development as well as the challenges of operating a global enterprise Technology / Cybersecurity experience supports our innovation as we strive to serve our guests in new and convenient ways Senior Executive Leadership experience running large organizations provides practical expertise and understanding of corporate strategy, financial oversight, risk management, and talent management Sustainability Community Impact insight will be critical to the future success of Hilton as we seek to do well by doing good Government / Public Policy experience provides important perspective as Hilton navigates a challenging political and increasingly regulated global environment Public Company Board experience provides an understanding of corporate governance, stockholder relations, and board oversight of management Legal experience provides appropriate perspective on evaluating risk, regulations, and obligations Years on Hilton Board 9 6 18 8 8 1 18 12 16 Hilton PROXY STATEMENT 7 SUSTAINABILITY COMMUNITY IMPACT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Hilton strives to create long-term value for all our stakeholders and strengthen the resilience of our business while also advancing our positive impact and delivering meaningful guest experiences through our Travel with Purpose strategy. As one of the world's largest hospitality companies, Hilton recognizes its responsibility to create positive environmental and community impacts across our operations and supply chain to ensure our properties and surrounding communities remain vibrant and resilient for generations of travelers to come. We have established and maintain a governance structure that supports our strategy by overseeing the management of the business in a manner consistent with the best interests of Hilton and our stakeholders. TRAVEL WITH PURPOSE We continue to make progress towards our Travel with Purpose priorities, including: (i) building opportunities for all our people; (ii) creating sustainable stays at our hotels; and (iii) strengthening our communities where we live, work, and stay. All of this work is underpinned by our commitment to responsible business by operating with accountability, integrity, and transparency. LightStay is our proprietary system for measuring and reporting our progress toward our Travel with Purpose goals. Our properties track energy, water, waste, and associated utility cost reduction projects under way, as well as community volunteerism and charitable donations. Robust reports inform our properties of their progress on a regular basis. More details about our Travel with Purpose goals and our progress toward them are reported annually in our Travel with Purpose Report, available at travelwithpurpose.hilton.com. Environmental Impact Continued to strengthen return on investment through utility cost savings measures including HVAC controls, building automation system technologies, and turnkey LED lighting. Through Meet with Purpose, we enable our customers, upon request, to quantify the estimated emissions of their events and provide guidance to plan more sustainable meetings. Became the first hospitality company to sign the U.S. Food Waste Pact, a national voluntary agreement co-led by ReFED and World Wildlife Fund to reduce food waste across all operations. Social Impact Team Members continued to actively volunteer in their local communities, demonstrating their commitment to creating a positive impact, and reported approximately 1.5M volunteer hours. Partnered with Protect All Children from Trafficking (PACT), an organization dedicated to reducing human trafficking and exploitation, to help prevent trafficking through training of hotel-based Team Members. Supported our hotel teams and surrounding communities through disasters and crises, including the wildfires in Los Angeles, floods in Texas, and Hurricane Melissa in Jamaica. Human Capital Management Recognized as the #1 World's Best Workplace and received recognitions in 67 countries including #1 rankings in 18 markets by Fortune and Great Place to Work. Our Go Hilton program generated $5M+ to support the Hilton Global Foundation and Team Member Assistance Fund, which financially supports Team Members and hotel teams impacted by disaster and extreme hardship. Created 686k+ learning and career growth opportunities for Team Members and community members through a wide-range of initiatives including expansion of mentoring programs and an increase in career development grants. BOARD MATTERS, DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE, AND INDEPENDENCE DETERMINATIONS Our Board oversees the management of our business and affairs, as provided by Delaware law, and conducts its business through meetings of the Board and three standing committees: the Audit Committee; the Compensation Committee; and the Governance Committee. Our Board has a majority of independent directors, and all of our Board s committees are fully independent. We have structured our corporate governance in a manner we believe closely aligns our interests with those of our stockholders. In addition to the Travel with Purpose highlights noted above, other features of our corporate governance include: Regular executive sessions of independent directors; Regular and robust Board and committee evaluations led by our lead independent director; 8 PROXY STATEMENT Hilton SUSTAINABILITY COMMUNITY IMPACT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Active Board engagement in succession planning for executives and directors; No stockholder rights plan; and if our Board were ever to adopt a stockholder rights plan in the future without prior stockholder approval, we would either submit the plan to stockholders for ratification or cause the rights plan to expire within one year; and A range of other corporate governance best practices, including limits on the number of directorships held by our directors to prevent overboarding, stock ownership guidelines for our executives and directors, a robust director education program, rotation of committee members, no supermajority voting provisions, a commitment to Board refreshment, and an extensive director nominee selection process to identify qualified candidates. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines and rules of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ), a director is not independent unless the Board affirmatively determines that they do not have a direct or indirect material relationship with us or any of our subsidiaries. In addition, the director must meet the bright-line tests for independence set forth by the NYSE rules. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines define independence in accordance with the independence definition in the current NYSE corporate governance rules for listed companies. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require the Board to review the independence of all directors at least annually. In the event a director has a relationship with the Company that is relevant to their independence and is not addressed by the objective tests set forth in the NYSE independence definition, the Board will determine, considering all relevant facts and circumstances, whether that relationship is material. Our Board affirmatively determined that each of Ms. Begley, Mr. Carr, Ms. Healey, Mr. Mabus, Ms. Mayer, Ms. McHale, Ms. Smith, and Mr. Steenland is independent under the guidelines for director independence set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and under all applicable NYSE guidelines, including with respect to committee membership. Our Board also has determined that each of Ms. Smith, Ms. Begley, Mr. Mabus, and Mr. Steenland is independent for purposes of Section 10A(m)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In making its independence determinations, the Board considered and reviewed all information known to it (including information identified through annual directors questionnaires). BOARD STRUCTURE Our Board of Directors is led by Mr. Steenland, our lead independent director, and Mr. Gray, our Non-Executive Chair. The CEO position is separate from the Chair position. Although we believe that the separation of the Chair and CEO positions is appropriate corporate governance for us at this time, our Board believes that the Company and stockholders are best served by maintaining flexibility to determine whether and when the Chair and CEO positions should be separate or combined to provide the appropriate leadership. Responsibilities of our lead independent director include: Serving as a liaison between the CEO and independent and non-employee directors; Advising as to the scope and production of Board materials; Managing our Board s self-evaluation process; Providing input on meeting agendas; Chairing executive sessions of independent directors; Monitoring communications between stockholders and our Board; and Consulting on corporate governance matters. BOARD COMMITTEES AND MEETINGS The following table summarizes the current membership of each of the Board s standing committees. Position Audit Committee Compensation Committee Governance Committee Committee Chair Elizabeth A. Smith (1) Melanie L. Healey Charlene T. Begley (1) Committee Members Charlene T. Begley Marissa A. Mayer Chris Carr Douglas M. Steenland Douglas M. Steenland Raymond E. Mabus, Jr. (1) We expect all directors to attend all meetings of the Board, meetings of the committees of which they are members, and the annual meeting of stockholders. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Board held five meetings, the Audit Committee held eight meetings, the Compensation Committee held four meetings, and the Governance Committee held four meetings. In 2025, each of our director nominees attended at least 80% of the meetings of the Board and committees on which they served as a member. We expect all directors to attend any meeting of stockholders. All of our directors attended the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 100% of our committee chairs are independent 100% of our committee chairs have public company executive experience 100% of our committee chairs are women; 33% are ethnically diverse (1) Until April 1, 2026, Ms. Begley was chair of the Audit Committee, Ms. Smith was chair of the Governance Committee, and Mr. Mabus was a member of the Audit Committee. Hilton PROXY STATEMENT 9 SUSTAINABILITY COMMUNITY IMPACT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP AUDIT COMMITTEE All members of the Audit Committee have been determined to be independent, as defined by our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the NYSE listing standards applicable to boards of directors generally, and audit committees in particular. Our Board also has determined that each of the members of the Audit Committee is financially literate within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE. In addition, our Board has determined that each of Ms. Smith, Ms. Begley, and Mr. Steenland qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined by applicable SEC regulations. The duties and responsibilities of the Audit Committee are set forth in its charter, which may be found at ir.hilton.com under Investors: Corporate Governance: Governance Documents: Audit Committee Charter, and include among others: Assisting the Board with its oversight of our accounting and financial reporting process and financial statement audits; Assisting the Board with its oversight of our disclosure controls procedures and our internal control over financial reporting; Assessing the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence; Engaging the independent registered public accounting firm; Overseeing the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm; Assisting with our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements in connection with the foregoing; Overseeing our exposure to risk, including, but not limited to, data privacy and security, business continuity, and operational risks; Reviewing related-party transactions; and Overseeing compliance with our Code of Conduct. With respect to our reporting and disclosure matters, the responsibilities and duties of the Audit Committee include reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements prior to inclusion in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, or other public filings, as applicable, in accordance with applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. On behalf of the Board, the Audit Committee plays a key role in the oversight of our risk management policies and procedures. See Oversight of Risk Management below. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE All members of the Compensation Committee have been determined to be independent as defined by our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the NYSE listing standards applicable to boards of directors generally, and compensation committees in particular. In addition, all members qualify as non-employee directors for purposes of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. The duties and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee are set forth in its charter, which may be found at ir.hilton.com under Investors: Corporate Governance: Governance Documents: Compensation Committee Charter, and include among others: Establishing, maintaining, and administering compensation and benefit policies designed to attract, motivate, and retain personnel with the requisite skills and abilities to contribute to our long-term success; Overseeing the goals, objectives, and compensation of our President and Chief Executive Officer, including evaluating the performance of the President and Chief Executive Officer in light of those goals; Overseeing the goals, objectives, and compensation of our other executives and directors; Assisting with our compliance with the compensation rules, regulations, and guidelines promulgated by the NYSE, the SEC, and pursuant to other laws, as applicable, including overseeing any necessary updates to our clawback policy in accordance with SEC and NYSE rules; and Issuing a report on executive compensation for inclusion in our annual proxy statement and Annual Report on Form 10-K. With respect to our reporting and disclosure matters, the responsibilities and duties of the Compensation Committee include overseeing the preparation of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis for inclusion in our annual proxy statement and Annual Report on Form 10-K in accordance with applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. The charter of the Compensation Committee permits the committee to delegate any or all of its authority to one or more subcommittees and to delegate to one or more of our officers the authority to make awards to Team Members other than any Section 16 officer under our incentive compensation or other equity-based plan, subject to compliance with the plan and the laws of our state of jurisdiction. The Compensation Committee has the authority under its charter to retain outside consultants or advisors, as it deems necessary or advisable. In accordance with this authority, the Compensation Committee has engaged the services of Exequity LLP ( Exequity ) as its independent outside compensation consultant. All executive compensation services provided by Exequity were conducted under the direction or authority of the Compensation Committee, and all work performed by Exequity was pre-approved by the Compensation Committee. Neither Exequity nor any of its affiliates maintains any other direct or indirect business relationships with us or any of our subsidiaries. The Compensation Committee evaluated whether any work provided by Exequity raised any conflict of interest for services performed during 2025 and determined that it did not. 10 PROXY STATEMENT Hilton SUSTAINABILITY COMMUNITY IMPACT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE As requested by the Compensation Committee, in 2025, Exequity s services to the Compensation Committee included, among other things, providing perspective on current trends and developments in executive and director compensation, as well as analysis of benchmarking data and confirmation of our peer group composition. GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE All members of the Governance Committee have been determined to be independent as defined by our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the NYSE listing standards. The duties and responsibilities of the Governance Committee are set forth in its charter, which may be found at ir.hilton.com under Investors: Corporate Governance: Governance Documents: Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, and include among others: Advising the Board concerning the appropriate composition and qualifications of the Board and its committees, and its leadership structure; Identifying individuals qualified to become Board members; Recommending to the Board the persons to be nominated by the Board for election as directors at any meeting of stockholders; Recommending to the Board the members of the Board to serve on the various committees; Developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines and assisting the Board in complying with them; Reviewing and assessing the Company s Travel with Purpose strategy, practices, and policies and making recommendations to the Board on those matters; Reviewing the Company's public policy objectives, advocacy strategy, and political activities; and Overseeing the evaluation of the Board and the Board s committees. OVERSIGHT OF RISK MANAGEMENT While our senior executives are responsible for day-to-day risk management, the Board of Directors has overall responsibility for risk oversight, including, as part of regular Board and committee meetings, general oversight of executives management of short-term and long-term risks relevant to the Company. The involvement of the Board of Directors in reviewing our business strategy is an integral aspect of the Board s assessment of management s tolerance for risk and its determination of what constitutes an appropriate level of risk for the Company. The Board oversees and participates in an annual enterprise risk management review. As stewards of the Company's long-term prospects, the Board also actively engages in succession planning for its members as well as for our most senior executives on an annual basis and more frequently as needed. The Board reviews applicable processes and timelines, pipelines, and development for various senior leadership positions. While the full Board has overall responsibility for risk oversight, it is supported in this function by its Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Governance Committee. Each of the committees regularly reports to the Board. The Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its risk oversight responsibilities by periodically reviewing: Our accounting, reporting, and financial practices, including the integrity of our financial statements; The surveillance of administrative and financial controls; Our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; and Our enterprise risk management program. Through its regular meetings with management, including the finance, legal, internal audit, tax, compliance and information technology functions, the Audit Committee reviews and discusses all significant areas of our business and summarizes for the Board all areas of risk and the appropriate mitigating factors. The Audit Committee assists the Board in monitoring cybersecurity risk by receiving reports at least four times per year and as needed updates from our Chief Information Officer and Chief Information Security Officer that cover, among other things, our information security framework, risk mitigation procedures, threat assessment, response readiness, cybersecurity, and training efforts. To protect our customers and Team Members personal data, Hilton Team Members are required to complete annual Cybersecurity and Privacy training courses. We engage with third parties to conduct periodic assessments on Hilton s cybersecurity at both the corporate and property level, and to perform on-site breach simulation exercises. We also undergo audits to ensure our technology environment remains aligned with the ISO 27001 security control requirements. As a service provider and merchant under the Payment Card Industry s Data Security Standards, we undergo an annual comprehensive third-party audit to process billions of dollars in credit card payments. Although the Company has experienced information security incidents and attacks, and may continue to do so in the future, the Company has not experienced any known material information security breaches over the last three years. The Audit Committee also receives updates on the Company's insurance coverage, including the Company's cybersecurity insurance coverage. The Compensation Committee assists the Board by overseeing and evaluating risks related to the Company s compensation structure and compensation programs, including the formulation, administration, and regulatory compliance with respect to compensation matters, and coordinating, along with the Board s Chair, succession planning discussions. Hilton PROXY STATEMENT 11 SUSTAINABILITY COMMUNITY IMPACT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Governance Committee assists the Board by overseeing and evaluating programs and risks associated with Board organization, membership and structure, corporate governance, government affairs, and Travel with Purpose programs, including sustainability community impact. In addition, our Board receives periodic detailed operating performance reviews from management, and the Board and its committees receive updates on specific topics or developments that affect the Company overall or a particular aspect of the Company's business. Our Chief Risk Officer updates the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis and the full Board on an annual basis or more frequently as needed. EXECUTIVE SESSIONS Executive sessions, which are meetings of the non-employee members of the Board, are regularly scheduled throughout the year. In addition, at least once a year, the independent directors meet in a private session that excludes management. Our lead independent director presides at these sessions. BOARD AND COMMITTEE EVALUATIONS In accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines and NYSE rules, and as a matter of effective corporate governance, the Board and its committees conduct annual self-evaluations. The Governance Committee regularly evaluates the self-assessment process to keep current with best practices and refresh the process as necessary. In connection with our most recent self-evaluation, each of our directors completed a written questionnaire and had a one-on-one discussion with the lead independent director. The self-assessment process produces constructive feedback aimed at improving the performance and contribution of the Board, each committee, and each director. COMMITTEE CHARTERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES Our commitment to good corporate governance is reflected in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which describe the Board s views on a wide range of governance topics. These Corporate Governance Guidelines and committee charters are reviewed from time to time by the Governance Committee and, to the extent deemed appropriate in light of emerging practices such as sustainability matters, revised accordingly, upon recommendation to and approval by the Board. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Audit, Compensation, and Governance Committee charters and other corporate governance information are available on the Corporate Governance page of the Investors section on our website at ir.hilton.com. Any stockholder also may request them in print, without charge, by contacting the Office of the Corporate Secretary at Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, Virginia 22102. CODE OF CONDUCT AND ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE We maintain a Code of Conduct that is applicable to all of our directors, officers, and Team Members, including our Chair, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, and other senior financial officers. The Code of Conduct sets forth our policies and expectations on a number of topics, including conflicts of interest, compliance with laws, human rights, use of our assets, and business conduct and fair dealing. The Code of Conduct establishes a set of global business principles, with our compliance organization, training, risk management, and monitoring activities tailored to address unique risks by geography, business line, function, and level. We also have a robust set of compliance policies that address risk areas such as corruption, trade sanctions, insider trading, confidential information, antitrust, and escalation of concerns. Our annual training calendar includes mandatory training and supplemental training that is supported by company-wide awareness campaigns highlighting Hilton-specific risks and scenarios. We also use passive communication channels, including electronic bulletin board screens in the Team Member break room areas of our hotels and internal newsletters, as well as bespoke training sessions in response to specific Hilton Compliance Hotline matters. Our legal compliance team administers a third-party risk management program so that we understand the qualifications, reputation, and associations of third parties with whom we transact, particularly third parties who interface with government officials and third parties who act in Hilton s name, such as owners of our hotels. The Code of Conduct also satisfies the requirements for a code of ethics, as defined by Item 406 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. We will, if required, disclose within four business days any substantive changes in or waivers of the Code of Conduct granted to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, by posting such information on our website as set forth above rather than by filing a Form 8-K. In the case of a waiver for an executive officer or a director, the required disclosure also will be made available on our website within four business days of the date of such waiver. The Code of Conduct may be found on our website at ir.hilton.com under Investors: Corporate Governance: Governance Documents: Code of Conduct. We have an insider trading policy governing the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of our securities that applies to all our Team Members and directors. The policy also applies to the repurchase of our securities. We believe our insider trading policy and repurchase procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and applicable listing standards. A copy of our insider trading policy was filed as Exhibit 19 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 . DIRECTOR NOMINATION PROCESS The Governance Committee weighs the characteristics, experience, independence, and skills of potential candidates for election to the Board and recommends nominees for director to the Board for election. In considering candidates for the Board, the Governance Committee also assesses the size, composition, and combined expertise of the Board. As the application of these factors involves the exercise of judgment, the Governance Committee does not have a standard set of fixed qualifications that is applicable to all director 12 PROXY STATEMENT Hilton SUSTAINABILITY COMMUNITY IMPACT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE candidates. At a minimum, the Governance Committee assesses each candidate s strength of character, judgment, industry knowledge or experience, their ability to work collegially with the other members of the Board, and their ability to satisfy any applicable legal requirements or listing standards. The Company values diversity on an organizational basis and seeks to achieve a mix of Board members that represent a diversity of background and experience. Although the Board does not establish specific goals with respect to diversity, the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that any pool of director candidates will include candidates with diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences. The Governance Committee implements that policy and assesses its effectiveness by examining any candidate pools created when it selects director nominees. In identifying prospective director candidates, the Governance Committee may seek referrals from other members of the Board, management, stockholders, and other sources, including third-party recommendations. The Governance Committee also may, but need not, retain a search firm in order to assist it in identifying candidates to serve as directors of the Company. The Governance Committee uses the same criteria for evaluating candidates regardless of the source of the referral or recommendation. When considering director candidates, the Governance Committee seeks individuals with backgrounds and qualities that, when combined with those of our incumbent directors, provide a blend of skills and experience to further enhance the Board s effectiveness. In connection with its annual recommendation of a slate of nominees, the Governance Committee also may assess the contributions of those directors recommended for re-election in the context of the Board evaluation process and other perceived needs of the Board. When considering whether the directors and nominees have the experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills, taken as a whole, to enable the Board to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively in light of our business and structure, the Board focused primarily on the information discussed in each Board member s biographical information set forth above. We believe that our directors provide an appropriate mix of experience and skills relevant to the size and nature of our business. This process resulted in the Board s nomination of the incumbent directors named in this proxy statement and proposed for election by you at the upcoming Annual Meeting. The Governance Committee will consider director candidates nominated by stockholders. Our by-laws allow a single stockholder, or group of up to 20 stockholders, owning 3% or more of our outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years as of the date of nomination to nominate and include in our proxy statement director nominees constituting up to the greater of two individuals and 20% of the number of directors then serving, provided the stockholder(s) and the nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in our by-laws, including that notice of a nomination be provided to our Secretary at the address below not less than 120 days nor more than 150 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting. A non-proxy access director nomination must notify our Secretary in writing not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting. Any nomination submitted to our Secretary should be in writing, satisfy the requirements contained in our by-laws, and include any necessary supporting material in support of the nomination, but must include information that would be required under the rules of the SEC to be included in a proxy statement soliciting proxies for the election of such candidate and a written consent of the candidate to serve as one of our directors if elected. In addition, stockholders who intend to solicit proxies in reliance on the SEC's universal proxy rule for director nominees submitted under the advance notice requirements of our by-laws must comply with the additional requirements of Rule 14a-19, including delivery of written notice that sets forth all information required by Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act. The address to submit a nomination is: Office of the Corporate Secretary, Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, Virginia 22102. All nominations received by our Secretary that satisfy our by-law requirements relating to director nominations will be presented to the Governance Committee for consideration. Stockholders also must satisfy the notification, timeliness, consent, and information requirements set forth above and in our by-laws. These requirements also are described under the caption Stockholder Proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting. COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE BOARD As described in the Corporate Governance Guidelines, stockholders and other interested parties who wish to communicate with a member or members of the Board, including the Chairperson of the Audit, Compensation, or Governance Committees, or to the non-employee or independent directors as a group, may do so by addressing such communications or concerns to the Office of the Corporate Secretary, 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, Virginia 22102, who will forward such communication to the appropriate party, except for job inquiries, surveys, business solicitations or advertisements, and other inappropriate material. The Office of the Corporate Secretary may forward certain correspondence elsewhere within our Company for review and possible response. Hilton PROXY STATEMENT 13 COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS We use a combination of cash- and equity-based compensation to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on our Board. Our CEO received no separate compensation for serving on the Board during 2025. ANNUAL COMPENSATION PROGRAM Each non-employee director is entitled to annual compensation for the period from our 2025 Annual Meeting until our 2026 Annual Meeting, as shown in the table below. As part of its periodic review of the annual director compensation program, the Board made no changes to its program after determining that non-employee directors' compensation aligned with that of the Company's peers. Pay Element Retainer Amount (1) Board Service Annual Equity Award $235,000 Annual Cash Retainer $100,000 Lead Independent Director $75,000 Committee Service Chair Member Audit Committee $35,000 $15,000 Compensation Committee $30,000 $10,000 Governance Committee $25,000 $10,000 (1) Cash compensation is payable in arrears on a semi-annual basis. All of our directors are reimbursed for reasonable travel and related expenses associated with attendance at Board or committee meetings. In addition, they are eligible to participate in our travel perquisite program, which provides for Company-paid rooms, food and beverage, and on-site services for non-employee directors, and their accompanying family members, while on personal travel at Company-branded hotels. For additional details on our travel perquisite program, see "Other Benefits and Perquisites" in the Compensation Discussion Analysis. Non-employee directors who retire from the Board with at least seven years of service are currently eligible for reimbursement for rooms, food and beverage, and on-site services at Company-branded hotels for up to 30 nights annually (subject to a specified cap, which is currently $20,000), concierge services, access to our Team Member discount program, and lifetime Diamond status in our Hilton Honors guest loyalty program. There are two former directors currently eligible for this retiree benefit. This benefit may be amended or discontinued at any time. Retainer fees for non-employee directors are paid in cash arrears twice a year for Board and committee service for the respective preceding 6 months. Beginning with fees paid for service in 2026, Directors can elect to defer all fees earned to be delivered in the form of deferred share units ("DSUs") that will follow the same settlement terms elected for the annual equity grant, where the number of DSUs awarded is equal to the retainer fee value earned on the payment date divided by the closing price of our common stock on each respective day. Equity awards are granted to our non-employee directors annually upon his or her election or re-election at our annual meeting of stockholders. The 2025 annual equity award was $235,000 and delivered in the form of DSUs, where the number of DSUs awarded is equal to $235,000 divided by the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. The equity currently held by our directors was awarded under the Hilton 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the "2017 Incentive Plan") and, prior to its adoption, the Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the "2013 Incentive Plan" and, together with the 2017 Incentive Plan, the "Incentive Plans") and the material terms thereof are outlined in the table below. Annual Equity Vesting Settlement Dividend Equivalents DSUs Granted annually since 2015 Fully vested at the time of grant 2015-2022 DSUs settle in shares of common stock upon a termination of service for any reason Beginning with 2023 DSUs, unless the non-employee director elects to settle shares on the second anniversary of the grant date, the shares will settle upon a termination of service for any reason Upon a change in control, DSUs settle immediately Accrue in the form of additional DSUs in an amount equal to the fair market value of any dividend payments as of the dividend payment dates, payable at settlement 14 PROXY STATEMENT Hilton COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS STOCK OWNERSHIP POLICY We have a stock ownership policy for our non-employee directors. Each of our non-employee directors is required to own our stock in an amount equal to five times his or her regular annual cash retainer. Each non-employee director currently, based on their holdings of Hilton common stock and fully vested DSUs, satisfies the stock ownership requirement. For purposes of this requirement, a director s holdings include shares held directly or indirectly, individually or jointly, shares underlying vested options, and shares held under a deferral or similar plan. Non-employee directors are expected to meet this ownership requirement within five years from the later of: (i) December 11, 2013 and (ii) the date they first become subject to the stock ownership policy. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION FOR 2025 The table below sets forth information regarding non-employee director compensation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) ($) Stock Awards (2) ($) All Other Compensation (3) ($) Total ($) Charlene T. Begley $145,000 $234,784 $379,784 Chris Carr $110,000 $234,784 $18,815 $363,599 Jonathan D. Gray $100,000 $234,784 $334,784 Melanie L. Healey $120,000 $234,784 $29,985 $384,769 Raymond E. Mabus, Jr. $115,000 $234,784 $35,458 $385,242 Marissa A. Mayer $55,000 $234,784 $289,784 Judith A. McHale (4) $65,000 $65,000 Elizabeth A. Smith $132,500 $234,784 $367,284 Douglas M. Steenland $200,000 $234,784 $42,951 $477,735 (1) Reflects amounts paid in accordance with our semi-annual pay cycle. (2) Represents the grant date fair value of DSUs computed in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 718 based on the closing price on the NYSE of our common stock on the grant date. Each eligible non-employee director was granted 928 DSUs on May 14, 2025, representing the director s annual equity award for the annual period from the 2025 Annual Meeting to the 2026 Annual Meeting. In accordance with the SEC s rules, any dividend equivalents that accrued on the directors DSU awards are not reported above because dividends were factored into the grant date fair value of these awards. For details regarding the directors beneficial ownership of equity securities, including their outstanding DSUs, see "Ownership of Securities." (3) Perquisites and other personal benefits for a director are excluded if the total value of all such perquisites and personal benefits is less than $10,000. Reflects all Company-paid expenses incurred at Company-branded hotels while on personal travel under our travel perquisite program. For each stay, we included the full nightly room rate charged by the hotel, associated room taxes and fees, parking, food and beverage charges, and other on-site services. (4) Ms. McHale retired from the Board as of May 14, 2025. Hilton PROXY STATEMENT 15 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY Set forth below is certain information regarding each of our current executive officers as of March 20, 2026, other than Mr. Nassetta, whose biographical information is presented under "Nominees for Election to the Board of Directors in 2026." Christian H. Charnaux Christian Charnaux, 49, is our Chief Development Officer, and leads the Company's development, architecture, and design construction functions globally. Mr. Charnaux rejoined Hilton in July 2025 and previously held various leadership positions with the company in the areas of brand management, commercial services, and finance from 2009 to 2018. Prior to rejoining Hilton, Mr. Charnaux served as Chief Growth Officer for Inspire Brands, a multi-brand restaurant company whose portfolio includes more than 33,000 restaurants worldwide. In this role, he led Inspire's inorganic growth and integration efforts, including over $18 billion of acquisitions, and oversaw the company's restaurant development, international, supply chain, government affairs impact, and foundation teams. Previously, Mr. Charnaux was with the Boston Consulting Group where he focused on the travel and consumer product sectors. He also worked for J.P. Morgan in the technology and mergers acquisitions investment banking groups. Mr. Charnaux serves on the board of directors of H R Block, Inc. as well as on the board of Carolina Alumni and on the University of North Carolina Board of Visitors. He is an alumnus of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill where he was a Morehead-Cain Scholar and later received an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Laura A. Fuentes Laura Fuentes, 50, is our Chief Human Resources Officer and Head of Hilton Supply Management ("HSM"), and leads the Company's human resources function and Hilton's supply chain organization. Prior to being appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in 2020, Ms. Fuentes served as Chief Talent Officer, overseeing talent, total rewards, people analytics, and HR strategy. Prior to joining Hilton in 2013, Ms. Fuentes spent six years at Capital One Financial Corporation in various corporate strategy and human resources roles, including leading workforce analytics, recruitment, and compensation functions for the organization. Before Capital One, she worked at McKinsey Company in their Madrid, New York, and Washington D.C. offices, where she served clients across financial services and non-profit sectors. Ms. Fuentes serves on the board of directors of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. She is an Advisory Board member for the McIntire School of Commerce at the University of Virginia, is Chair of the board of directors of Make-a-Wish Mid-Atlantic, and serves on the Community Council of the Arlington Free Clinic. Originally from Spain, she holds a B.S. from the University of Virginia, an M.S. in Structural Engineering from the University of Texas at Austin, and an M.B.A. from Columbia University. Kevin J. Jacobs Kevin J. Jacobs, 53, is our Chief Financial Officer, and leads the Company's finance, corporate strategy, and real estate functions globally. Mr. Jacobs joined the Company in 2008 as Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy; was elected Treasurer in 2009; was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff in 2012; assumed the role of Chief Financial Officer in 2013; and added the role of President, Global Development in 2020 to 2025. Prior to Hilton, Mr. Jacobs was Senior Vice President, Mergers Acquisitions and Treasurer of Fairmont Raffles Hotels International. Prior to Fairmont Raffles, Mr. Jacobs spent seven years with Host Hotels and Resorts, Inc., ultimately serving as Vice President, Corporate Strategy Investor Relations. Prior to Host, Mr. Jacobs had various roles in the Hospitality Consulting Practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and the Hospitality Valuation Group of Cushman Wakefield, Inc. Mr. Jacobs is a member of the board of directors of Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc., a triple-net equity REIT that supports the goals of skilled nursing facility and assisted living facility operators with financing and capital. He is also a trustee of Cornell University and a member of the Dean's Advisory Board of the Cornell University School of Hotel Administration, is Chair of the Board of Directors of Goodwill of Greater Washington, and served as Immediate Past Chair and an Executive Board Member of the American Hotel Lodging Association. He is a graduate of the Cornell University School of Hotel Administration. 16 PROXY STATEMENT Hilton EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY Caroline D. Krass Caroline D. Krass, 58, is our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, leading Hilton's global legal and compliance functions. Prior to Hilton, Ms. Krass was appointed by President Biden and confirmed unanimously by the U.S. Senate to serve as General Counsel of the U.S. Department of Defense, where from 2021 to 2025, she was the chief legal officer of the Department and the principal legal advisor to the Secretary of Defense. She also served as the Director of the Defense Legal Services Agency, comprising the legal staffs assigned to the Defense Agencies and Department of Defense Field Activities. From 2018 to 2021, Ms. Krass served as Senior Vice President General Counsel, General Insurance and Deputy General Counsel of American International Group (AIG), where she led a global legal team supporting the primary business unit, as well as the cybersecurity and privacy, technology, and innovation teams across AIG. Before that, she was a partner and Chair of the National Security Practice Group at Gibson Dunn. In 2014, Ms. Krass was the first woman to be confirmed by the U.S. Senate as General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), where she served as the chief legal officer and primary legal advisor to the CIA Director until 2017. Previously, she served as the Acting Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel (OLC) in the Department of Justice, advising the President, Attorney General, and other Executive Branch leaders on complex questions of constitutional and statutory law. That role was the culmination of thirteen years at the Department, primarily as a career lawyer in OLC and as a Special Assistant U.S. Attorney within the National Security Section at the U.S. Attorney s Office for the District of Columbia. In 2009, Ms.Krass was appointed Special Assistant and Special Counsel for National Security Affairs to President Obama and Principal Deputy Legal Adviser to the National Security Council (NSC), where she advised officials on a range of legal issues related to national security and foreign policy. Earlier in her career, Ms. Krass served as Deputy Legal Adviser to the NSC, as Special Assistant to the General Counsel of the Department of the Treasury, and as a lawyer at the Department of State. She clerked for the Honorable Patricia M. Wald on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. Ms. Krass graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Stanford University with a B.A. in International Relations and received her J.D from Yale Law School. Christopher W. Silcock Christopher W. Silcock, 54, is our President, Global Brands and Commercial Services. He was appointed to this role in 2024 and leads the positioning of Hilton s brands including product design, performance support and owner services, and integration of commercial service offerings, including oversight of technology, sales, distribution, and loyalty. Prior to this role, Mr. Silcock served as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Significant accomplishments included leading the Company s global sales modernization process, establishing Hilton s first enterprise data and analytics team and transitioning revenue management to a data-driven discipline. Mr. Silcock has held various leadership positions in his nearly 30 years at Hilton, including Head of Revenue Management and Online and Regional Marketing, as well as positions at the Company s properties. He began his career with Hilton as a catering and banquet waiter at Hilton Watford. In addition to his time at Hilton, Mr. Silcock consulted with several hospitality companies, including large international chains, smaller operators, and independent hotels across Europe. He previously served as a board member for Groups360, a leading online marketplace for meetings, and on the board of Roomkey, a joint venture of six global hospitality companies, including two years as the board s chairman. Mr. Silcock holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Studies from the University of Essex and studied music before his hospitality career. Hilton PROXY STATEMENT 17 PROPOSAL NO. 2 RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Audit Committee has selected Ernst Young LLP ("E Y") to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. Although ratification is not required by our by-laws or otherwise, the Board is submitting the selection of E Y to our stockholders for ratification because we value our stockholders views on the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. If our stockholders fail to ratify the selection, it will be considered as notice to the Board and the Audit Committee to consider the selection of a different firm. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may select a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Representatives of E Y are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting. They also will have the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so, and they are expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions. The shares represented by your proxy will be voted for the ratification of the selection of E Y unless you specify otherwise. AUDIT AND NON-AUDIT FEES In connection with the audit of the 2025 financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, we entered into an agreement with E Y, which sets forth the terms by which E Y will perform audit services for the Company. The following table presents fees billed for professional services rendered by E Y for the audit of our financial statements for 2025 and 2024 and fees billed in those periods for other services rendered by E Y: 2025 2024 Audit fees: Consolidated audit (1) $6,250,000 $6,300,000 Statutory and subsidiary audits (2) $3,350,000 $3,250,000 Total audit fees $9,600,000 $9,550,000 Audit-related fees (3) $667,000 $1,182,000 Tax fees (4) $83,000 $71,300 Total audit and non-audit fees $10,350,000 $10,803,300 (1) Includes the aggregate fees recognized in each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by E Y for the audit of the Company s annual consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting and the review of financial statements included in SEC filings, as well as procedures to provide consents and comfort letters related to SEC Registration Statements. The fees are for services that are normally provided by E Y in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements. (2) Includes the aggregate fees recognized in each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by E Y that are reasonably related to the performance of audits related to subsidiaries and statutory reporting required for legal compliance for certain international subsidiaries or requirements of debt or other operating agreements. (3) Includes the aggregate fees recognized in each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by E Y that are reasonably related to the performance of the Company s audit. Specifically, these costs include fees for accounting and audit consultation, audits of employee benefit plans, and other attest services. (4) Includes the aggregate fees recognized in each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by E Y for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. The Audit Committee considered whether providing the non-audit services shown in this table was compatible with maintaining E Y s independence and concluded that it was. Consistent with SEC policies regarding auditor independence and the Audit Committee s charter, the Audit Committee has responsibility for engaging, setting compensation for and reviewing the performance of the independent registered public accounting firm. In exercising this responsibility, the Audit Committee has adopted policies and procedures relating to the approval of all audit and permitted non-audit services provided by any independent registered public accounting firm prior to each engagement. At the beginning of each year, the Audit Committee approves fees proposed for audit and non-audit services expected to be provided during the year by E Y. Within those pre-approved amounts, the Audit Committee approves spending attributable to specified classes of services. Any reallocation of or increase to the proposed amounts is approved by the Audit Committee. All services provided to the Company by E Y for 2025 were approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with these pre-approval policies and procedures. YOUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE "FOR" THE RATIFICATION OF ERNST YOUNG LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR 2026. 18 PROXY STATEMENT Hilton REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a charter that is reviewed annually by the Audit Committee. Additionally, a brief description of the primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee is included in this proxy statement under the discussion of "Sustainability Community Impact and Corporate Governance Committee Membership Audit Committee." Under the Audit Committee charter, management is responsible for the preparation, presentation and integrity of the Company s financial statements, the application of accounting and financial reporting principles and our internal controls and procedures designed to assure compliance with accounting standards and applicable laws and regulations. The independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for auditing our financial statements and expressing an opinion as to their conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In the performance of its oversight function, the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements and internal control over financial reporting of the Company with management and with the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee also discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the SEC. In addition, the Audit Committee received the written disclosures and the letters from the independent registered public accounting firm required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent registered public accounting firm s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm their independence. Based upon the review and discussions described in the preceding paragraph, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the audited financial statements of the Company be included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC. Submitted by the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors: Charlene T. Begley, Chair Raymond E. Mabus, Jr. Elizabeth A. Smith Douglas M. Steenland, Lead Independent Director Hilton PROXY STATEMENT 19 PROPOSAL NO. 3 NON-BINDING VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION In accordance with the requirements of Section 14A of the Exchange Act (which was amended by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act) and the related rules of the SEC, we are including in these proxy materials a separate resolution subject to stockholder vote to approve, in a non-binding, advisory vote, the compensation paid to our named executive officers as disclosed on pages 37 to 46, commonly referred to as the "Say-on-Pay" vote. While the results of the vote are non-binding and advisory in nature, the Compensation Committee (the "Committee") and the Board intend to carefully consider the results of this vote. The text of the resolution in respect of Proposal No. 3 is as follows: "RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to the Company s named executive officers, as disclosed in this proxy statement pursuant to the rules of the SEC, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and any related narrative discussion, is hereby APPROVED." In considering their vote, stockholders may wish to review with care the information on our compensation policies and decisions regarding the named executive officers presented in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis on pages 22 to 36 , as well as the discussion regarding the Committee on page 10 . YOUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE "FOR" THE APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION PAID TO OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS. 20 PROXY STATEMENT Hilton PROPOSAL NO. 4 ADVISORY VOTE ON FREQUENCY OF STOCKHOLDER VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Section 14A of the Exchange Act requires us to submit a non-binding, advisory resolution to stockholders, at least once every six years, to determine how often we should include a say-on-pay proposal in our proxy materials for future stockholder meetings. Under this Proposal No. 4, stockholders may vote to have a say-on-pay proposal every one, two, or three years. Our stockholders voted on a similar proposal in 2020, with the majority voting to hold an advisory vote on a say-on-pay proposal every year. We continue to believe that these advisory votes should be conducted every year, so that our stockholders may give the Board and the Committee the opportunity to annually evaluate compensation decisions in light of ongoing stockholder feedback. Although this Proposal No. 4 is an advisory vote and not binding on the Company, the Committee, or the Board, the Committee and the Board value the opinions expressed by our stockholders in their votes on this proposal and will consider the outcome of the vote when making future decisions regarding the frequency of conducting future say-on-pay votes. It is expected that the next vote on a say-on-pay frequency proposal will occur at our 2032 annual meeting of stockholders. YOUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE ONE YEAR WITH RESPECT TO HOW FREQUENTLY A STOCKHOLDER VOTE TO APPROVE, IN A NON-BINDING VOTE, THE COMPENSATION PAID TO OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS SHOULD OCCUR. Hilton PROXY STATEMENT 21 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ( CD A ) EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 2025 BUSINESS AND COMPANY For 2025, we continued our focus on maximizing performance, expanding our global network, and enhancing our customer experience all while prioritizing long-term value creation and our Travel with Purpose strategy to drive responsible travel and tourism globally. Our performance over the long-term reflects the success of our disciplined growth strategy, the strength of our brands and commercial engines, the power of our network effect, and our resilient, fee-based, asset-light business model. This model drives significant free cash flow, which enabled us to return $3.3 billion of capital to our stockholders in 2025 through share buybacks and dividends. The highlights below demonstrate our strong, industry-leading performance that drives our compensation decisions. LEAD WITH OUR CULTURE Recognized as the #1 World's Best Workplace and received recognitions in 67 countries including #1 rankings in 18 markets by Fortune and Great Place to Work Recognized as #2 on the Companies that Care list by People and Great Place to Work Team Members continued to actively volunteer in their local communities, reporting approximately 1.5M volunteer hours Supported our hotel teams and surrounding communities through disasters and crises, including the wildfires in Los Angeles, floods in Texas, and Hurricane Melissa in Jamaica WIN WITH OUR CUSTOMERS Reached 243M members in our award-winning guest loyalty program, Hilton Honors, an increase of 15% from prior year Launched upgrades to the Hilton Honors program by introducing a faster path to higher tier status and a brand new ultra-premium tier, Diamond Reserve Hampton, Tru, and Home2 Suites each ranked #1 in their respective segments in J.D. Power s 2025 North America Hotel Guest Satisfaction Index Debuted Hilton Honors Adventures in partnership with Explora Journeys, expanding our loyalty program offerings with a focus on immersive, adventure-driven travel ENHANCE OUR NETWORK EFFECT Launched Outset Collection, Hilton s 25th brand overall, designed for guests looking for soulful, independent hotel experiences Opened the 1,000 th hotel in Hilton's luxury and lifestyle portfolio and reopened the iconic Waldorf Astoria New York Achieved new unit growth of 6.7% (81,100 rooms), including strategic partnerships Approximately 1 in every 5 hotel rooms under construction globally is slated to join Hilton's portfolio, more than any other hotel company MAXIMIZE OUR PERFORMANCE 5-year TSR was 161% (1) , delivering $41B of value creation to stockholders Under our capital return program, returned $3.3B to stockholders in 2025 through share buybacks and dividends Issued a total of $2.0B in senior notes, refinancing $1.0B of notes; no material indebtedness matures prior to 2027 Increased Adjusted EBITDA margin 290 basis points from prior year to 74.4% 2025 Performance Highlights $1,461M $3,725M + 0.4% $6.12 $8.11 Net Income Adjusted EBITDA RevPAR Growth Diluted EPS Adjusted Diluted EPS 790+ 97,000 3,700+ 520,000+ 26 Hotel Openings Net Rooms Added Pipeline Hotels Pipeline Rooms New Countries and Territories in Pipeline (1) Based on 5-year TSR measured from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2025; assumes reinvestment of dividends. 22 PROXY STATEMENT Hilton EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ( CD A ) 2025 COMPENSATION PROGRAM Our overarching pay for performance philosophy and the elements of our executive compensation program remained consistent for 2025. We believe that to attract and retain senior executives, we must provide them with a competitive level of compensation that rewards their continued service. Our compensation program consists of an annual base salary, an annual cash incentive, and a long-term incentive delivered in the form of equity that vests over multiple years. As illustrated below, a significant portion of the target compensation for our NEOs is performance-based and at-risk. The majority of target compensation is delivered as equity, including 50% of our LTI comprising PSUs that vest at the end of a three-year period. For our CEO, 85% of total target compensation is delivered in equity. 2025 CEO Target Compensation 2025 Other NEO Target Compensation (Average) In February 2025, the Compensation Committee made the following changes after reviewing each executive's current compensation, tenure, performance, and any change in the executive's position or responsibilities and the complexity and scope of the executive s position as compared to those of other executives within the Company and in similar positions at companies in our peer group. Pay Elements Changes in 2025 Base Salary No increase to CEO salary For other NEOs, the median base salary increase was 3.5% in early 2025, as described under "Base Salary" Annual Cash Incentives No increase to annual cash incentive target percentages, as described under "Annual Cash Incentive Program" Similar to last year, the 2025 annual cash incentive program was based on three categories (financial performance, business area performance, and organizational strength objectives), with a portion of our performance goals conditioned on objective and quantitative targets The median annual cash incentive payout in early 2026 was 114% of target LTI No increase to CEO LTI target For other NEOs, the median LTI target increase was 10% in early 2025, after considering individual performance, external market data, and internal pay equity, as described under LTI Program Awards were granted at target levels reflective of Company and individual performance STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND 2025 SAY-ON-PAY VOTE In May 2025, the advisory proposal to approve the 2024 compensation of our NEOs (the Say-on-Pay proposal) was approved by approximately 92% of the votes cast. We value the perspective of our stockholders and believe that stockholder engagement leads to enhanced governance practices. We have a proactive investor outreach program, and during the off-season reached out to stockholders that held 63% of outstanding shares of our common stock. Among the resulting engagements were discussions that touched on a broad set of topics, including executive compensation; human capital management areas such as succession planning and labor management; sustainability topics; and corporate governance matters. In our meetings with stockholders, we received valuable feedback that informed decisions regarding our executive compensation program. For 2025, the Committee maintained our historical compensation program, given the results of our 2025 Say-on-Pay vote and broad support from the stockholders with whom we engaged. Hilton PROXY STATEMENT 23 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ( CD A ) HOW WE MAKE COMPENSATION DECISIONS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION FRAMEWORK Our executive compensation framework provides an overview of how we make pay decisions. Our compensation philosophy guides our compensation program and how we set pay levels after considering the factors outlined below. Overall Compensation Philosophy Our goal is to provide programs that: Deliver competitive levels of compensation to attract, retain, and motivate highly-qualified executives Foster a strong relationship between long-term stockholder value and executive compensation by having a significant portion of compensation composed of LTI awards Emphasize performance-based compensation contingent upon achieving financial, business area, and organizational strength performance goals Promote the Company s core values of H ospitality, I ntegrity, L eadership, T eamwork, O wnership, and N ow Compensation Program Design Our programs are designed to: Provide three main components, each designed to be consistent with our compensation philosophy: base salary, annual cash incentive, and LTI awards Cultivate long-term value creation without taking unnecessary risks Combine both short- and long-term compensation to promote retention and foster our pay for performance environment Emphasize at-risk pay over fixed pay, yet create a positive work environment that rewards long-term achievements Motivate and reward for successfully executing our business strategies Consider multiple quantitative and qualitative factors in setting the level and mix of compensation Compensation Process In reviewing and establishing pay levels, we consider the following factors annually or more frequently as circumstances merit: Compensation of executives serving in similar positions at peer companies Individual knowledge, experience, and capabilities of the executives The executive s scope of responsibility, authority, and accountability The level of pay relative to the Company s other executives ( internal equity ) ROLES IN MAKING COMPENSATION DECISIONS The Committee oversees our executive compensation program with the advice of its independent compensation consultant and support from the Company s management team. Compensation Committee With input from our Board and its independent compensation consultant, the Committee oversees and approves key aspects of executive compensation, including our CEO s and other executive officers salaries, goals, and payouts under the annual cash incentive plan, the size and structure of LTI awards, and any executive perquisites or other benefits. In determining compensation for our NEOs, the Committee considers the factors outlined above and consults with its independent compensation consultant and the CEO (regarding the NEOs other than himself). In determining compensation for the CEO, the Committee also reviews the CEO s self-assessment of his performance against his Board-approved financial, business area, and organizational strength objectives. In implementing the Company s executive compensation program, the Committee takes into account the cyclical nature of the hospitality business, competitive market data, and the alignment of the Company s total pay opportunity and pay outcomes with performance. Management The CEO and Chief Human Resources Officer work closely with the Committee in managing the executive compensation program and attend meetings of the Committee. The CEO makes recommendations to the Committee regarding compensation for executive officers other than himself. Independent Compensation Consultant The Committee s independent compensation consultant, Exequity, provides research, survey information and analysis, incentive design expertise, and other analyses related to compensation levels and design. Exequity also updates the Committee on trends and developments related to executive compensation practices and provides its views to the Committee on best practices when evaluating executive pay programs and policies. In 2025, Exequity s services to the Committee included providing perspective on current trends and developments in executive and director compensation, analyzing benchmarking data, and evaluating our peer group composition. It otherwise performed no other services for the Company. The Committee evaluated whether any of the work provided by Exequity during 2025 raised any conflict of interest and determined that it did not. 24 PROXY STATEMENT Hilton EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ( CD A ) EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PEER GROUP To gain an understanding of current compensation practices and assess the competitiveness of our compensation program, the Committee reviews pay of executives serving in similar positions at peer companies. The external market data reviewed for 2025 included peer group proxy data and broad industry-comparative compensation surveys. The Committee reviews the composition of the peer group on an annual basis in consultation with its independent compensation consultant and considers: Industries that attract and retain similar talent Global presence and brand recognition Comparable size based on annual revenue, system-wide revenue (approximately $60 billion (1) ), market capitalization, Adjusted EBITDA, and number of Team Members (1) System-wide revenue reflects estimated revenues of franchised properties, in addition to revenues from properties managed or leased by Hilton. 2025 PEER GROUP COMPANIES As part of its annual review in August 2025, the Committee evaluated and approved maintaining the existing peer group. The peer group consists of 17 hospitality, travel, and global consumer brands, and restaurants that have a similar corporate structure, global presence, brand recognition, and that compete with the Company for talent. This is the peer group the Committee referenced when determining 2025 base salaries, target annual cash incentives, and target LTI for our executive officers. Hospitality Travel Global Consumer Brands Restaurants Hyatt Hotels Corporation Marriott International, Inc. Wyndham Hotels Resorts, Inc. Booking Holdings Inc. Carnival Corporation plc Expedia Group, Inc. Las Vegas Sands Corp. MGM Resorts International Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. United Airlines Holdings, Inc. Wynn Resorts, Limited Capital One Financial Corporation McDonald s Corporation NIKE, Inc. Starbucks Corporation The Walt Disney Company YUM! Brands, Inc. Hilton PROXY STATEMENT 25 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ( CD A ) EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM OVERVIEW Our NEOs Christopher J. Nassetta President Chief Executive Officer Kevin J. Jacobs EVP, Chief Financial Officer Christopher W. Silcock President, Global Brands Commercial Services Christian H. Charnaux EVP, Chief Development Officer Laura A. Fuentes EVP, Chief Human Resources Officer Head of HSM EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM We maintained our historical compensation program for our NEOs in 2025. The key elements of our program and performance measures are summarized below. Pay Elements Form Performance Measures and Key Characteristics Base Salary (on page 26 ) Cash Provide a competitive fixed level of pay Annual Cash Incentives Maximum Payout: 2x target (on page 27 ) Cash Financial CEO: 50% Other NEOs: 40% Annual Adjusted EBITDA (1) Business Area Organizational Strength CEO: 50% Other NEOs: 60% Business Area: Primarily based on quantitative financial and performance objectives Organizational Strength: Travel with Purpose and Human Capital Management objectives (including our ongoing commitment to Team Member engagement and talent management efforts), as well as Customer Promise objectives (including providing guests with the most reliable and friendly stays) LTI (on page 30 ) Equity PSUs: 50% Maximum Payout: 2x target Adjusted EBITDA, Free Cash Flow ("FCF") per share, Net Unit Growth ("NUG") Compound Annual Growth Rate ("CAGR"), and RevPAR Index ("RPI") Growth Vest at the end of a 3-year period RSUs: 25% Vest ratably over 2 years Stock Options: 25% Vest ratably over 3 years (1) Represents primary financial performance measure for our annual cash incentives. NEO COMPENSATION DECISIONS BASE SALARY We believe it is important to provide a competitive fixed level of pay to attract and retain experienced and successful executives. In determining the amount of base salary that each NEO receives, we look to the executive s current compensation, tenure, performance, any change in the executive s position or responsibilities, and the complexity and scope of the executive s position as compared to those of other executives within the Company and in similar positions at companies in our peer group. The Committee reviews base salaries periodically and may adjust them from time to time pursuant to such review. In February 2025, the Committee reviewed and set the base salaries as disclosed in the table below, resulting in a median base salary increase of 1.8% for existing NEOs. Increases for Mr. Silcock and Ms. Fuentes were consistent with market practices and increases for our corporate Team Members. Name 2024 Base Salary ($) 2025 Base Salary ($) 2024 to 2025 Increase (%) Christopher J. Nassetta $1,300,000 $1,300,000 % Kevin J. Jacobs $1,000,000 $1,000,000 % Christopher W. Silcock (2) $875,565 $906,266 3.5% Christian H. Charnaux (3) N/A $800,000 N/A Laura A. Fuentes $760,500 $787,250 3.5% (2) Mr. Silcock s cash compensation is denominated and paid in British pounds ("GBP"). The amounts reported above were converted to U.S. dollars ("USD") based on the average exchange rate for the year ended December 31, 2025 of 1.31763 USD per GBP. (3) Mr. Charnaux rejoined Hilton in July 2025. 26 PROXY STATEMENT Hilton EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ( CD A ) PERFORMANCE-BASED INCENTIVES WITH RIGOROUS TARGETS Each year, the Committee establishes performance measures designed to reward stretch performance on our key performance indicators. After review and engagement by the Committee, the performance targets are established for our annual cash incentive plan and our PSUs to motivate and reward our management team for successfully executing our business strategies while appropriately balancing risks. Targets are set after a rigorous planning process that considers both internal and external factors, as outlined in the table below. Factors Considered in Developing Performance Goals Internal Factors External Factors Historical and current performance Corporate strategy and key strategic priorities Short- and long-term operating plans Capital expenditure opportunities and decisions Global economic conditions and macroeconomic trends Hospitality industry trends and outlook Analyst and stockholder expectations Market outlook and growth For more information on the target setting for the annual cash incentive program and our PSUs, see "Annual Cash Incentive Program" section below and page 30 , respectively. ANNUAL CASH INCENTIVE PROGRAM Our annual cash incentive program is designed to motivate executive officers to focus on strategic business results and initiatives and reward them for their results and achievements. At the beginning of the performance year, each NEO s annual cash incentive award opportunity is based on pre-established performance objectives. Our CEO works with senior management to establish key strategic priorities ("KSPs"), which are then used to create the performance objectives. Each objective is given a specific weighting based on its scope, importance, and strategic relevance. The Committee then reviews and approves the objectives recommended for each NEO. Similar to last year, our 2025 program was based on three categories: financial performance, business area performance, and organizational strength objectives. Given the strategically and operationally diverse nature of our business, the mix of recommended objectives from within the business area performance and organizational strength categories is NEO-specific