=== HLT_2026-02-11.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors" and under "Summary of Risk Factors" below. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law. Summary of Risk Factors In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our company and our business. A summary of the principal factors that create risk in investing in our securities and might cause actual results to differ from expectations is set forth below : We are subject to the business, financial and operating risks inherent to the hospitality industry, any of which could reduce our revenues and limit opportunities for growth ; Macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical activity, public health concerns and other factors beyond our control can adversely affect and reduce demand for our products and services ; Because we operate in a highly competitive industry, our revenues or profits could be harmed if we are unable to compete effectively ; Our business is subject to risks related to doing business with third-party property owners that could adversely affect our reputation, operational results or prospects for growth; Failure to keep pace with developments in technology, including artificial intelligence ("AI"), could adversely affect our operations or competitive position; Failures in, material damage to or interruptions in our information technology systems, software or websites, including as a result of cyber-attacks on our systems or systems operated by third parties that provide operational and technical services to us, costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of personal data and other sensitive information and difficulties in updating our existing software or developing or implementing new software could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations ; The growth of internet reservation channels could adversely affect our business and profitability ; Because we derive a portion of our revenues from operations outside the United States ("U.S."), the risks of doing business internationally could lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits or disrupt our business ; The loss of key senior management personnel or labor shortages could restrict our ability to grow our business or operate our properties or result in increased labor costs that could adversely affect our results of operations; 2 Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to sustainability matters, that could increase costs or expose us to reputational and other risks; and Our substantial indebtedness and other contractual obligations could adversely affect our financial condition, our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, our ability to operate our business, our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and our ability to pay our debts, and could require us to divert our cash flows from operations to make required debt or interest payments . These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could also be affected by factors, events or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present material risks. Terms Used and Basis of Presentation in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Except where the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to "Hilton," "the Company," "we," "us" and "our" refer to Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., together with all of its consolidated subsidiaries. Except where the context requires otherwise, references to our "properties" refer to any hotels, resorts and other lodging offerings and timeshare properties that are managed, franchised, owned or leased by us, as well as third-party hotels we do not manage or franchise but that use our booking channels and related programs ("strategic partner hotels"), while references to "hotels" exclude timeshare properties. Refer to "Part II Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Business and Financial Metrics Used by Management" for additional information on our financial and performance metrics. Social Media We use our website at stories.hilton.com, our Facebook page at facebook.com/hiltonnewsroom, our LinkedIn page at linkedin.com/company/hilton and our corporate X account at x.com/hiltonnewsroom as channels of distribution of company information. We also use our website at travelwithpurpose.hilton.com to communicate our Travel with Purpose strategy. The information we post through these channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these channels, in addition to following our press releases, our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and our webcasts. The contents of our websites and social media channels are not, however, part of this report. Item 1. Business Overview Hilton is one of the largest global hospitality companies, with 9,158 properties comprising 1,351,351 rooms in 143 countries and territories as of December 31, 2025. Founded in 1919, Hilton has been an innovator in the industry for over 105 years, driven by the vision of founder Conrad Hilton "to fill the earth with the light and warmth of hospitality." Our premier brand portfolio includes luxury, lifestyle, full service, focused service and all-suites hotel brands, as well as timeshare brands. As of December 31, 2025, we had 243 million members in our award-winning guest loyalty program, Hilton Honors, an increase of 15 percent from December 31, 2024; refer to " Our Brand Portfolio" and " Our Guest Loyalty Program" below for additional information on our brands, including Hilton Honors. We operate our business through: (i) a management and franchise segment and (ii) an ownership segment, each of which is reported as a segment based on (a) delivering a similar set of products and services and (b) being managed separately given its distinct economic characteristics. The management and franchise segment includes all of the hotels we manage for third-party owners, as well as all properties that license our intellectual property ("IP") and/or use our booking channels and related programs, and where we provide other contracted services, but the day-to-day services of the hotels are operated or managed by someone other than us. Revenues from this segment include: (i) management and franchise fees charged to third-party hotel owners; (ii) licensing fees from our strategic partners, including co-branded credit card providers and strategic partner hotels, and Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. ("HGV"); and (iii) fees for managing the hotels in our ownership segment. The ownership segment primarily derives revenues from nightly hotel room sales, food and beverage sales and other services at our consolidated hotels. For more information regarding our segments, refer to " Our Business Management and Franchise" and " Our Business Ownership" below. 3 In addition to our current hotel portfolio, we are focused on the growth of our business by expanding our global hotel network through our development pipeline, which represents hotels that we expect to add to our system in the future. The following table summarizes our development activity: As of or for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 Hotels Rooms (1) Hotel system Openings 796 97,000 Net additions (2) 702 81,100 Development pipeline Additions 1,073 139,200 Count as of period end (3) 3,703 520,500 ____________ (1) Rounded to the nearest hundred. (2) Represents room additions, net of rooms removed from our system. Net unit growth for the year ended December 31, 2025 was 6.7 percent. (3) The hotels in our development pipeline were under development throughout 129 countries and territories, including 26 countries and territories where we had no existing hotels, with almost half of the rooms under construction and more than half of the rooms located outside of the U.S. Rooms under construction include rooms for hotels under construction or operating hotels that are in the process of conversion to our system. Nearly all of the rooms in our development pipeline will be in our management and franchise segment upon opening. We do not consider any individual development project to be material to us. We continue to drive customer loyalty, including participation in our Hilton Honors guest loyalty program, through: (i) our experience in the hospitality industry, which spans more than a century of customer service and entrepreneurship, and continues to evolve to meet the tastes, preferences and demands of our guests; (ii) our strong, well-defined brands that operate throughout the hospitality industry chain scales; (iii) our dedicated and collaborative workforce, built to focus on providing exceptional customer experiences; and (iv) our commercial service offerings. We believe that satisfied customers will generate additional business at our properties, yielding strong overall hotel performance for us and our hotel owners. Strong results at our existing properties will encourage further development of additional hotels under our brands and conversions of existing hotels to our brands with both (i) owners who currently have properties in our system and (ii) new owners who sign management or franchise contracts with us in the future, which further supports our growth and future financial performance. We believe that our existing hotel system and development pipeline, which will require minimal capital investment from us, positions us to further improve and grow our business, allocate capital effectively and meet our customers' demands and preferences in the future. 4 Our Brand Portfolio The goal of each of our brands is to deliver exceptional customer experiences and superior operating performance. December 31, 2025 (1) Brand (1) Countries/ Territories Properties Rooms Percentage of Total Rooms Selected Competitors (2) 21 39 9,688 0.7% Four Seasons, Mandarin Oriental, Ritz-Carlton, Rosewood Hotels Resorts, St. Regis 24 50 17,064 1.3% JW Marriott, Intercontinental, Sofitel, Grand Hyatt, Shangri-La, Fairmont 9 18 2,943 0.2% Leading Hotels of the World, Legend Preferred Hotels Resorts, Belmond, The Luxury Collection 1 1 91 % Firmdale Hotels, EDITION Hotels, One Aldwych 2 5 3,293 0.2% JW Marriott, Grand Hyatt, Fairmont, Intercontinental, Omni 15 48 8,496 0.6% Kimpton, Thompson Hotels, W Hotels, Virgin Hotels, SO/ 94 622 228,611 16.9% Hyatt Regency, Marriott, Omni, Sheraton, Westin 47 196 38,349 2.8% Autograph Collection, The Unbound Collection, Independent Hotels, MGallery, Kimpton 2 35 5,881 0.4% Le Meridien, Hyatt Centric, 25h, Hotel Indigo 62 715 160,138 11.9% Marriott, Crowne Plaza, Delta, Holiday Inn, Radisson, Sheraton, Wyndham 25 192 23,864 1.8% Joie de Vivre, Tribute Portfolio, Kimpton, Hotel Indigo, Ascend Hotel Collection, Trademark 8 270 62,316 4.6% Hyatt Regency, Marriott, Sheraton, Westin, Renaissance 1 6 1,424 0.1% AC Hotels, Aloft Hotels, Cambria, Hotel Indigo, Hyatt Centric 1 2 268 % Series, Unscripted, Handwritten, Ascend Hotel Collection 5 10 2,261 0.2% MAMA Shelter, CitizenM, Freehand, TRIBE Hotels 65 1,124 165,782 12.3% Aloft, Courtyard, Four Points, Holiday Inn, Hyatt Place 46 3,195 359,886 26.6% Comfort Suites, Courtyard, Fairfield, Holiday Inn Express, Springhill Suites 7 338 32,937 2.4% Best Western, Comfort Inn, La Quinta, Sleep Inn, Wingate, Avid 9 228 20,191 1.5% Quality Inn, Baymont, Travelodge, Howard Johnson, Super 8, Days Inn 5 559 64,243 4.8% Element by Westin, Hyatt House, Residence Inn by Marriott, Staybridge Suites, WaterWalk 3 865 95,347 7.1% TownePlace Suites, Hyatt Studios, Candlewood Suites, Staybridge Suites, @HOME by Best Western 1 2 226 % StudioRes, Candlewood Suites, Stay Apt Suites, Extended Stay America Premiere Suites, Sonesta Simply Suites, MainStay Suites 8 114 20,404 1.5% Disney Vacation Club, Holiday Inn Club Vacations, Marriott Vacations Worldwide, Travel Leisure Co. ____________ (1) Excludes 15 unbranded properties with 4,081 rooms, representing approximately 0.3% of total rooms and 509 strategic partner hotels with 23,567 rooms, representing approximately 1.8% of total rooms. Hilton Grand Vacations is inclusive of our timeshare brands: Hilton Club, Hilton Grand Vacations Club and Hilton Vacation Club. HGV has the exclusive right to use our timeshare brands, subject to the terms of a long-term license agreement with us. (2) These selected competitors exclude lesser-known regional competitors. 5 Our Guest Loyalty Program Hilton Honors is our award-winning guest loyalty program that supports our portfolio of brands. The program generates significant repeat business by rewarding guests with points for each stay at our leased, managed, franchised and timeshare properties, as well as each stay at strategic partner hotels when the stay is reserved through our booking channels, which are then redeemable for free or discounted room nights at our properties and other goods and services. Hilton Honors members can also use points earned to transact with strategic partner hotels as well as many strategic partners, including credit card providers, such as American Express, airlines, rail and car rental companies, Amazon, Lyft and others. Hilton Honors members who book through preferred Hilton channels also have access to instant benefits, including a flexible payment slider that allows members to choose nearly any combination of points and money to book a stay, an exclusive member discount and free standard Wi-Fi. Members also have access to contactless technology exclusively through the Hilton Honors app, where members can check in, choose their room and access their room using Digital Key. The program provides targeted marketing, promotions and customized guest experiences to 243 million members. Affiliation with our loyalty program encourages members to allocate more of their travel spend to our hotels. The percentage of travel spend we capture from Hilton Honors members increases as they move up the tiers of our program. The program is funded by contributions from eligible revenues generated by Hilton Honors members and collected from properties in our system, as well as our strategic partnerships. The funds collected by the Hilton Honors program are subsequently applied to reimburse properties and strategic partners for Hilton Honors points redemptions by Hilton Honors members and to pay for administrative expenses and marketing initiatives that support the program. 6 Our Business As of December 31, 2025, our existing system included the following properties and rooms, by type, brand and region: Ownership (1) Managed Franchised / Licensed Total Properties Rooms Properties Rooms Properties Rooms Properties Rooms Waldorf Astoria Hotels Resorts 2 463 37 9,225 39 9,688 Conrad Hotels Resorts 1 164 44 14,121 5 2,779 50 17,064 LXR Hotels Resorts 7 1,155 11 1,788 18 2,943 NoMad 1 91 1 91 Signia by Hilton 5 3,293 5 3,293 Canopy by Hilton 14 2,393 34 6,103 48 8,496 Hilton Hotels Resorts 43 14,660 309 130,725 270 83,226 622 228,611 Curio Collection by Hilton 31 7,720 165 30,629 196 38,349 Graduate by Hilton 35 5,881 35 5,881 DoubleTree by Hilton 169 45,523 546 114,615 715 160,138 Tapestry Collection by Hilton 8 2,479 184 21,385 192 23,864 Embassy Suites by Hilton 37 9,703 233 52,613 270 62,316 Tempo by Hilton 1 661 5 763 6 1,424 Outset Collection by Hilton 2 268 2 268 Motto by Hilton 10 2,261 10 2,261 Hilton Garden Inn 131 25,718 993 140,064 1,124 165,782 Hampton by Hilton 52 8,355 3,143 351,531 3,195 359,886 Tru by Hilton 14 1,565 324 31,372 338 32,937 Spark by Hilton 228 20,191 228 20,191 Homewood Suites by Hilton 8 1,020 551 63,223 559 64,243 Home2 Suites by Hilton 2 210 863 95,137 865 95,347 LivSmart Studios by Hilton 2 226 2 226 Strategic partner hotels (2) 509 23,567 509 23,567 Other (3) 3 803 12 3,278 15 4,081 Total hotels 46 15,287 873 264,760 8,125 1,050,900 9,044 1,330,947 Hilton Grand Vacations (4) 114 20,404 114 20,404 Total system 46 15,287 873 264,760 8,239 1,071,304 9,158 1,351,351 Ownership (1) Managed Franchised / Licensed Total Properties Rooms Properties Rooms Properties Rooms Properties Rooms U.S. 180 79,351 6,031 772,231 6,211 851,582 Americas (excluding U.S.) 1 405 69 18,118 432 55,895 502 74,418 Europe 37 10,662 113 28,116 754 90,987 904 129,765 Middle East Africa 3 1,376 120 34,437 45 6,704 168 42,517 Asia Pacific 5 2,844 391 104,738 863 125,083 1,259 232,665 Total hotels 46 15,287 873 264,760 8,125 1,050,900 9,044 1,330,947 Hilton Grand Vacations (4) 114 20,404 114 20,404 Total system 46 15,287 873 264,760 8,239 1,071,304 9,158 1,351,351 ____________ (1) Includes hotels owned or leased by entities in which we own a noncontrolling financial interest. (2) Includes hotels that are included in our booking channels and participate in the Hilton Honors guest loyalty program through strategic partnership arrangements. (3) Includes other hotels in our system that are not distinguished by a specific Hilton brand. (4) Includes properties under our timeshare brands including Hilton Club, Hilton Grand Vacations Club and Hilton Vacation Club. 7 Management and Franchise We manage hotels and license our brands through our management and franchise segment. This segment generates its revenue primarily from fees charged to hotel owners under management and franchise contracts, as well as from fees associated with license agreements, which include arrangements with strategic partner hotels. We grow our management and franchise business by attracting owners and strategic partners to become a part of our system and participate in our commercial services to support their properties. Our management and franchise contracts and license agreements provide significant return on investment for us as we earn and collect fees. Hotel Management Our core management services consist of operating hotels under management contracts for the benefit of third parties who either own or lease the hotels and the associated personal property. Often, particularly in the U.S., we employ the individuals working at these locations. Terms of our management contracts vary, but our fees generally consist of a base management fee, which is generally based on a percentage of the hotel s monthly gross operating revenue, and, when applicable, an incentive management fee, which is generally based on a percentage of the hotel's operating profits, normally over a one calendar year period, and, in some cases, may be subject to a stated return threshold to the hotel owner. In general, the owner pays all operating and other expenses and reimburses any of our out-of-pocket expenses. In turn, our managerial discretion is subject to approval by the owner in certain major areas, including the approval of annual operating and capital expenditure budgets and, in most instances, the appointment of certain key personnel. Additionally, the owners generally pay monthly program fees based on the underlying hotel's sales or usage, as reimbursement for the costs related to our: (i) advertising and marketing programs; (ii) internet, technology and reservation systems; and (iii) quality assurance programs. Owners are also responsible for various other fees and charges, including payments for participation in our Hilton Honors guest loyalty program, training, consultation and procurement of certain goods and services. We also provide owners with property improvement plans that must be satisfied to keep the hotels in compliance with our brand standards, so that they can remain in our hotel system. As of December 31, 2025, we m an aged 873 hotels with 264,760 rooms, which does not include hotels in our ownership segment. The initial terms of our management contracts are typically 20 to 30 years. In certain cases, we are both the franchisor and manager of the hotel, when we enter into a franchise contract in addition to the management contract, and, in these cases, we classify the hotel as managed in our system. Extension options for our management contracts are negotiated and vary, but typically are more prevalent in full service hotels. Generally, these contracts contain one or two extension options that are for either five or 10 years and can be exercised at our or the hotel owner's option or by mutual agreement, as specified by the contract. Some of our management contracts provide early termination rights to hotel owners upon certain events, including the failure to meet certain financial or performance criteria. Performance test measures typically are based upon the hotel s performance individually and/or in comparison to specified competitive hotels. We often have an optional cure right to pay an amount equal to the performance shortfall, which is measured over a specified period, although in some cases our cure rights are limited. Franchising We license our IP, including our brand names, trademarks and service marks, and our operating systems to hotel owners under franchise contracts. We do not own, manage or operate franchised properties, do not employ the individuals working at these properties and do not have any legal responsibility for the employees or the liabilities associated with operating these properties. We conduct periodic inspections of our franchised hotels to ensure that brand standards that we establish are maintained. For newly franchised hotels, including both new construction and conversions of existing hotels outside of our system, we approve the location, as well as the plans for the facilities, to ensure the hotels meet our brand standards. For existing franchised hotels, we provide franchisees with property improvement plans that must be satisfied to keep the hotels in compliance with our brand standards, so that they can remain in our hotel system. Each franchisee pays us an application, initiation or other fee in conjunction with the inception of a franchise contract. Franchisees also pay a royalty fee, generally based on a percentage of the hotel s monthly gross room revenue and, in some cases, may also include a percentage of gross food and beverage revenues and other revenues, as applicable. Additionally, franchised properties generally pay monthly program fees based on the underlying property's sales or usage, as reimbursement for the costs related to our: (i) advertising and marketing programs; (ii) internet, technology and reservation systems; and (iii) quality assurance programs. They are also responsible for various other fees and charges, including payments for participation in our Hilton Honors guest loyalty program, training, consultation and procurement of certain goods and services. We also earn 8 license fees from agreements with strategic partners, including co-branded credit card providers and strategic partner hotels, and HGV. As of December 31, 2025, including timeshare properties and strategic partner hotels, we franchised or licensed 8,239 properties and resorts with 1,071,304 rooms. Our franchise contracts typically have initial terms of approximately 20 years for new hotels and approximately 10 to 20 years for hotels converting from hotels outside of our system. At the expiration of the initial term, we may relicense franchise contracts to allow the franchisee to continue using our brand, at our or the franchisee's option or by mutual agreement, for an additional term generally ranging from 10 to 15 years. We have the right to terminate a franchise contract upon specified events of default, including nonpayment of fees or noncompliance with brand standards. If a franchise contract is terminated by us because of a franchisee s default, the franchisee is contractually required to pay us liquidated damages. Ownership As a hotel lessee and operator, we focus on maximizing cost efficiency and profitability of the portfolio by, among other things, maximizing hotel revenues, implementing cost-effective labor management practices and systems and reducing fixed costs. Through our disciplined approach to hotel and asset management, we develop and execute on strategic plans for each of our hotels to enhance their competitive position and invest in renovating guest rooms and public spaces and adding or enhancing meeting and retail space for properties where we believe such investments will improve profitability. As of December 31, 2025, the ownership segment included 46 hotels totaling 15,287 rooms, comprising 40 hotels that we leased, 2 hotels that were each leased by a consolidated variable interest entity ("VIE") and 4 hotels owned or leased by unconsolidated affiliates. Sustainability and Community Impact Hilton strives to create long-term value for all our stakeholders and strengthen the resilience of our business while also advancing our positive impact and delivering meaningful guest experiences through our Travel with Purpose strategy. As one of the world s largest hospitality companies, Hilton recognizes its responsibility to create positive environmental and community impacts across our operations and supply chain to ensure our properties and surrounding communities remain vibrant and resilient for generations of travelers to come. We have established and maintain a governance structure that supports our strategy by overseeing the management of the business in a manner consistent with the best interests of Hilton and our stakeholders. We continue to make progress towards our Travel with Purpose priorities, including: (i) building opportunities for all of our people; (ii) creating sustainable stays at our hotels; and (iii) strengthening our communities where we live, work and stay. All of this work is underpinned by our commitment to responsible business by operating with accountability, integrity and transparency. Our efforts are supported by a governance structure that is designed to ensure the priorities are an important part of our business and strategic objectives. Our executive committee receives at least quarterly updates on our Travel with Purpose programs and progress, and one of the three standing committees of Hilton's board of directors also receives quarterly reports on this progress, reviews and assesses our related strategy and makes recommendations to the board and management as appropriate. The board of directors also receives at least annual updates on our Travel with Purpose strategy and impact. LightStay is our proprietary system for measuring and reporting our progress toward our Travel with Purpose goals. Our properties track energy, water, waste and associated utility cost reduction projects under way, as well as community volunteerism and charitable donations. Robust reports inform our properties of their progress on a regular basis. The Hilton Global Foundation supports nonprofits and local community organizations that serve as partners to amplify our positive environmental and community impact around the world. The Hilton Global Foundation, created in 2019, is our primary international philanthropic arm and is registered as a U.S.-based 501(c)(3) charitable organization. More details about our Travel with Purpose goals and our progress toward them are reported annually in our Travel with Purpose Report, available at travelwithpurpose.hilton.com. Our People: Building Opportunities for All As of December 31, 2025, we employed or managed approximately 182,000 individuals at our leased and managed hotels and corporate offices. There were approximately 328,000 additional individuals employed by third-party owners working at our franchised properties. 9 Human Capital Management Our human capital management strategy focuses on attracting, developing and retaining the best talent in the industry, and our executive committee reviews talent strategy and succession plans on a quarterly basis to assess current and future talent needs. We want to build a strong employee-centered culture that creates connectivity, camaraderie and trust among all employees, which then supports our employees in delivering positive experiences to guests at our hotels. Hilton's commitment to building strong culture focuses on creating a workplace that offers strong growth opportunities and is driven by purpose. This dedication has earned Hilton global recognition as the 2025 #1 World's Best Workplace by Fortune and Great Place to Work, marking the ninth consecutive year as the top hospitality company in the world. Hilton was recognized as a Great Place to Work in 67 countries in 2025, achieving #1 rankings in 18 markets, including the U.S. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we continued to see sustained indicators of workforce stability, with retention improving versus last year and hiring volume aligned with normalized business operations. We continue to review our benefits and programmatic offerings to ensure we remain competitive, are investing in our employees' development and well-being and are enhancing our recruiting strategies to tap into new pools of talent. Compensation and Benefits Hilton offers competitive pay and benefits to its employees, including a variety of compensation programs and comprehensive benefit programs. We regularly review pay parity across various workforce segments as part of our ongoing talent processes. Through our employee stock purchase plan, eligible employees can purchase Hilton stock through after-tax payroll deductions at a 15 percent discount from the market stock price. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 25 percent of people employed or managed by us globally and approximately 45 percent of people working in the U.S. were covered by various collective bargaining agreements that generally address pay rates, working hours, other terms and conditions of employment, certain employee benefits and orderly settlement of labor disputes. Our benefits and programs include paid time off, parental leave, adoption assistance, subsidized health insurance, education assistance, flexible work arrangements and Go Hilton travel programs, which make discounted rooms available to hotel and corporate employees, as well as their families and friends. Our medical and mental health care programs include a global platform focused on caregiving that provides resources for employee self-care, as well as enabling employees to care for others, including sick, disabled or elderly family members, children and pets; a concierge service supporting eligible employees with logistical and administrative tasks related to caregiving; education, training and resources on substance use disorders to eligible employees; an Employee Assistance Program; and parental and bereavement leave and education resources for expecting and new parents. We periodically survey our employees to monitor levels of engagement, trust, and management effectiveness, among other targeted topics, and use their feedback to inspire program enhancements and new offerings. We strive to maximize employee retention and minimize attrition with these and other measures. Approximately 32 percent of our U.S. employees have been with Hilton for at least 10 years. Career Opportunities, Development and Training We take a broad, long-term and business-aligned approach to develop a dedicated and collaborative workforce to better serve our guests. Our Pathway Programs help foster economic mobility in the communities in which we operate and create a more robust talent pipeline for our business drawing from untapped talent pipelines including veterans, which consists of individuals who have served in the military and the caregivers and spouses of those who have served in the military, as well as people with disabilities, youth and displaced persons. The advancement of our employees is important to us and we provide them with robust learning and development opportunities, including mentorship opportunities. We are focused on providing opportunities for the internal movement of our employees and the promotion from entry level positions into management positions at our hotels or corporate offices across the organization. Our career development approach emphasizes customized experiences so that employees can follow a training and career path best suited to their goals including a wide array of general business, industry or function-specific technical skills and leadership development courses and programs. 10 Our leadership development programs aim to build leadership skills through structured levels of self-paced learning and live facilitated sessions with focus areas of leading self, leading individuals and leading teams. Additionally, our People Leader Essential training offers a self-paced curriculum to employees, with content on key leadership topics, including effective communication, delegation, prioritization, coaching and talent development to support current, new and future people leaders at Hilton. One of our targeted programs for developing General Managers ( GMs ), GM Academy, is centered on nine core GM business capabilities, some of which include leadership and people management, asset management, customer engagement and commercial performance. Additionally, Hilton's global Signature Leadership Development programs and mentorship programs focus on building effective leaders across the enterprise to grow our leadership bench strength. These programs provide opportunities for participants to develop key competencies, network with and learn from senior leaders and enhance business acumen. Our Hotels: Creating Sustainable Stays We remain focused on our goal of reducing emissions, water and waste intensity at the hotels we operate. These efforts are supported by utility cost savings measures including building automation system technologies, HVAC controls and turnkey LED lighting, fueled by utility incentives wherever possible, to strengthen the return on investment and deliver cost savings to owners while enhancing the guest experience. We also create resources that will help facilitate the efficient operation of our hotels and take steps to increase our sourcing of renewable electricity at our hotels around the world. Additionally, we continue to implement programs to further reduce waste and to advance sustainable procurement at our hotels. We partner with our corporate customers to support their sustainability, community impact and responsible sourcing goals. Through our Meet with Purpose offering, we enable our customers, upon request, to quantify the estimated emissions of their events and provide options and guidance to plan more sustainable meetings. Our Communities: Strengthening Where We Live, Work and Stay With a presence in 143 countries and territories, we use our global scale to be an engine of opportunity by positively impacting our communities through local support and volunteering, creating learning and career growth opportunities, disaster relief and other economic support initiatives. During 2025, Hilton and the Hilton Global Foundation supported our hotel teams and surrounding communities through disasters and crises, including the wildfires in Los Angeles, floods in Texas and Hurricane Melissa in Jamaica. This included donating 20 thousand room nights in partnership with American Express to support those impacted by the Los Angeles wildfires. Additionally, the Hilton Global Foundation made a series of donations to organizations providing immediate response support, including the Los Angeles Fire Department Foundation, Community Foundation of the Texas Hill Country and Jamaica's Promise. During 2025, our employees continued to actively volunteer in their local communities, demonstrating their commitment to creating a positive impact, and reported approximately 1.5 million volunteer hours. Responsible Business: Operating with Accountability, Integrity and Transparency Hilton remains committed to combating human trafficking, and we require all hotel-based employees to complete an annual training on identifying signs of trafficking. We partner with Protect All Children from Trafficking (PACT), an organization dedicated to reducing trafficking and exploitation, to help prevent trafficking, and similarly collaborate on human rights initiatives through the World Sustainable Hospitality Alliance, World Travel and Tourism Council, American Hotel Lodging Association ("AHLA") and United Kingdom ("U.K.") Stop Slavery Hotel Industry Network. The Hilton Global Foundation supports the AHLA Foundation's No Room for Trafficking Survivor Fund, which aims to equip community-based organizations to engage and support trafficking survivors. At Hilton, we prioritize responsible sourcing by requiring suppliers to comply with the standards under our Source with Purpose program, which include integrity and fair dealing, human rights, protecting personal and business information, commitment to the environment and providing a safe and healthy work environment. 11 Governance, Ethics and Regulatory Compliance As a core underpinning of our entire organization, our board of directors oversees our ethics and compliance program, which requires all Hilton employees to conduct themselves at the highest standards with respect to all ethics and compliance matters. Our Code of Conduct establishes a set of global business principles, with our compliance organization, training, risk management and monitoring activities tailored to address unique risks by geography, business line, function and level. The Code of Conduct is supported by robust compliance policies addressing risk areas such as corruption, trade sanctions, insider trading, privacy, confidential information, antitrust and escalation of concerns. An annual legal and compliance training program, which is required for all of our employees, conveys consistent compliance standards across the organization in formats designed to target different knowledge levels, learning styles and functional needs. Our annual training calendar includes mandatory training and supplemental training that is supported by periodic company-wide awareness campaigns highlighting Hilton-specific risks and scenarios. To help ensure the safety and security of our employees and guests at our properties and corporate offices, we constantly monitor threats and incidents around the world through online tools and external networks and partnerships; support our properties and offices globally with crisis alert communications, crisis plans and area crisis teams; provide employees with safety and security training resources; and conduct safety and security audits annually using a risk-based approach. Our legal compliance team administers a third-party risk management program so that we understand the qualifications, reputation and associations of third parties with whom we transact, particularly third parties who interface with government officials and third parties who act in Hilton s name, such as owners of our hotels. The third-party risk management program includes due diligence, education materials for third parties, ongoing monitoring of relationships and appropriate contract audit and termination rights. Our legal compliance team also monitors a comprehensive and confidential reporting tool to assist management and employees in addressing fraud, abuse and other misconduct in the workplace. The Audit Committee of our board of directors receives regular updates from our legal compliance team on third-party risk and information from our confidential reporting tool. Competition We encounter active and robust competition as a hotel and resort manager, franchisor and lessee. Competition in the hospitality industry is based on several criteria, generally including: the attractiveness of the facility; location; level of service; quality of accommodations; amenities; food and beverage options and outlets; public and meeting spaces and other guest services; consistency of service; room rate; brand reputation; and the ability to earn and redeem loyalty program points through a global system. Our properties and brands compete with other hotels, resorts, motels, inns and other accommodation rental services in their respective geographic markets or customer segments, including facilities owned by local interests, individuals, national and international chains, institutions, investment and pension funds and real estate investment trusts ("REITs"). We believe that our capabilities as a multi-branded manager, franchisor and lessee of hotels with an associated global, system-wide guest loyalty program and commercial platform help us continue to maintain our position as one of the largest and most geographically diverse hospitality companies in the world. Our principal competitors include other branded and independent hotel operating companies, national and international hotel brands and ownership companies. While local and independent brand competitors vary, on a global scale, our primary competitors are Accor S.A., Choice Hotels International, Hyatt Hotels Corporation, Intercontinental Hotel Group, Marriott International and Wyndham Hotels Resorts. Seasonality The hospitality industry is seasonal in nature. The periods during which our properties experience higher or lower levels of demand vary from property to property, depending principally upon their location, type of property and competitive mix within the specific location. Based on historical results, we generally expect our revenues to be lower in the first quarter of each year than in each of the three subsequent quarters. Cyclicality The hospitality industry is cyclical, and demand generally follows, on a lagged basis, key macroeconomic indicators. There is a history of increases and decreases in the development and supply of and demand for hotel rooms, occupancy levels and room rates realized by hotel owners through economic cycles. The combination of changes in economic conditions and in the supply of hotel rooms can result in significant volatility in results for owners, lessees and managers of hotel properties. The 12 costs of running a hotel, including personnel costs, rent, property taxes, insurance and utilities, tend to be more fixed than variable. As a result of such fixed costs, in a negative economic environment, the rate of decline in earnings can be higher than the rate of decline in revenues. Intellectual Property In the highly competitive hospitality industry in which we operate, trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos and patents are very important to the success of our business. We have a significant number of trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, patents and pending registrations and expend significant resources each year on surveillance, registration and protection of our IP, which we believe has become synonymous in the hospitality industry with a reputation for excellence in service and authentic hospitality. Government Regulation Our business is subject to various foreign and U.S. federal and state laws and regulations, including laws and regulations that govern the offer and sale of franchises, many of which impose substantive requirements on franchise contracts and require that certain materials be registered before franchises can be offered or sold in a particular jurisdiction. In addition, a number of states regulate the activities of hospitality properties and restaurants, including safety and health standards, as well as the sale of liquor at such properties, by requiring licensing, registration, disclosure statements and compliance with specific standards of conduct. Operators of hospitality properties also are subject to laws governing their relationship with employees, including minimum wage requirements, overtime, working conditions and work permit requirements. Our franchisees are responsible for their own compliance with laws, including with respect to their employees, minimum wage requirements, overtime, working conditions and work permit requirements. Compliance with, or changes in, these laws could reduce the revenue and profitability of our properties and could otherwise adversely affect our operations. We also manage hotels with casino gaming operations as part of or adjacent to the hotels, which are typically managed and operated by third parties. If we manage and operate the casinos, we employ third-party compliance consultants and service providers and hold and maintain the casino gaming license. As a result, our business operations at such facilities are subject to the licensing and regulatory control of the local regulatory agency responsible for gaming licenses and operations in those jurisdictions. For additional information on government regulation, including environmental regulations and requirements, refer to "Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors." Insurance U.S. managed hotels and foreign managed and franchised hotels are permitted to participate in certain of our insurance programs by mutual agreement with the hotel owners; however, if they do not participate in our insurance programs, the hotel owners must purchase insurance programs consistent with our requirements. Generally, U.S. franchised hotels are not permitted to participate in our insurance programs, but rather the hotel owners must purchase insurance programs consistent with our requirements. In addition, our management and franchise contracts typically include provisions requiring the hotel owner to indemnify us against losses arising from the design, development and operation of such hotel. Most of our insurance policies are written with self-insured retentions or deductibles that are common in the insurance market for similar risks, and we believe such risks are prudent for us to assume. Our third-party insurance policies provide coverage for claim amounts that exceed our self-insurance retentions or deductible obligations. We maintain insurance coverage for general liability, property, business interruption, terrorism and other risks with respect to our business for all of our consolidated hotels, and we maintain workers' compensation or equivalent coverage for all of our employees. We are self-insured for health coverages for some of our U.S. and Puerto Rico employees, which include those working at our corporate operations and managed hotels, with third-party insurance protection for costs over specified thresholds. Where You Can Find More Information We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over the internet at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Our SEC filings are also available free of charge on our website at ir.hilton.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our website and the information contained on or connected to that site are not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 13 Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our company and our business. Risks Related to Our Industry We are subject to the business, financial and operating risks inherent to the hospitality industry, any of which could reduce our revenues and limit opportunities for growth. Our business is subject to a number of business, financial and operating risks inherent to the hospitality industry, including: significant competition from multiple hospitality providers in all parts of the world; changes in the supply and demand for hotel services, including rooms, food and beverage and other products and services; the financial condition of and relationships with third-party property owners, developers and joint venture and strategic partners, including the risk that owners or strategic partners may terminate or fail to comply with our management, franchise, joint venture or strategic partner contracts; decreases in the frequency of business travel that may result from alternatives to in-person meetings, including virtual meetings hosted online or over private teleconferencing networks; decreases in the availability and/or increases in the cost of capital necessary for us and third-party hotel owners to fund investments, capital expenditures and service debt obligations; increases in operating costs, including employee compensation and benefits, energy, insurance, food and beverage and other supplies; significant increases in cost for health care coverage for employees and potential government regulation with respect to health care coverage; increases in costs due to inflation or other factors that may not be fully offset by increases in revenues in our business, as well as increases in overall consumer prices, including the prices of our offerings, due to inflation, which could weaken consumer demand for travel and the other products we offer and adversely affect our revenues; changes in taxes, tariffs and governmental regulations that affect the cost of supplies to hotels or influence or set wages, prices, interest rates or construction and maintenance procedures and costs; the costs and administrative burdens associated with complying with applicable laws and regulations; the costs or desirability of complying with local practices and customs; shortages of labor or labor disruptions; the ability of third-party internet and other travel intermediaries who sell our hotel rooms to guests to attract and retain customers, including with the aid of AI, which may adversely affect our ability to sell rooms directly; the quality of services provided by franchisees, as well as their ability to comply with relevant regulations and contractual requirements relating to a variety of issues including the environment, human rights and labor; delays in or cancellations of planned or future development or refurbishment projects at hotels in our system; cyclical over-building in the hospitality industry; changes in desirability of geographic regions of the hotels in our business, geographic concentration of our operations and customers and shortages of desirable locations for development; and the costs required for environmental initiatives, including those resulting from regulatory changes or stakeholder or customer expectations. Any of these factors could (i) increase our costs or (ii) limit or reduce the prices we are able to charge (a) third-party hotel owners for providing management and franchise services or (b) hotel customers for hospitality products and services, or (iii) otherwise affect our ability to maintain existing properties or develop new properties. As a result, any of these factors can reduce our revenues and limit opportunities for growth. 14 Macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical activity, public health concerns and other factors beyond our control can adversely affect and reduce demand for our products and services. Macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical activity, public health concerns and other factors beyond our control can reduce demand for hospitality products and services, including demand for rooms at our hotels. These factors include, but are not limited to: changes in general economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, supply chain disruptions, low consumer confidence, tariffs, increases in unemployment levels and depressed real estate prices resulting from the severity and duration of any downturn in the U.S. or global economy and financial markets; conditions that negatively shape public perception of travel or result in temporary closures or other disruption at our hotel properties, including travel-related accidents, outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases, such as COVID-19; geopolitical activity, political and social unrest and governmental action and uncertainty resulting from U.S. and global political and social trends and policies, including potential barriers to travel, trade and immigration; wars, geopolitical conflict, political instability or civil unrest, terrorist activities or threats and resulting heightened travel security measures, any of which may foreclose travel to certain locales or decrease the appeal of travel among the general population; the impact of U.S. Federal government shutdowns and other similar governmental budgetary impasses or reductions; decreased corporate or government travel-related budgets and spending, as well as cancellations, deferrals or renegotiations of group business, such as industry conventions; statements, actions or interventions by governmental officials related to travel and corporate travel-related activities and the resulting negative public perception of such travel and activities; the financial and general business condition of the airline, automotive and other transportation-related industries and its effect on travel, including decreased airline capacity and routes and increased travel costs; perceived negative impacts of tourism on local cultures, human rights and the environment; cyber-attacks; the impact of climate change or availability of natural resources; natural, climate-related or man-made disasters and extreme weather conditions, including earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, hurricanes, typhoons, floods, wildfires, volcanic eruptions, oil spills and nuclear incidents; labor shortages, which could restrict our ability to efficiently operate or grow our business and/or increase our costs; organized labor activities, which could cause a diversion of business from hotels involved in labor negotiations and loss of business for our hotels generally as a result of certain labor tactics; and other changes in the overall demand for what we offer, including the desirability of particular locations or travel patterns of customers. Any one or more of these factors could limit or reduce overall demand for our products and services or could negatively affect our revenue sources, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Contraction in the global economy or low levels of economic growth could adversely affect our revenues and profitability, as well as limit or slow our future growth. Consumer demand for our services is closely linked to the performance of the general economy and is sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels. Decreased global or regional demand for hospitality products and services can be especially pronounced during periods of economic contraction or low levels of economic growth, and the recovery period in our industry may lag overall economic improvement. Declines in demand for our products and services due to general economic conditions could negatively affect our business by limiting the amount of fee revenues we are able to generate from our managed and franchised properties and decreasing the revenues and profitability of hotels within our ownership segment. In addition, many of the expenses associated with our services, including labor and personnel costs, interest, rent, property taxes, insurance and utilities, are relatively fixed. During a period of overall economic weakness, if we are unable to meaningfully decrease these costs as demand for our services decreases, our business operations, financial performance, results and prospects for future growth may be adversely affected. 15 Risks Related to Operating Our Business Because we operate in a highly competitive industry, our revenues or profits could be harmed if we are unable to compete effectively. The segments of the hospitality industry in which we operate are subject to intense competition. Our principal competitors are other operators of luxury, full-service and focused-service hotels, including other major hospitality chains with well-established and recognized brands. We also compete against smaller hotel chains, independent and local hotel owners and operators, home and apartment sharing services and timeshare operators. If we are unable to compete successfully, our revenues or profits may decline. Competition for hotel guests We face competition for individual guests, group reservations and conference business at our hotels. We compete for these customers based primarily on brand name recognition and reputation, as well as location, rates for hotel rooms, food and beverage and other services, property size and availability of guest rooms and conference and meeting space, quality of the accommodations and technology provided, previous customer experience and satisfaction, amenities and the ability to earn and redeem loyalty program points. Our competitors may have greater commercial, financial and marketing resources and more efficient technology platforms, which could allow them to improve their properties and expand and improve their marketing efforts in ways that could affect our ability to compete for guests effectively, or they could offer a type of lodging product that customers find attractive but that we do not offer. Competition for management and franchise contracts We compete to enter into management and franchise contracts. Our ability to compete effectively is based primarily on the value and quality of our management services, brand name recognition and reputation, our access to and willingness to invest capital or provide other incentives or inducements, availability of suitable properties to maintain brand variety across geographic areas, the overall economic terms of our contracts and the economic advantages to the third-party hotel owner of retaining our management services and/or using our brands. If the properties that we manage or franchise perform less successfully than those of our competitors, if we are unable to offer terms as favorable as those offered by our competitors or if the availability of suitable properties is limited, we may not be able to compete effectively for new management or franchise contracts. Any deterioration in the quality or reputation of our brands could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. Our brands are among our most important assets. Our ability to attract and retain guests depends, in part, on the public recognition of our brands and their associated reputation. In addition, the success of our hotel owners businesses and the amount of payments to us for the assets and services we provide them may depend on the strength and reputation of our brands. If our brands become obsolete or consumers view them as unfashionable, unsustainable or lacking in consistency and quality, we may be unable to attract guests to our hotels and may further be unable to attract or retain our hotel owners to use our management and franchise services. Changes in ownership or management practices, perceptions of our corporate responsibility practices, perception of guest or employee health or safety, the occurrence of accidents or injuries, cyber-attacks, security breaches, natural disasters, crime, failure of suppliers, franchisees or business partners to comply with relevant regulations and contractual requirements relating to a variety of issues including environmental, human rights and labor, individual guest, owner or employee notoriety or similar events at our hotels and resorts can harm our reputation, create adverse publicity and cause a loss of consumer confidence in our business. Because of the global nature of our brands and the broad expanse of our business and hotel locations, events occurring in one location could negatively affect the reputation and operations of otherwise successful individual locations. In addition, the expansion of social media has compounded the potential scope of negative publicity by increasing the speed and expanse of information dissemination. Many social media platforms publish content immediately and without filtering or verifying the accuracy of that content; AI technologies may exacerbate the spread of negative or inaccurate content. A negative incident or the perception of occurrence of a negative incident at one hotel could have far-reaching effects, including lost sales, customer boycotts, loss of development opportunities and employee difficulties. Such incidents have in the past and could in the future subject us to legal actions, including litigation, governmental investigations or penalties, along with the resulting additional adverse publicity. A perceived decline in the quality of our brands or damage to our reputation could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 16 Our business is subject to risks related to doing business with third-party property owners that could adversely affect our reputation, operational results or prospects for growth. Unless we maintain good relationships with third-party hotel owners and renew or enter into new management and franchise contracts, we may be unable to maintain or expand our presence and our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. Our business depends on our ability to: (i) establish and maintain long-term, positive relationships with third-party hotel owners; and (ii) enter into new, and renew, management and franchise contracts. Although our management and franchise contracts are typically long-term arrangements, hotel owners may be able to terminate the contracts under certain circumstances, including the failure to meet specified financial or performance criteria. The ability to meet these financial and performance criteria is subject to, among other things, risks common to the overall hospitality industry, including factors outside of our control. In addition, negative pricing trends in the industry for management and franchise and related fees more broadly could adversely affect our ability to negotiate with hotel owners. If we fail to maintain and renew existing management and franchise contracts or enter into new contracts on favorable terms, we may be unable to expand our presence and our business, and our financial condition and results of operations may suffer. Our business is subject to real estate investment risks for third-party hotel owners that could adversely affect our operational results and our prospects for growth. Growth of our business is affected, and may potentially be limited, by factors influencing real estate development generally, including site availability, financing availability and cost, planning, zoning and other local approvals. In addition, market factors such as projected room occupancy, changes in growth in demand for customers compared to projected supply, geographic area restrictions in management and franchise contracts, costs and availability of construction labor and materials and anticipated room rate structure, if not managed effectively by our third-party hotel owners could adversely affect the growth of our management and franchise business. If our third-party hotel owners are unable to repay or refinance loans secured by properties, or to obtain financing adequate to fund current operations or growth plans, our revenues, profits and capital resources could be reduced and our business could be harmed. Many of our third-party hotel owners pledge their properties as collateral for loans entered into at the time of development, purchase or refinancing. If our third-party hotel owners are unable to repay or refinance maturing indebtedness on favorable terms or at all, which could be more difficult in the current interest rate environment, their lenders could declare a default, accelerate the related debt and repossess the property. We have been required and may, in the future, be required to make cash payments for any debt that we have guaranteed or letters of credit that we have extended. While we maintain certain contractual protections, repossession could result in the termination of our management or franchise contract or eliminate revenues and cash flows from the property. In addition, the owners of managed and franchised hotels depend on financing to develop or buy and improve hotels and, in some cases, fund operations during down cycles. Our hotel owners inability to obtain adequate funding or to do so at interest rates that they are willing to accept could materially adversely affect the operation, maintenance and improvement plans of existing hotels, result in the delay or stoppage of the development of our existing development pipeline and limit additional development to further expand our hotel portfolio. Hotel owners with financial difficulties have been and may continue to be unable or unwilling to pay us amounts that we are entitled to under our existing contracts on a timely basis or at all. Likewise, if we or our hotel owners or franchisees are unable to access capital to make physical improvements to our hotels, the quality of our hotels may suffer, which may negatively impact our reputation and guest loyalty, and our performance may suffer as a result. If our third-party property owners fail to make investments necessary to maintain or improve their properties, guest preference for Hilton brands, Hilton's reputation and performance results could suffer. Substantially all of our management and franchise contracts, as well as our license agreement with HGV, require third-party property owners to comply with the quality and reputation standards of our brands, which include requirements related to the physical condition, use of technology, safety standards and appearance of the properties, as well as the service levels provided by hotel employees. These standards may evolve with customer preference, or we may introduce new requirements over time. If our property owners fail to make investments necessary to maintain or improve the properties and related operations in accordance with our standards, or based on customer demand more broadly, guest preference for our brands could diminish. In addition, if third-party property owners fail to observe standards or meet their contractual requirements, we may 17 elect to exercise our termination rights, which would eliminate revenues from these properties and cause us to incur expenses related to terminating these contracts. We may be unable to find suitable or offsetting replacements for any individually terminated hotels or broader third-party owner relationships. Conversely, if third-party property owners feel our brand standards are too restrictive or costly, we may fail to maintain and renew existing management and franchise contracts or enter into new contracts on favorable terms, and thus, we may be unable to expand our presence and our business, and our financial condition and results of operations may suffer. Contractual and other disagreements with third-party property owners could make us liable to them or result in litigation costs or other expenses or termination of existing management or franchise contracts. Our management and franchise contracts require us and our hotel owners to comply with operational and performance conditions that are subject to interpretation and could result in disagreements. Any dispute with a property owner could increase our costs even if the outcome is ultimately in our favor. We cannot predict the outcome of any arbitration or litigation, the effect of any negative judgment against us or the amount of any settlement that we may enter into with any third party. Furthermore, specific to our industry, some courts have applied principles of agency law and related fiduciary standards to managers of third-party hotel properties, which means that property owners may assert the right to terminate contracts with us even where the contracts do not expressly provide for termination. Our fees from any property permitted to be terminated would be eliminated, and accordingly, may negatively affect our results of operations. Some of our existing development pipeline may not be developed into new hotels, which could materially adversely affect our growth prospects. As of December 31, 2025, we had 3,703 hotels in our development pipeline under one of our brands or a strategic partner hotel brand, of which almost half of the rooms are under construction, which includes operating hotels that are in the process of conversion into our system. The commitments of owners and developers with whom we have contracts are subject to conditions, and the eventual development and construction of our development pipeline, in particular for hotels not currently under construction, is subject to risks, including, in certain cases, the owner's or developer's ability to obtain adequate financing and governmental or regulatory approvals. Unfavorable economic conditions also could affect our ability to enter into management and franchise contracts with potential third-party owners of our hotels, who may be unable to obtain financing or face other delays or cost pressures in developing hotel projects. As a result, at times new hotels have entered our pipeline at a slower rate than anticipated, some properties in our development pipeline have entered our system later than we anticipated and some hotels under development never enter our system at all, thereby negatively affecting our overall growth. New hotel brands or non-hotel branded concepts that we launch in the future may not be as successful as we anticipate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We have launched and acquired and may continue to launch and acquire new hotel products, brands and/or concepts or execute brand expansions into new markets, including international markets. These products may not be accepted by hotel owners, franchisees or customers and we cannot guarantee the level of acceptance any new or acquired brand will have in the development and consumer marketplaces. If new or acquired branded hotel products, non-hotel branded concepts or brand expansions are not as successful as we anticipate, we may not recover the costs we incurred in their development, acquisition or expansion, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The risks resulting from investments in leased real estate could increase our costs, reduce our profits and limit our ability to respond to market conditions. Our investments in leased real estate property (including through joint ventures) subject us to various risks that may not be applicable to managed or franchised properties, including: governmental regulations relating to real estate ownership or operations, including tax, environmental, zoning and eminent domain laws; fluctuations or loss in value of real estate or potential impairments in the value of our assets due to changes in market conditions and expectations of future hotel revenues and costs of operations in the area in which real estate or assets are located; increased potential civil liability for accidents or other occurrences on leased properties; the ongoing need for capital improvements and expenditures funded by us to maintain or upgrade properties, some of which were constructed many years ago, and contractual requirements to deliver properties back to lessors in a particular state of repair and condition at the end of a lease term; 18 construction delays, lack of availability of required construction materials or cost overruns (including labor and materials) related to necessary capital improvements of leased properties; periodic total or partial closures due to renovations and facility improvements; risks associated with any mortgage debt, including the possibility of default, interest rate levels, particularly in a volatile interest rate environment, and uncertainties in the availability of replacement financing; the inability to rebuild a property that has been damaged or destroyed by casualty, including a climate-related weather event, as a result of governmental regulations or other restrictions; the inability to renew our leases on favorable terms or at all; our limited ability to influence the decisions and operations of joint ventures in which we have a minority interest; force majeure events, including earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, wildfires, floods, tsunamis, climate-related weather events, outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases or acts of terrorism, civil unrest and other conflicts; contingent liabilities that exist after we have exited a property; costs linked to the employment and management of staff to run and operate a leased property; increased operating costs including energy, insurance, food and beverage, supplies and other operating costs; and the relative illiquidity of real estate compared to some other assets. The negative effect on profitability and cash flow from declines in revenues is more pronounced in leased properties because we, as the lessee, bear the risk of the costs required to lease and operate a hotel. Further, during times of economic distress, declining demand and declining earnings often result in declining asset values, and we or our joint ventures may not be able to sell properties or exit leasing arrangements on favorable terms or at all. Accordingly, we may not be able to adjust our leased property portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. Failure to keep pace with developments in technology, including AI, could adversely affect our operations or competitive position. The hospitality industry demands the use of sophisticated technology and systems for property management, brand assurance and compliance, procurement, finance, human resources, reservation systems, distribution of hotel resources to current and future customers and guest amenities and the operation of the Hilton Honors guest loyalty program. These technologies may require maintenance or refinements and upgrades, and third parties may cease support of systems that are currently in use. The development and maintenance of these technologies has required and may further require significant investment by us. As various systems and technologies become outdated or new technology is required, we may not be able to replace or introduce them as quickly as needed or in a cost-effective and timely manner. If we fail to keep pace with rapidly evolving technological developments in AI, our competitive position and business results may suffer. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI into their operations more quickly or successfully than us, or develop superior offerings with the aid of AI, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. In some cases, hotel owners may refuse to upgrade systems or deploy new technology to replace aging or end-of-life software and/or hardware. As a result, our business operations could be disrupted and our competitive position could decline, adversely affecting our financial performance, or we may not achieve the benefits we may have been anticipating from any new technology or system. Failures in, material damage to or interruptions in our information technology systems, software or websites, including as a result of cyber-attacks on our systems or systems operated by third parties that provide operational and technical services to us, costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of personal data and other sensitive information and difficulties in updating our existing software or developing or implementing new software could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We depend heavily upon our information technology systems in the conduct of our business. We develop, own and license or otherwise contract for sophisticated technology systems and services for property management, brand assurance and compliance, procurement, finance, human resources, reservation systems, distribution of hotel resources to current and future customers and guest amenities and the operation of the Hilton Honors guest loyalty program. Such systems are subject to, among other things, damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, third-party criminal activity including "ransomware" or other malware and natural and man-made disasters. We have a cold disaster recovery site in a separate location and cloud backup processes to provide continuous resilience of our core reservation, property management, distribution and financial systems, but certain of our data center operations are currently located in a single facility or with a single cloud-based provider. Although we continue to renovate and migrate portions of our operations to cloud-based providers while simultaneously building and operating new applications and services with those cloud-based providers, any loss or damage to our primary physical or cloud-based facilities could result in operational disruption and data loss as we transfer production operations to our disaster recovery site or cloud providers. Damage or interruption to our 19 information systems may require a significant investment to update, remediate or replace with alternate systems, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations as a result. In addition, costs and potential problems or interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology or with maintenance or support of existing systems could also disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. Any material interruptions or failures in our systems, including those that may result from our failure to adequately develop, implement and maintain a robust disaster recovery plan and backup systems could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and, as a result, have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial performance. We rely on third parties for the performance of a significant portion of our information technology functions worldwide. In particular, our loyalty platform, property management, reservation and distribution systems rely on data communications networks and systems operated by unaffiliated third parties and cloud providers. The success of our business depends in part on maintaining our relationships with these third parties and their continuing ability to perform these functions and services in a timely and satisfactory manner. If we experience a loss or disruption in the provision of any of these functions or services, or they are not performed in a satisfactory manner, we may have difficulty in finding alternate providers on terms favorable to us, in a timely manner or at all, and our business could be adversely affected. We rely on certain vendors for traditional software and cloud/software-as-a-service operations to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems and applications so that they can continue to support our business. The software programs supporting many of our systems were licensed to us by independent software developers. The inability of these developers or us to continue to maintain and upgrade these information systems and software programs has impacted, and in the future could, disrupt or reduce, the efficiency of our operations if we were unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner. For example, in July 2024 a software update by CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc., a cybersecurity technology company, caused a global information technology outage. Although the outage did not have a material impact to our business, we were temporarily impacted by the outage, and similar software outages in the future could harm our operations and be material to us. We are vulnerable to various risks and uncertainties associated with our websites and mobile applications, including changes in required technology interfaces, website and mobile application downtime and other technical failures, unexpected costs and changes and issues as we upgrade our website software and mobile applications. Additional risks include computer malware, changes in applicable federal, state and international regulations, security breaches, legal claims related to our website operations, e-commerce fulfillment and other consumer privacy concerns. Our failure to successfully respond to these risks and uncertainties could reduce website and mobile application sales and have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. Cyber-attacks could have a disruptive effect on our business. From time to time we and our third-party service providers experience cyber-attacks, attempted and actual breaches of our or their information technology systems and networks or similar events, which could result in a loss of sensitive business or customer information, systems interruption or the disruption of our operations. The techniques that are used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, and despite our deployment of cyber-attack prevention and detection techniques, we are accordingly unable to anticipate and prevent all data security incidents. We have in the past been subject to cyber-attacks and expect that we will be subject to additional cyber-attacks in the future and may experience data breaches, especially as the pace, scale and sophistication of cyber-attacks continue to increase across all industry sectors, including hospitality. Even if we are fully compliant with legal standards and contractual or other requirements, we still may not be able to prevent security breaches involving sensitive data. The sophistication of efforts by hackers to gain unauthorized access to information systems has continued to increase in recent years and may continue to do so at an accelerating pace as criminals increasingly leverage generative and agentic AI-based technologies and services. Breaches, thefts, losses or fraudulent uses of customer, employee or company data could cause consumers to lose confidence in the security of our websites, mobile applications, point of sale systems and other information technology systems and, as a result of this loss in confidence, choose not to purchase from us. Such security breaches also could expose us to risks of data loss, business disruption, litigation, fines, regulatory charges and other costs or liabilities, any of which could adversely affect our business. We are incorporating artificial intelligence technologies into our processes. These technologies may present business, compliance and reputational risks. The introduction of AI technologies, particularly generative and agentic AI, into new or existing offerings may also result in new or expanded risks and liabilities, including due to enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, copyright 20 infringement, compliance issues, ethical concerns, security risks relating to private and/or confidential information, as well as other factors that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. In addition, it is possible that AI and machine learning-technology could, unbeknownst to us, be improperly utilized by employees while carrying out their responsibilities. The use of AI can lead to unintended consequences, including generating content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, or that results in unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes, which could harm our reputation and business and expose us to risks related to inaccuracies or errors in the output of such technologies. We are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of personal data and other sensitive information. We are subject to various risks and costs associated with the collection, handling, storage and transmission of personally identifiable information and commercial information, including costs related to compliance with U.S. and foreign data collection and privacy laws and other contractual obligations, as well as risks associated with the compromise of our systems collecting such information. Many jurisdictions, including the European Union ("E.U."), the U.K., China and certain states within the U.S., have passed laws that require companies to meet specific requirements regarding the handling of personally identifiable information. We collect internal and customer data, including credit card numbers and other personally identifiable information for a variety of important business purposes, including managing our workforce, providing requested products and services and maintaining guest preferences to enhance customer service and for marketing and promotion purposes. In some cases, we share personal customer and payment data with select third party partners to enable fulfillment of customer reservations and other requested or related services and we are dependent on those third-party partners to protect the integrity and safety of that data from unauthorized exposure. We could be exposed to fines, penalties, restrictions, litigation, reputational harm or other expenses, or other adverse effects on our business, due to failure to protect personally identifiable information and commercially sensitive information or failure to maintain compliance with the various U.S. and foreign data collection and privacy laws or with credit card industry standards or other applicable data security standards. In addition, U.S. states and the federal government have enacted additional laws and regulations to protect consumers against identity theft. These laws and similar laws in other jurisdictions have increased the costs of doing business, and failure on our part to implement appropriate safeguards or to detect and provide prompt notice of unauthorized access as required by some of these laws could subject us to potential claims for damages and other remedies. If we were required to pay any significant amounts in satisfaction of claims under these laws, or if we were forced to cease our business operations for any length of time as a result of our inability to comply fully with any such law, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. Because third parties provide us with a number of operational and technical services, third-party security incidents could expose us to liability, harm our reputation, damage our competitiveness and adversely affect our financial performance. Third parties provide us with certain operational and technical services. These third parties may have access to or integrate with our systems, provide hosting services, or otherwise process data about us or our guests, employees or partners. Any third-party security incident could compromise the integrity or availability of or result in the theft of confidential or otherwise sensitive data, which could negatively impact our operations. Unauthorized access to data and other confidential or proprietary information may be obtained through break-ins, network breaches by unauthorized parties, employee theft or misuse or other misconduct. We rely on the internal processes and controls of third-party software and application vendors to maintain the security of all software code, integrations, systems and data provided to or used by Hilton. Should those vendors fail to secure their products or connectivity to our services and systems then we would be at risk of unintentionally injecting malware into our systems via compromised software code they provide and/or losing important data. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could negatively affect our reputation, our competitive position and our financial performance, and we could face lawsuits and potential liability. Delays in service from third-party service providers could expose us to liability, harm our reputation, damage our competitiveness and adversely affect our financial performance. From time to time, we may rely on a single or limited number of suppliers for the provision of various goods or services that we use in the operation of our business. The inability of such third parties to satisfy our requirements or our guests' expectations or provide such goods and services in a safe and secure manner could disrupt our business operations or make it more difficult for us to implement our business strategy. If any of these situations were to occur, our reputation could be harmed, we could be subject to third-party liability, including under data protection and privacy laws in certain jurisdictions, the physical safety of our properties could be impaired and our financial performance could be negatively affected. 21 We have expanded and may continue to seek to expand through acquisitions of and investments in other businesses and properties, or through alliances and strategic partner arrangements, and we may also seek to divest some of our properties and other assets. These acquisition and disposition activities may be unsuccessful or divert management s attention. We may consider strategic and complementary acquisitions of and investments in other hotel or hospitality brands, businesses, properties or other assets. For example, in 2024 we acquired the Graduate hotel brand, invested in the NoMad hotel brand and partnered with Small Luxury Hotels of the World and AutoCamp. Acquisitions or investments in brands, businesses, properties or assets as well as third-party partnerships and alliances are subject to risks that could affect our business, including risks related to: using cash balances and incurring debt; issuing shares of stock that could dilute the interests of our existing stockholders; assuming contingent liabilities; or creating additional expenses. We may not actually realize any anticipated benefits from such acquisitions, investments or third-party partnerships and alliances. We may also experience challenges from regulatory authorities in connection with our acquisitions, investments or partnerships, including from antitrust authorities who are increasingly scrutinizing such transactions, and which may lead to unforeseen expenditures or which may block, delay or impose undesirable conditions on our acquisitions, investments or partnerships. In addition, the success of any acquisition, investment or partnership also will depend, in part, on our ability to integrate the acquisition or investment with our existing operations. We also may divest certain properties or assets, and any such divestments may yield lower than expected returns or otherwise fail to achieve the benefits we expect. In some circumstances, sales of properties or other assets may result in losses. Upon sales of properties or assets, we may become subject to contractual indemnity obligations, incur material tax liabilities or, as a result of required debt repayment, face a shortage of liquidity. Finally, any acquisitions, investments, partnerships, dispositions or arrangements with strategic partners could demand significant attention from management that would otherwise be available for business operations, which could harm our business. Failure to comply with marketing and advertising laws, including with regard to direct marketing, could result in fines or place restrictions on our business. We rely on a variety of direct marketing techniques, including telemarketing, email and social media marketing and postal mailings, and we are subject to various laws and regulations in the U.S. and internationally that govern marketing and advertising practices. Any further restrictions in laws and court or agency interpretations of such laws, such as the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991, the Telemarketing Sales Rule, the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, various U.S. state laws, such as the California Opt Me Out Act, the California Privacy Rights Act, international data protection laws, such as the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), and laws limiting the cross-border transfer of data that govern these activities or new laws that become effective in the future could adversely affect current or planned marketing activities and cause us to change our marketing strategy. If this occurs, we may not be able to develop adequate alternative marketing strategies, which could affect our ability to maintain relationships with our customers and acquire new customers. We also obtain access to names of potential customers from travel service providers or other companies, and we market to some individuals on these lists directly or through other companies marketing materials. If access to these lists were prohibited or otherwise restricted, our ability to develop new customers and introduce them to products could be impaired. The growth of internet reservation channels could adversely affect our business and profitability. A significant percentage of hotel rooms for individual guests are booked through internet travel intermediaries, to whom we commit to pay various commissions and transaction fees for sales of our rooms through their systems. Search engines and peer-to-peer inventory sources also provide online travel services that compete with our direct channels. If these bookings increase, these hospitality intermediaries may be able to obtain higher commissions or other significant concessions from us or our franchisees. These hospitality intermediaries also may reduce bookings at our hotel properties by de-ranking our hotels in search results on their platforms, and other online providers may divert business away from our hotels. Although our contracts with many hospitality intermediaries limit transaction fees for hotels, there can be no assurance that we will be able to renegotiate these contracts upon their expiration with terms as favorable as the provisions that existed before the expiration, replacement or renegotiation. Moreover, hospitality intermediaries generally employ aggressive marketing strategies, including expending significant resources for online and television advertising campaigns to drive consumers to their websites. As a result, consumers may develop brand loyalties to the intermediaries brands due to their websites, reservations systems and loyalty programs rather than to the Hilton brands. If this happens, our business and profitability may be significantly affected 22 over time as shifting customer loyalties divert bookings away from our websites, which increases costs to hotels in our system. Although internet travel intermediaries also have been subject to regulat