=== SYY_2025-08-22.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of Part I. All discussion of changes in our results of operations from fiscal 2024 to fiscal 2023 has been omitted from this Form 10-K, but may be found in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Form 10-K for the year ended June 29, 2024, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 28, 2024. Overview Sysco distributes food and related products to restaurants, healthcare and educational facilities, lodging establishments and other foodservice customers. Our primary operations are in North America and Europe. Under the accounting provisions related to disclosures about segments of an enterprise, we have combined certain operations into three reportable segments. Other financial information is attributable to our other operations that do not meet the quantitative disclosure thresholds. U.S. Foodservice Operations primarily includes (a) our U.S. Broadline operations, which distribute a full line of food products, including custom-cut meat, seafood, produce, specialty Italian, specialty imports and a wide variety of non-food products and (b) our U.S. Specialty operations, which include our FreshPoint fresh produce 26 distribution business, our Buckhead | Newport Meat Seafood specialty protein operations, our growing Italian Specialty platform anchored by Greco Sons, Inc., our Edward Don restaurant equipment and supplies distribution business, our Asian specialty distribution company and a number of other small specialty businesses that are not material to the operations of Sysco; International Foodservice Operations includes operations outside of the United States (U.S.), which distribute a full line of food products and a wide variety of non-food products. The Americas primarily consists of operations in Canada, Bahamas, Costa Rica and Panama, as well as our export operations that distribute to international customers. Our European operations primarily consist of operations in the United Kingdom (U.K.), France, Ireland and Sweden; SYGMA our U.S. customized distribution operations serving quick-service chain restaurant customer locations; and Other primarily our hotel supply operations, Guest Worldwide. We estimate that we serve about 17% of an approximately $370 billion annual foodservice market in the U.S. based on industry data obtained from Technomic, Inc. (Technomic) as of the end of calendar year 2024. Technomic projects the market size to increase to approximately $382 billion by the end of calendar year 2025. From time to time, Technomic may revise the methodology used to calculate the size of the foodservice market and, as a result, our percentage can change not only from our sales results, but also from such revisions. We also serve certain international geographies that vary in size and amount of market share. According to industry sources, the foodservice, or food-away-from-home, market represents approximately 56% of the total dollars spent on food purchases made at the consumer level in the U.S. as of the end of calendar year 2024. Highlights Our fiscal 2025 results were driven by sales growth of 3.2% as compared to fiscal 2024. This growth was driven by inflation and volume growth, partially from recent acquisitions. Gross profit increased 2.5% as compared to fiscal 2024, primarily attributable to effective management of product cost inflation. Operating income decreased 3.6% as compared to fiscal 2024, primarily due to a noncash goodwill impairment charge in our Guest Worldwide business. Adjusted operating income increased 1.2% as compared to fiscal 2024. See below for a comparison of our fiscal 2025 results to our fiscal 2024 results, both including and excluding Certain Items (as defined below). Below is a comparison of results from fiscal 2025 to fiscal 2024: Sales: increased 3.2%, or $2.5 billion, to $81.4 billion; Operating income: decreased 3.6%, or $114 million, to $3.1 billion; adjusted operating income increased 1.2%, or $42 million, to $3.5 billion; Net earnings: decreased 6.5%, or $127 million, to $1.8 billion; adjusted net earnings increased 0.8%, or $17 million, to $2.2 billion; Basic earnings per share: decreased 4.1%, or $0.16, to $3.74 from the comparable prior year amount of $3.90 per share; Diluted earnings per share: decreased 4.1%, or $0.16, to $3.73 from the comparable prior year amount of $3.89 per share; adjusted diluted earnings per share were $4.46 in fiscal 2025, a $0.15 increase from the comparable prior year amount of $4.31 per share; EBITDA: decreased 1.2%, or $50 million, to $4.0 billion; and adjusted EBITDA increased 2.4%, or $101 million, to $4.3 billion. The discussion of our results includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, that we believe provide important perspective with respect to underlying business trends. Other than EBITDA and free cash flow, any non-GAAP financial measures will be denoted as adjusted measures to remove (1) restructuring charges; (2) expenses associated with our various transformation initiatives; (3) severance charges; and (4) acquisition-related costs consisting of: (a) intangible amortization expense and (b) acquisition costs and due diligence costs related to our acquisitions. 27 Fiscal 2025 results of operations were also negatively impacted by a noncash goodwill impairment charge. No similar charge was applicable in fiscal 2024. The fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 items discussed above are collectively referred to as Certain Items. The results of our operations can be impacted by changes in exchange rates applicable to converting from local currencies to U.S. dollars. We measure our results on a constant currency basis. Our discussion below of our results includes certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe provide important perspective with respect to underlying business trends. Other than free cash flow, any non-GAAP financial measures will be denoted as adjusted measures and exclude the impact from Certain Items, and certain metrics are stated on a constant currency basis. Management believes that adjusting its operating expenses, operating income, other (income) expense, net earnings and diluted earnings per share to remove these Certain Items, provides an important perspective with respect to our underlying business trends and results. Additionally, it provides meaningful supplemental information to both management and investors that (1) is indicative of the performance of the company s underlying operations, (2) facilitates comparisons on a year-over-year basis and (3) removes those items that are difficult to predict and are often unanticipated and that, as a result, are difficult to include in analysts financial models and our investors expectations with any degree of specificity. The company uses these non-GAAP measures when evaluating its financial results as well as for internal planning and forecasting purposes. These financial measures should not be used as a substitute for GAAP measures in assessing the company s results of operations for periods presented. An analysis of any non-GAAP financial measure should be used in conjunction with results presented in accordance with GAAP. Any metric within this section referred to as adjusted will reflect the applicable impact of Certain Items. More information on the rationale for the use of these measures and reconciliations to GAAP numbers can be found under Non-GAAP Reconciliations. Key Performance Indicators Sysco seeks to meet its strategic goals by continually measuring its success in its key performance metrics that drive stakeholder value through sales growth and capital allocation and deployment. We believe the following are our most significant performance metrics in our current business environment: Adjusted operating income growth (non-GAAP); Adjusted diluted earnings per share growth (non-GAAP); Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP); Case volume growth for U.S. Foodservice and International Foodservice operations; Sysco brand penetration for U.S. Broadline operations; and Free cash flow (non-GAAP). We use these financial metrics and related computations, as well as sales and gross profit growth, to evaluate our business and to plan for near and long-term operating and strategic decisions. We believe it is useful to provide investors with the same financial information that we use internally to make comparisons of our historical operating results, identify trends in our underlying operating results and evaluate our business. Key Financial Definitions Sales Sales are equal to gross sales subtracted by, (1) sales returns and (2) sales incentives that we offer to certain customers, such as upfront monies and discounts. Our sales are driven by changes in case volumes and product inflation that is reflected in the pricing of our products and mix of products sold. Gross profit Gross profit is equal to our net sales subtracted by our cost of goods sold. Cost of goods sold primarily includes inventory costs (net of supplier consideration) and inbound freight. Cost of goods sold generally changes as we incur higher or lower costs from our suppliers and as our customer and product mix changes. Adjusted Operating Income and Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Share Growth Adjusted operating income represents our consolidated operating income, adjusted for the impact of Certain Items that we do not consider representative of our underlying performance. Adjusted diluted earnings per share represents our consolidated diluted earnings per share, adjusted for the impact of Certain Items that we do not consider representative of our underlying performance. Sysco s management considers growth in these metrics to be useful measures of operating efficiency and profitability as they facilitate comparison of performance on a consistent basis from period to period by providing a measurement of recurring factors and trends affecting our business. 28 Adjusted EBITDA EBITDA represents net earnings plus: (1) interest expense, (2) income tax expense and benefit, (3) depreciation and (4) amortization. The net earnings component of our EBITDA calculation is impacted by Certain Items that we do not consider representative of our underlying performance. As a result, in the non-GAAP reconciliations below for each period presented, adjusted EBITDA is computed as EBITDA plus the impact of Certain Items, excluding Certain Items related to interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. Sysco s management considers growth in this metric to be a measure of overall financial performance that provides useful information to management and investors about the profitability of the business. It facilitates comparison of performance on a consistent basis from period to period by providing a measurement of recurring factors and trends affecting our business. Additionally, it is a commonly used component metric used to inform on capital structure decisions. Case Volume Growth for U.S. Foodservice and International Foodservice Operations Case volume represents the volume of products sold to customers during a period of time and improvements in this metric are a primary driver of Sysco s top line performance. We define a case as the lowest level of packaged products that are sold from our warehouses, with one case potentially containing several pieces of a product packaged in bulk. Case size does not generally vary by location or from period to period due to the design of our warehouses but can vary within our international operations. Case volume growth is calculated by dividing the change in the volume of cases sold year-over-year by the volume of cases sold in the prior year. Sysco management considers case volume growth within its U.S. Foodservice and International Foodservice operations to be a measure that provides useful information to management and investors in evaluating sales performance and as an indicator of gross margin performance. Management monitors case volume growth by customer type, with bifurcation between local customers and national customers, as this provides a measure of gross profit performance due to the pricing strategies attached to each customer type. Local customers are primarily street customers, such as independent restaurants that do not have long-term contracts, or locally managed customers, such as local chain restaurants, while national customers are the multi-unit customers requiring national coverage from a customer-centric view and are managed centrally from our Global Support Center, specific to U.S. Foodservice. Sysco management seeks to drive higher case volume growth to local customers, which allows more favorable pricing terms for these operations and generates higher gross margins as a result. National customers benefit from purchasing power as they are able to negotiate pricing agreements across multiple businesses reducing our gross profit potential, but reducing our overall cost per case, as national customers have bigger drop sizes. While overall case volume growth reflects a key component of sales growth, local customer case growth provides additional context around gross profit performance. Sysco Brand Penetration for U.S. Broadline Operations Sysco management considers Sysco brand penetration to be a measure that provides useful information to management and investors in evaluating the gross profit performance of the company s U.S. Broadline operations. Sysco offers an assortment of Sysco-branded products which are differentiated from privately branded products. These Sysco Branded products enable us to achieve higher gross margin by administering and leveraging a consolidated product procurement program for quality food and non-food products. Due to cost efficiencies, Sysco-branded products generate a higher gross margin than sales from other privately branded products. We define Sysco brand penetration as the percentage of Sysco-branded case volume sold to U.S. Broadline customers over all cases sold to U.S. Broadline customers. It is calculated by dividing Sysco-branded case volume sold to U.S. Broadline customers by total cases sold to U.S. Broadline customers. This performance indicator, also measured at the customer type level, including local and national customers, is driven by growth in the distribution of Sysco branded products to more customers and more geographies, as well as increasing Sysco branded offerings through innovation and the launch of new products. Free Cash Flow Free cash flow represents net cash provided from operating activities, subtracted by purchases of plant and equipment, added to proceeds from sales of plant and equipment. Sysco management considers free cash flow to be a non-GAAP liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated by the business after the purchases and sales of buildings, fleet, equipment and technology, which may potentially be used to pay for, among other things, strategic uses of cash, including dividend payments, share repurchases and acquisitions. However, free cash flow may not be available for discretionary expenditures as it may be necessary that we use it to make mandatory debt service or other payments. Free cash flow should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, consolidated net income as a measure of our performance and net cash provided by operating activities as a measure of our liquidity. See Liquidity and 29 Capital Resources for discussions of GAAP metrics, including net cash provided by operating activities and our reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure. Trends Economic and Industry Trends During fiscal 2025, Sysco was impacted by negative year-over-year foot traffic to restaurants. Foot traffic trends improved in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025. We expect foot traffic in fiscal 2026 to be similar to foot traffic trends in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025. We believe the food-away-from-home sector is a healthy long-term growth market, and Sysco is diversified and well positioned as a market leader in food service. Sales and Gross Profit Trends Our sales and gross profit performance are influenced by multiple factors including price, volume, inflation, customer mix and product mix. The most significant factor affecting our sales and gross profit performance in fiscal 2025 was product cost inflation, as we experienced 2.5% inflation at the total enterprise level. U.S. Foodservice experienced a 0.5% improvement in total case volume and a 1.4% decrease in local case volume as compared to fiscal 2024. This volume reflects our broadline and specialty businesses, except for our specialty meats business, which measures its volume in pounds. We experienced growth in local case volume in our International Foodservice segment of approximately 4.0% in fiscal 2025, as compared to fiscal 2024. We experienced inflation at a rate of 3.5% and 2.5% in the fourth quarter and for fiscal 2025, respectively, at the total enterprise level, primarily driven by inflation in the dairy, poultry, and meat categories. We have been successful in managing inflation, resulting in an increase in gross profit dollars. Gross margin decreased 13 basis points in fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024, primarily as a result of a shift in our customer mix driven by national sales volumes outpacing local sales volumes and a decrease in Sysco brand penetration rates. Gross margin increased 19 basis points in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025 as compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, primarily as a result of disciplined strategic sourcing efforts. We expect to grow our revenue and earnings in fiscal 2026. We expect the rate of inflation for fiscal 2026 to be approximately 2%, which is consistent with recent trends experienced in fiscal 2025. We also expect volume growth in fiscal 2026 as a result of improved sales consultant retention, increased sales consultant tenure, and from contributions from potential mergers and acquisitions. In total, we expect these factors to result in net sales growth across the enterprise of 3% to 5% in fiscal 2026. Operating Expense Trends Total operating expenses increased 4.2% during fiscal 2025, as compared to fiscal 2024, driven by business and sales headcount investments, cost inflation, as well as a noncash impairment charge on our Guest Worldwide business. These increases were partially offset by lower incentive compensation as our operating results were lower than our target payout criteria. Our Global Support Center expenses experienced a decrease of 5.7% in fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024, primarily as a result of progress on our existing cost savings program. In fiscal 2026, we expect to achieve target operating results thereby increasing our incentive compensation by approximately $100 million compared to fiscal 2025. In fiscal 2026, we expect to achieve cost savings benefits as we leverage our unique scale advantages to expand strategic sourcing efforts to include a broader range of categories, more efficiently harness our global buying power, improve inbound freight logistics to minimize points across our network, and take actions to improve organizational optimization at our Global Support Center. We believe the advancements that have been made in our physical capabilities, and the investments made to improve training, will result in continued supply chain productivity improvements and in lowered costs to serve our customers. Goodwill Impairment In our annual fiscal 2025 goodwill impairment assessment, we concluded that one reporting unit, Guest Worldwide, had a fair value that was less than book value due to its recent financial performance and downward revisions in its long-range financial outlook. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025 we recorded a noncash goodwill impairment charge of $92 million for a portion of the goodwill attributable to our Guest Worldwide reporting unit. This charge is included within operating 30 expenses in the consolidated results of operations. All other reporting units were concluded to have a fair value that exceeded book value. We do not anticipate to incur additional goodwill impairment charges in fiscal 2026. Income Tax Trends Our provision for income taxes primarily reflects a combination of income earned and taxed in the various U.S. federal and state as well as foreign jurisdictions. Tax law changes, increases or decreases in book versus tax basis differences, accruals or adjustments of accruals for unrecognized tax benefits or valuation allowances, and our change in the mix of earnings from these taxing jurisdictions all affect the overall effective tax rate. Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2025 was 24.3% and is expected to be approximately 23.5% to 24.0% in fiscal 2026. On July 4, 2025, President Trump signed into law the legislation commonly referred to as the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA). The OBBBA includes various provisions, such as the permanent extension of certain expiring provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, modifications to the international tax framework and the restoration of favorable tax treatment for certain business provisions. Certain provisions will be effective for Sysco beginning in our fiscal 2026 tax year. We are currently evaluating the future impact of these tax law changes on our financial statements. Divestitures In the second quarter of fiscal 2025, we sold our interest in our joint venture partnership in Mexico, which was a part of our International Foodservice Operations. This operation was not significant to Sysco s business, and the divestiture will facilitate our efforts to improve our return on invested capital position. Mergers and Acquisitions We continue to focus on mergers and acquisitions as a part of our growth strategy. Our strategy is to grow our existing businesses, while cultivating new channels, new business lines and new capabilities. In the second quarter of fiscal 2025, we acquired Campbells Prime Meat, a leading specialty meat business based in Scotland. By combining the Campbells Prime Meat product offering with our broadline business, this acquisition provides a strategic opportunity to enable total team selling in this region. This company s results are included within International Foodservice Operations and were not material to our results in fiscal 2025. Strategy Our purpose is Connecting the World to Share Food and Care for One Another. Purpose driven companies are believed to perform better, and we believe our purpose will assist us to grow substantially faster than the foodservice distribution industry and deliver profitable growth through our Recipe for Growth transformation. This growth transformation is supported by strategic pillars that we believe will continue to enable us to better serve our customers, including: Digital We have and will continue to enrich the customer experience through personalized digital tools that reduce friction in the purchase experience and introduce innovation to our customers. Products and Solutions We are providing customer-focused marketing and merchandising solutions that inspire increased sales of our broad assortment of fair priced products and services. We continue to improve our merchandising strategies globally to secure the best possible cost for our customers. Supply Chain We are efficiently and consistently serving customers with the products they need, when and how they need them, through a flexible delivery framework. We are developing a more nimble, accessible and productive supply chain that is better positioned to support our customers. Customer Teams Our greatest strength is our people - people who are passionate about food and food service. Our team - diverse in perspectives, backgrounds, and life experiences - delivers expertise and differentiated services designed to help our customers grow their businesses. We will continue to invest in the sales organization through incremental sales colleagues and intend to improve the effectiveness by leveraging data to increase the yield of the sales process. 31 Future Horizons We are committed to responsible growth. We will cultivate new channels, new segments, and new capabilities, organically and through strategic acquisitions, while being stewards of our company and our planet for the long term. We will utilize cost-out and efficiency improvements to mitigate the costs of our future investments. Results of Operations The following table sets forth the components of our consolidated results of operations expressed as a percentage of sales for the periods indicated: 2025 2024 Sales 100.0 % 100.0 % Cost of sales 81.6 81.5 Gross profit 18.4 18.5 Operating expenses 14.6 14.5 Operating income 3.8 4.0 Interest expense 0.8 0.7 Other expense (income), net Earnings before income taxes 3.0 3.3 Income taxes 0.8 0.8 Net earnings 2.2 % 2.5 % The following table sets forth the change in the components of our consolidated results of operations expressed as a percentage increase or decrease over the comparable period in the prior year: 2025 Sales 3.2 % Cost of sales 3.4 Gross profit 2.5 Operating expenses 4.2 Operating income (3.6) Interest expense 4.6 Other expense (income), net (1) 26.7 Earnings before income taxes (5.8) Income taxes (3.8) Net earnings (6.5) % Basic earnings per share (4.1) % Diluted earnings per share (4.1) Average shares outstanding (2.6) Diluted shares outstanding (2.6) (1) Other expense (income), net was expense of $38 million in fiscal 2025 and expense of $30 million in fiscal 2024. 32 Segment Results The following represents our results by reportable segments: Year Ended Jun. 28, 2025 U.S. Foodservice Operations International Foodservice Operations SYGMA Other Global Support Center Consolidated Totals (In millions) Sales $ 56,965 $ 14,905 $ 8,410 $ 1,090 $ $ 81,370 Sales increase (decrease) 2.9 % 2.4 % 8.3 % (7.3) % 3.2 % Percentage of total 70.0 % 18.3 % 10.3 % 1.4 % 100.0 % Operating income (loss) $ 3,516 $ 437 $ 81 $ (73) $ (873) $ 3,088 Operating income increase (decrease) (4.3) % 16.5 % 12.5 % (282.5) % (3.6) % Percentage of total segments 88.8 % 11.0 % 2.0 % (1.8) % 100.0 % Operating income as a percentage of sales 6.2 % 2.9 % 1.0 % (6.7) % 3.8 % Year Ended Jun. 29, 2024 U.S. Foodservice Operations International Foodservice Operations SYGMA Other Global Support Center Consolidated Totals (In millions) Sales $ 55,339 $ 14,561 $ 7,768 $ 1,176 $ $ 78,844 Percentage of total 70.2 % 18.5 % 9.9 % 1.4 % 100.0 % Operating income (loss) $ 3,673 $ 375 $ 72 $ 40 $ (958) $ 3,202 Percentage of total segments 88.3 % 9.0 % 1.7 % 1.0 % 100.0 % Operating income as a percentage of sales 6.6 % 2.6 % 0.9 % 3.4 % 4.1 % Our U.S. Foodservice Operations and our International Foodservice Operations segments represent a substantial majority of our total segment results when compared to other reportable segments. In fiscal 2025, U.S. Foodservice Operations and International Foodservice Operations represented approximately 70.0% and 18.3%, respectively, of Sysco s overall sales, compared to 70.2% and 18.5%, respectively, in fiscal 2024. In fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, U.S. Foodservice Operations represented approximately 88.8% and 88.3%, respectively, of the total segment operating income. See Note 21, Business Segment Information, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for more information. Cost of sales primarily includes our product costs, net of vendor consideration, and includes in-bound freight. Operating expenses include the costs of facilities, product handling, delivery, selling and general and administrative activities. Fuel surcharges are reflected within sales and gross profit; fuel costs are reflected within operating expenses. Along with sales, operating income is the most relevant measure for evaluating segment performance and allocating resources, as operating income includes cost of goods sold in addition to the costs to warehouse and deliver goods, which are significant and relevant costs when evaluating a distribution business. Results of U.S. Foodservice Operations In fiscal 2025, the U.S. Foodservice Operations operating results represented approximately 70.0% of Sysco s overall sales and 88.8% of the aggregated operating income of Sysco s reporting segments. Several factors contributed to these higher operating results as compared to the other operating segments. We have invested substantial amounts in assets, operating methods, technology and management expertise in this segment. The breadth of its sales force, geographic reach of its distribution area and its purchasing power enable this segment to generate its relatively stronger results of operations. 33 The following table sets forth a summary of the components of operating income and adjusted operating income expressed as a percentage increase or decrease over the prior year: 2025 2024 Change in Dollars % Change (Dollars in millions) Sales $ 56,965 $ 55,339 $ 1,626 2.9 % Gross profit 10,875 10,708 167 1.6 Operating expenses 7,359 7,035 324 4.6 Operating income $ 3,516 $ 3,673 $ (157) (4.3) % Gross profit $ 10,875 $ 10,708 $ 167 1.6 % Adjusted operating expenses (Non-GAAP) (1) 7,243 6,964 279 4.0 Adjusted operating income (Non-GAAP) (1) $ 3,632 $ 3,744 $ (112) (3.0) % (1) See Non-GAAP Reconciliations below. Sales The following table sets forth the percentage and dollar value increase or decrease in sales over the prior year in order to demonstrate the cause and magnitude of change. Increase (Decrease) 2025 (Dollars in millions) Cause of change Percentage Dollars Case volume (1) 0.4 % $ 201 Inflation 2.6 1,460 Other (2) (0.1) (35) Total change in sales 2.9 % $ 1,626 (1) Case volumes increased 0.5% compared to fiscal 2024. This volume increase resulted in a 0.4% increase in the dollar value of sales compared to fiscal 2024. (2) Case volu