TICKER=CCI|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CCI_2026-02-23.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider all of the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this document, when evaluating your investment in our securities. Summary of Risk Factors The following summarizes our material risk factors, including risk factors relating to our Fiber Business. However, this summary is not intended to be a comprehensive and complete list of all risk factors identified by the Company. Refer to the following pages of this section for additional details regarding these summarized risk factors. Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry: • Our business depends on the demand for our communications infrastructure (including towers, small cells and fiber), driven primarily by demand for data, and we may be adversely affected by any slowdown in such demand. Additionally, a reduction in the amount or change in the mix of network investment by our tenants may materially and adversely affect our business (including reducing demand for our communications infrastructure or services). • A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from a small number of tenants, and the loss, consolidation or financial instability of any of such tenants may materially decrease revenues, reduce demand for our communications infrastructure and services and impact our dividend per share growth. • The expansion or development of our business, including through acquisitions, increased product offerings or other strategic opportunities, may cause disruptions in our business, which may have an adverse effect on our business, operations or financial results. • Our Fiber business model contains certain differences from our Towers business model, resulting in different operational risks. If we do not successfully operate our Fiber business model or identify or manage the related operational risks through the closing of the Strategic Fiber Transaction, such operations may produce results that are lower than anticipated. • Failure to timely, efficiently and safely execute on our construction projects could adversely affect our business. • New technologies may reduce demand for our communications infrastructure or negatively impact our revenues. • If we fail to retain rights to our communications infrastructure, including the rights to land under our towers and the right-of-way and other agreements related to our small cells and fiber, our business may be adversely affected. • Our services business has historically experienced significant volatility in demand, which reduces the predictability of our results. • As a result of competition in our industry, we may find it more difficult to negotiate favorable rates on our new or renewing tenant contracts. • New wireless technologies may not deploy or be adopted by tenants as rapidly or in the manner projected. • If radio frequency emissions from wireless handsets or equipment on our communications infrastructure are demonstrated to cause negative health effects, potential future claims could adversely affect our operations, costs or revenues. • Cybersecurity breaches or other information technology disruptions could adversely affect our operations, business, and reputation. • If we do not continue to make appropriate investments in, and effectively implement and maintain, our information technology systems and digital capabilities, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. • Our business may be adversely impacted by climate-related events, natural disasters, including wildfires, and other unforeseen events. • Failure to attract, recruit and retain qualified and experienced employees could adversely affect our business, operations and costs. • Changes to management, including turnover of our top executives, could have an adverse effect on our business. • Actions that we are taking, or have completed, to restructure our business in alignment with our strategic priorities may not be as effective as anticipated. • Actions of activist stockholders could impact the pursuit of our business strategies and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. 12 Risks Relating to Our Pending Sale of the Fiber Business: • The pendency of the sale of our Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. • Completion of the Strategic Fiber Transaction is subject to the conditions contained in the Strategic Fiber Agreement, including regulatory approvals, which may not be received, and separation of the Fiber Business from our current operations, and if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, the transaction will not be completed. • The failure to complete the planned sale of the Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and stock price. Risks Relating to Our Debt and Equity • Our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to react to changes in our business, and the terms of our debt instruments limit our ability to take a number of actions that our management might otherwise believe to be in our best interests. In addition, if we fail to comply with our covenants, our debt could be accelerated. • We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. In the event we do not repay or refinance such indebtedness, we could face substantial liquidity issues and might be required to issue equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities, or sell some of our assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, to meet our debt payment obligations. • Sales or issuances of a substantial number of shares of our common stock or securities convertible into shares of our common stock may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. • Certain provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation ("Charter") and second amended and restated by-laws, as amended ("By-laws") and operative agreements, and domestic and international competition laws may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us or for us to acquire control of a third party, even if such a change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. Risks Relating to Corporate Compliance • If we fail to comply with laws or regulations which regulate our business and which may change at any time, we may be fined or even lose our right to conduct some of our business. Risks Relating to Our REIT Status • Future dividend payments to our stockholders will reduce the availability of our cash on hand available to fund future discretionary investments, and may result in a need to incur indebtedness or issue equity securities to fund growth opportunities. In such event, the then current economic, credit market or equity market conditions will impact the availability or cost of such financing, which may hinder our ability to grow our per share results of operations. • Remaining qualified to be taxed as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Code. Failure to remain qualified as a REIT would result in our inability to deduct dividends to stockholders when computing our taxable income, thereby increasing our tax obligations and reducing our available cash. • Complying with REIT requirements, including the 90% distribution requirement, may limit our flexibility or cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities, including certain discretionary investments and potential financing alternatives. • REIT related ownership limitations and transfer restrictions may prevent or restrict certain transfers of our capital stock. 13 Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry Our business depends on the demand for our communications infrastructure (including towers, small cells and fiber), driven primarily by demand for data, and we may be adversely affected by any slowdown in such demand. Additionally, a reduction in the amount or change in the mix of network investment by our tenants may materially and adversely affect our business (including reducing demand for our communications infrastructure or services). Tenant demand for our communications infrastructure depends on consumers' and organizations' demand for data. Additionally, the willingness of our tenants to utilize our communications infrastructure, or renew or extend existing tenant contracts on our communications infrastructure, is affected by numerous factors, including: • availability or capacity of our communications infrastructure or associated land interests; • location of our communications infrastructure; • financial condition of our tenants, including their profitability and availability or cost of capital, including through government funding; • willingness of our tenants to maintain or increase their network investment or changes in their capital allocation strategy; • need for integrated networks and organizations; • availability and cost of spectrum for commercial use; • increased use of network sharing, roaming, joint development, or resale agreements by our tenants; • mergers or consolidations by and among our tenants; • changes in, or success of, our tenants' business models; • governmental regulations and initiatives, including local or state restrictions on the proliferation of communications infrastructure; • cost of constructing communications infrastructure; • our market competition, including tenants that may elect to self-perform; • technological changes, including those (1) affecting the number or type of communications infrastructure needed to provide data to a given geographic area or which may otherwise serve as a substitute or alternative to our communications infrastructure or (2) resulting in the obsolescence or decommissioning of certain existing wireless networks; and • our ability to efficiently satisfy our tenants' service requirements. A slowdown in demand for data or our communications infrastructure may negatively impact our growth or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. If our current or potential tenants are unable to raise adequate capital to fund their business plans, as a result of disruptions in the financial and credit markets or otherwise, they may reduce their spending, which could adversely affect our anticipated growth or the demand for our communications infrastructure or services. The amount, timing, and mix of our tenants' network investment is variable and can be significantly impacted by the various matters described in these risk factors. Changes in tenant network investment typically impact the demand for our communications infrastructure. As a result, changes in tenant plans such as delays in the implementation of new systems, new and emerging technologies, or change in plans to expand coverage or capacity may reduce demand for our communications infrastructure. Furthermore, the industries in which our tenants operate (particularly those in the wireless industry) could experience a slowdown or slowing growth rates as a result of numerous factors, including a reduction in consumer demand for data or general economic conditions. There can be no assurances that weakness or uncertainty in the economic environment will not adversely impact our tenants or their industries, which may materially and adversely affect our business, including by reducing demand for our communications infrastructure or services. In addition, a slowdown may increase competition for site rental tenants or services. Such an industry slowdown or a reduction in tenant network investment may materially and adversely affect our business. 14 A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from a small number of tenants, and the loss, consolidation or financial instability of any of such tenants may materially decrease revenues, reduce demand for our communications infrastructure and services and impact our dividend per share growth. Our three largest tenants are T-Mobile, AT&T and Verizon Wireless. In addition to our three largest tenants, we also derived a meaningful portion of our revenues and previously anticipated future growth from DISH. The loss of any one of our three largest tenants as a result of consolidation, merger, bankruptcy, insolvency, network sharing, roaming, joint development, resale agreements by our tenants or otherwise may result in (1) a material decrease in our revenues, (2) uncollectible account receivables, (3) an impairment of our deferred site rental receivables, communications infrastructure assets, or intangible assets (including goodwill), or (4) other adverse effects to our business. We cannot guarantee that tenant contracts with our largest tenants will not be terminated or that these tenants will renew their tenant contracts with us. Consolidation among our largest tenants will likely result in duplicate or overlapping parts of networks, for example, where they are co-residents on a tower or small cell network, which may result in the termination, non-renewal or re-negotiation of tenant contracts and negatively impact revenues from our communications infrastructure. Due to the long-term nature of our tenant contracts, we generally expect that the impact to our site rental revenues from any termination of our tenant contracts as a result of such potential consolidation would be spread out over multiple years. Such consolidation (or potential consolidation) may result in a reduction or slowdown in such tenants' network investment in the aggregate because their expansion plans may be similar. Tenant consolidation could decrease the demand for our communications infrastructure and services, which in turn may result in a reduction in our revenues or cash flows and may trigger a review for impairment of certain long-lived assets. On January 6, 2022, we entered into an agreement with T-Mobile that addressed the T-Mobile and Sprint network consolidation. This consolidation resulted in approximately $200 million in Towers non-renewals in 2025, and we anticipate additional non-renewals from this agreement, which we expect to fall within our historical non-renewal range of 1% to 2% of Towers annual site rental revenues, to occur each year through 2034. We expect an additional impact of approximately $40 million in aggregate Fiber non-renewals to occur in 2026 and in subsequent years, until the closing of the Strategic Fiber Transaction. On January 12, 2026, we delivered a notice of default and termination to DISH relating to our Master Lease Agreement and underlying agreements with DISH as a result of DISH failing to make required payments and defaulting on its obligations under the agreements. As a result of the termination, we assert in the notice that DISH owes us all remaining payments under these agreements, which total in excess of $3.5 billion. As of December 31, 2025, associated with our agreements with DISH, we had recorded on our consolidated balance sheet approximately $50 million within "Receivables, net" and approximately $150 million within "Deferred site rental receivables," partially offset by approximately $34 million recorded within "Deferred revenues" and "Other long-term liabilities." We expect the total net balance sheet impact of approximately $165 million will ultimately be recoverable, and accordingly no adjustments have been made to reserve such net amount as of December 31, 2025. We do not intend to recognize additional revenue under these agreements pending further developments with respect to this matter. See "Item 1. Business—The Company" and note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our largest tenants. The expansion or development of our business, including through acquisitions, increased product offerings or other strategic opportunities, may cause disruptions in our business, which may have an adverse effect on our business, operations or financial results. We seek to expand and develop our business, including through acquisitions, increased product offerings, or other strategic opportunities. In the ordinary course of our business, we review, analyze and evaluate various potential transactions or other activities in which we may engage. Such transactions or activities could be complex, costly and time-consuming, or cause disruptions in, increase risk to or otherwise negatively impact our business. Among other things, such transactions and activities may: • disrupt our business relationships with our tenants and landlords, depending on the nature of or counterparty to such transactions and activities; • divert capital and the time or attention of management away from other business operations, including as a result of post-transaction integration activities; • fail to achieve revenue or margin targets, operational synergies or other benefits contemplated; • increase operational risk or volatility in our business; • temporarily decrease the volume of our business; • not result in the benefits management had expected to realize from such expansion and development activities, or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected; 15 • impact our cost structure and result in the need to hire additional employees; • increase demands on current employees or result in current or prospective employees experiencing uncertainty about their future roles with us, which might adversely affect our ability to retain or attract key employees; or • result in the need for additional TRSs or contributions of certain assets to TRSs, which are subject to federal and state corporate income taxes. Our Fiber business model contains certain differences from our Towers business model, resulting in different operational risks. If we do not successfully operate our Fiber business model or identify or manage the related operational risks through the closing of the Strategic Fiber Transaction, such operations may produce results that are lower than anticipated. The business model for our Fiber operations contains certain differences from our business model for our Towers operations, including those relating to tenant base, competition, contract terms (including requirements for service level agreements regarding network performance and maintenance), upfront capital requirements, labor costs, landlord demographics, deployment and ownership of certain network assets, operational oversight requirements, government regulations, growth rates and applicable laws. While our Fiber operations have certain risks that are similar to our Towers operations, they also have certain operational risks (including the scalability of processes) that are different from our Towers business, including: • the use of public rights-of-way and franchise agreements; • the use of poles and conduits owned solely by, or jointly with, third parties; • risks relating to overbuilding competitive fiber assets; • risks relating to the specific markets in which we choose or plan to operate; • risks relating to construction hazards, including boring, trenching, utility and maintenance of traffic hazards; • construction management and construction-related billings to tenants; • risks relating to efficiently and rapidly adjusting the size of the personnel needed to operate our Fiber business; • risks relating to wireless carriers building their own small cell networks, or tenants utilizing their own or alternative fiber assets; • the risk of failing to optimize the use of our finite supply of fiber strands; • damage to our assets and the need to maintain, repair, upgrade and periodically replace our assets; • the risk of failing to properly maintain or operate highly specialized hardware and software; • network data security risks; • the risk of new technologies that could enable tenants to realize the same benefits with less utilization of our fiber; • potential damage to our overall reputation as a communications infrastructure provider; and • the use of competitive local exchange carrier ("CLEC") status. In addition, the rate at which tenants adopt or prioritize small cells and fiber solutions has been lower or slower than we anticipated, and may continue to be lower or slower, or may cease to exist altogether. For example, our tenants have initially focused on utilizing towers in the first phase of deploying their 5G networks, which has led to delays in some of our small cell deployments. We anticipate that these delays will be temporary, as our tenants plan for the next phase of their 5G network deployment which we believe will require small cells at scale. Our Fiber operations also expose us to different safety or liability risks or hazards than our Towers business as a result of numerous factors, including those stemming from the deployment, location or nature of the assets involved. There may be risks and challenges associated with small cells and fiber solutions being comparatively new and emerging technologies that are continuing to evolve, and there may be other risks related to small cells and fiber solutions of which we are not yet aware. See " —The pendency of the sale of our Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. ", " —Completion of the Strategic Fiber Transaction is subject to the conditions contained in the Strategic Fiber Agreement, including regulatory approvals, which may not be received, and separation of the Fiber Business from our current operations, and if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, the transaction will not be completed. ", " —The failure to complete the planned sale of the Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and stock price. " and "—Our business depends on the demand for our communications infrastructure (including towers, small cells and fiber), driven primarily by demand for data, and we may be adversely affected by any slowdown in such demand. Additionally, a reduction in the amount or change in the mix of network investment by our tenants may materially and adversely affect our business (including reducing demand for our communications infrastructure or services.) ", and note 3 to our consolidated financial statements, for discussions of the Strategic Fiber Transaction. Failure to timely, efficiently and safely execute on our construction projects could adversely affect our business. Our construction projects and related contracts can be long-term, complex in nature, dangerous, costly and challenging to execute. The quality of our performance on such construction projects depends in large part upon our ability to manage (1) the 16 associated tenant relationship and (2) the project itself by timely deploying and properly managing appropriate internal and external project resources. In connection with our construction projects, we generally bear the risk of cost over-runs, labor availability and productivity, and contractor pricing and performance. In addition, the construction projects (including modifications of existing communications infrastructure) can pose certain safety risks, including: • risks resulting from elevated work, including falling hazards; • risks of third-party non-compliance with safety regulations, industry best practices or other applicable standards; • risks associated with utility hazards, including gas line, electrical or sewage strikes, which may result in explosions, electrocution and other potentially catastrophic events; and • risk of potential wildfires, including due to welding, grinding, cutting, or other construction activity. Such safety risks may cause personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property, suspension of operations or services, or significant damage to the environment, creating financial, regulatory or reputational damage that could adversely affect our business. See "—Our business may be adversely impacted by climate-related events, natural disasters, including wildfires, and other unforeseen events" below for additional information regarding potential adverse impacts to our business which may result from wildfires and other climate-related events. Further, investments in newly constructed communications infrastructure may result in lower initial returns compared to returns on our existing communications infrastructure or us not being able to realize future tenant additions at anticipated levels. Additionally, contracts with our tenants for these projects typically specify delivery dates, performance criteria and penalties for our failure to perform. Our failure to perform timely and in accordance with the performance criteria exposes us to penalties specified in the contract or possible litigation. We often experience unforeseen delays, primarily in our Fiber business, from municipalities and utility companies that result in longer construction timelines than expected, which impact our ability to timely deliver on our projects. We may also experience unforeseen delays and increased project costs as a result of labor shortages, which may impact the availability of contractors to work on our construction projects. Our failure to manage such tenant relationships, project resources, and project milestones in a timely and efficient manner and appropriately manage safety risks could have a material adverse effect on our business. New technologies may reduce demand for our communications infrastructure or negatively impact our revenues. Improvements in the efficiency, architecture, and design of communication networks may reduce the demand for our communications infrastructure. For example, new technologies and spectrum that may promote network sharing, joint development, backhaul and fronthaul efficiency or resale agreements by our tenants, such as signal combining technologies or network virtualization, may reduce the need for our communications infrastructure. In addition, other technologies, such as WiFi, satellite (such as low earth orbiting) and mesh transmission systems may serve as substitutes for, or alternatives to, leasing on communications infrastructure that might otherwise be anticipated or expected had such technologies not existed. In addition, new technologies that enhance the range, efficiency and capacity of communication equipment could reduce demand for our communications infrastructure. Any significant reduction in demand for our communications infrastructure resulting from the new technologies may negatively impact our revenues or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. If we fail to retain rights to our communications infrastructure, including the rights to land under our towers and the right-of-way and other agreements related to our small cells and fiber, our business may be adversely affected. The property interests and other rights to our communications infrastructure, including the land under our towers, are derived from leasehold and sub-leasehold interests, fee interests, easements, licenses, rights-of-way, and franchise and other agreements. A loss of these interests and other rights may interfere with our ability to conduct our business or generate revenues. For various reasons, we may not always have the ability to access, analyze, or verify all information regarding titles or other issues prior to acquiring communications infrastructure. Further, we may not be able to renew ground leases or other agreements on commercially viable terms. Our ability to retain rights to the land on which our towers are located depends on our ability to purchase such land, by acquiring fee interests and perpetual easements, or renegotiate or extend the terms of the agreements relating to such land. Approximately 10% of our towers Adjusted Site Rental Gross Margin for the year ended December 31, 2025 was derived from towers where the leases for the land under such towers had final expiration dates of less than 10 years. If we are unable to retain rights to the property on which our communications infrastructure is located, our business may be adversely affected. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 55% of our towers were leased or subleased or operated and managed under master leases, subleases, or other agreements with AT&T and T-Mobile (including those which T-Mobile assumed in its merger 17 with Sprint). We have the option to purchase these towers at the end of their respective lease terms. We have no obligation to exercise such purchase options. We may not have the required available capital to exercise our right to purchase some or all of these towers at the time these options are exercisable. Even if we do have available capital, we may choose not to exercise our right to purchase these towers or some or all of the T-Mobile or AT&T towers for business or other reasons. In the event that we do not exercise these purchase rights, or are otherwise unable to acquire an interest that would allow us to continue to operate these towers after the applicable period, we will lose the cash flows derived from such towers, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. In the event that we decide to exercise these purchase rights, the benefits of the acquisition of these towers may not exceed the costs, which could adversely affect our business. Additional information concerning these towers and the applicable purchase options as of December 31, 2025 is as follows: • 22% of our towers are leased or subleased or operated and managed under a master lease or other related agreements with AT&T. We have the option to purchase the leased and subleased towers from AT&T at the end of the respective lease or sublease terms for aggregate option payments of approximately $4.2 billion, which payments, if such option is exercised, would be due between 2032 and 2048. • 32% of our towers are leased or subleased or operated and managed under master leases, subleases or other agreements with T-Mobile (including those which T-Mobile assumed in its merger with Sprint). In 2037, we have the option to purchase all (but not less than all) of approximately half of such leased and subleased towers from T-Mobile for approximately $2.3 billion. We have the option to purchase the remainder of such towers from T-Mobile at the end of the respective terms for aggregate option payments of approximately $2.0 billion, which payments, if such option is exercised, would be due between 2035 and 2049. In addition, another 1% of our towers under master leases, subleases, and other agreements with T-Mobile are subject to a lease and sublease or other related arrangements with AT&T. We have the option to purchase these towers from AT&T at the end of their respective lease terms for aggregate option payments of up to approximately $373 million as of December 31, 2025, which payments, if such option is exercised, would be due prior to 2032 (less than $5 million would be due before 2029). Under master lease or master prepaid lease arrangements we have with AT&T and T-Mobile (including those which T-Mobile assumed in its merger with Sprint), certain of our subsidiaries lease or sublease, or are otherwise granted the right to operate and manage, towers from bankruptcy remote subsidiaries of such carriers. If one of these bankruptcy remote subsidiaries should become a debtor in a bankruptcy proceeding and is permitted to reject the underlying ground lease, our subsidiaries could lose their interest in the applicable sites. If our subsidiaries were to lose their interest in the applicable sites or if the applicable ground leases were to be terminated, we would lose the cash flow derived from the towers on those sites, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. We have similar bankruptcy risks with respect to sites that we operate under management agreements. For our small cells and fiber, we must maintain rights-of-way, franchise, pole attachment, conduit use, fiber use and other agreements to operate our assets. For various reasons, we may not always have the ability to maintain these agreements or obtain future agreements to construct, maintain and operate our fiber assets. Access to rights-of-way may depend on our CLEC status, and we cannot be certain that jurisdictions will (1) recognize such CLEC status or (2) not change their laws concerning CLEC access to rights-of-way. If a material portion of these agreements are terminated or are not renewed, we might be forced to abandon our assets, which may adversely impact our business. In order to operate our assets, we must also maintain fiber agreements that we have with public and private entities. There is no assurance that we will be able to renew these agreements on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew these agreements on favorable terms, we may face increased costs or reduced revenues. Additionally, in order to expand our communications infrastructure footprint to new locations, we often need to obtain new or additional rights-of-way and other agreements. Our failure to obtain these agreements in a prompt and cost-effective manner may prevent us from expanding our footprint, which may be necessary to meet our contractual obligations to our tenants and could adversely impact our business. Our services business has historically experienced significant volatility in demand, which reduces the predictability of our results. The operating results of our services business for any particular period may experience significant fluctuations given its non-recurring nature and should not necessarily be considered indicative of longer-term results for this activity. Our services business is generally driven by demand for our communications infrastructure and may be adversely impacted by various factors, including: • competition; • the timing, mix and amount of tenant network investments; • the rate and volume of tenant deployment plans; 18 • unforeseen delays or challenges relating to work performed; • economic weakness or uncertainty; • labor availability and productivity; • availability of key components; • our market share; and • changes in the size, scope, or volume of work performed. During both 2024 and 2025, due primarily to our discontinuation of installation services as a towers product offering previously announced in July 2023, services and other revenues decreased by 54% and 49%, respectively, when compared to year ended December 31, 2023. We continue to offer site development services on our towers. See note 17 to our consolidated financial statements and "Item 7. MD&A—General Overview—Highlights of Business Fundamentals and Results" for further discussion of our 2023 Restructuring Plan, which included discontinuing installation services as a towers product offering. As a result of competition in our industry, we may find it more difficult to negotiate favorable rates on our new or renewing tenant contracts. Our growth is dependent on our entering into new tenant contracts (including amendments to tenant contracts upon modification of existing towers, small cells or fiber), as well as renewing or renegotiating tenant contracts when existing tenant contracts terminate. Competition in our industry may make it more difficult for us to attract new tenants, maintain or increase our gross margins, or maintain or increase our market share. In addition, competition (primarily in our fiber solutions business) may, in certain circumstances, cause us to renegotiate certain existing tenant contracts to avoid early contract terminations. We face competition for site rental tenants and associated contractual rates from various sources, including (1) other independent communications infrastructure owners or operators, including those that own, operate, or manage towers, rooftops, broadcast or transmission towers, utility poles, fiber (including non-traditional competitors such as cable providers) or small cells, (2) tenants who elect to self-perform and (3) new alternative deployment methods for communications infrastructure. Our Fiber business generally has different competitors than those in our Towers business, including other owners of fiber, as well as new entrants into small cells and fiber solutions, some of which may have larger networks, greater financial resources or more experience in managing such assets than we have. The level of non-renewals associated with fiber solutions is generally higher than that of Towers and small cells. New wireless technologies may not deploy or be adopted by tenants as rapidly or in the manner projected. There can be no assurances that new wireless services or technologies, which may drive demand for our communications infrastructure, will be introduced or deployed as rapidly or in the manner projected by the wireless carriers. In addition, demand or tenant adoption rates for such new technologies may be lower or slower than anticipated for numerous reasons. As a result, growth opportunities or demand for our communications infrastructure arising from such technologies may not be realized at the times or to the extent anticipated. If radio frequency emissions from wireless handsets or equipment on our communications infrastructure are demonstrated to cause negative health effects, potential future claims could adversely affect our operations, costs or revenues. The potential connection between radio frequency emissions and certain negative health effects, including some forms of cancer, has been the subject of substantial study by the scientific community in recent years. We cannot guarantee that claims relating to radio frequency emissions will not arise in the future or that the results of such studies will not be adverse to us. Public perception of possible health risks associated with cellular or other wireless connectivity services and wireless technologies (such as 5G) may slow or diminish the growth of wireless companies and deployment of new wireless technologies, which may in turn slow or diminish our growth. In particular, negative public perception of, and regulations regarding, these perceived health risks may slow or diminish the market acceptance of wireless services and technologies. If a connection between radio frequency emissions and possible negative health effects were established, our operations, costs, or revenues may be materially and adversely affected. We currently do not maintain any significant insurance with respect to these matters. Cybersecurity breaches or other information technology disruptions could adversely affect our operations, business, and reputation. Despite existing security measures, certain of our information technology and communications infrastructure may be subject to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to unauthorized access, computer viruses, ransomware or other malicious software, cyber-attacks and other security breaches. In addition, integration and adoption of artificial intelligence and machine learning ("AI") into our business may pose new information security risks and challenges. The increased prevalence of AI may 19 also heighten cybersecurity and data protection risks. AI-enabled systems, as well as AI-driven techniques used by threat actors, may increase the sophistication, scale, frequency, and speed of cyberattacks targeting our information technology systems, operational technology, or sensitive data. Further, our reliance on cloud- or internet-based services and on remote access to information systems increases our exposure to potential cybersecurity incidents. An attack attempt or security breach, such as a distributed denial of service attack, could potentially result in (1) interruption or cessation of certain of our services to our tenants or access by our tenants to certain of our information technology systems, (2) our inability to meet expected levels of service to our tenants, (3) data transmitted over our tenants' networks being compromised or misappropriated, or (4) business or other sensitive data being compromised, misappropriated or lost. Although we believe we have a comprehensive incident response plan and other cybersecurity measures and policies in place, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will not be circumvented, resulting in tenant network failures or interruptions that could impact our tenants' network availability and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operational results. Additionally, security incidents impacting our tenants, vendors and business partners could result in a material adverse effect on our business. We may be required to expend significant resources to protect against or recover from such threats. If an actual or perceived breach of our cybersecurity or information technology, or that of our cloud- or internet-based service providers, occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed, and we could lose tenants. Further, the perpetrators of cyber-attacks are not restricted to particular groups or persons. These threats can arise from external parties, such as cyber terrorists or nation-state actors, as well as insiders, such as our employees or contractors, who knowingly or unknowingly engage in or enable malicious cyber activities. In addition, our acquisitions and divestitures, both past and future, may alter our potential exposure to the risks described above. While we maintain insurance that includes coverage in the event of cybersecurity or other information technology breaches, there can be no assurances that such coverage will be adequate to cover exposure from such incidents. If we do not continue to make appropriate investments in, and effectively implement and maintain, our information technology systems and digital capabilities, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Our business relies on information technology ("IT") systems to support key operational, commercial, and financial processes, including site and asset management, leasing and contract administration, billing and collections, construction and supply chain activities, regulatory compliance, and financial reporting. Our industry continues to experience increasing operational complexity and growing reliance on digital tools, automation, data analytics, and integrated systems, including the use of artificial intelligence. We continue to seek to drive organizational improvement through digital transformation initiatives and modernizing our legacy IT systems. If we do not invest in modernizing our IT systems or fail to effectively execute our digital transformation initiatives, we may experience operational inefficiencies, higher operating costs, reduced scalability, and limitations on our ability to respond to customer requirements or support deployment activity. In addition, reliance on legacy or fragmented systems may affect data accuracy, system reliability, and management’s ability to obtain timely and actionable information. Some of our IT and digital initiatives require significant investment, which can be complex and are subject to risks, including implementation delays, cost overruns, integration challenges, and disruption to ongoing operations. Even when successfully implemented, such systems may not deliver anticipated benefits or may require ongoing investment to remain effective as technologies, customer expectations, and industry practices evolve. If our competitors or customers adopt advanced digital capabilities more quickly than we do, we could be at a competitive disadvantage. Any failure to effectively invest in or execute our IT and digital initiatives could adversely affect our operational performance, financial results, and ability to execute our business strategy. Our business may be adversely impacted by climate-related events, natural disasters, including wildfires, and other unforeseen events. We could be negatively impacted by unforeseen events, such as extreme weather events or natural disasters (including as a result of any potential effects of climate change), or acts of vandalism. There is increasing concern that global climate change is occurring and could result in increased frequency of certain types of natural disasters and extreme weather events. Although we have implemented a wildfire risk mitigation program, the effects of climate change have increased the risk and extent of wildfires that could potentially result from certain of our construction and maintenance projects and other operating activities. We cannot predict with certainty the rate at which climate change is occurring or the potential direct or indirect impacts of climate change to our business. Any such unforeseen events could, among other things, damage or delay deployment of our communications infrastructure, interrupt or delay service to our tenants or could result in legal claims or penalties, regulatory actio
[...TRUNCATED...]