TICKER=CCL|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CCL_2026-01-27.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in this Form 10-K. 21 Item 1A. Risk Factors . You should carefully consider the following discussion of material factors, events and uncertainties that make an investment in the company’s securities risky and provide important information for the understanding of the “forward-looking” statements discussed in this Form 10-K and elsewhere. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with other information in this Form 10-K. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could have a material adverse effect on the company’s business, financial condition, operating results and stock price. These risk factors do not identify all risks that the company faces; operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to the company or that the company currently does not consider to present material risks to its operations. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past and reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. Some of the statements in this item and elsewhere in this document are “forward-looking statements.” For a discussion of those statements and of other factors to consider see the “Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results” section. The ordering and lettering of the risk factors set forth below is not intended to reflect any company indication of priority or likelihood. Operational Risk Factors a. Events and conditions around the world, including geopolitical uncertainty, war and other military actions, pandemics, inflation, higher interest rates and other general concerns impacting the ability or desire of people to travel could lead to a decline in demand for cruises as well as have significant negative impacts on our financial condition and operations. We have been, and may continue to be, impacted by the public’s concerns regarding the health, safety and security of travel, including pandemics, government travel advisories and travel restrictions, political instability and civil unrest, terrorist attacks, war and military action and other general concerns. The resulting impacts of these events, including a pause of our guest cruise operations, supply chain disruptions, impact on demand for cruises to neighboring regions and international sanctions and other measures that have been imposed, have significantly adversely affected, and may in the future significantly adversely affect, our business. These factors may also have the effect of heightening many other risks to our business, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Additionally, we have been, and may continue to be, impacted by heightened regulations around customs and border control, travel bans to and from certain geographical areas, voluntary changes to our itineraries in light of geopolitical events, government policies increasing the difficulty of travel and limitations on issuing international travel visas. We may be impacted by adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, such as inflation, global or regional recessions, higher unemployment and underemployment rates and declines in income levels. b. Incidents concerning our ships, guests or the cruise industry may negatively impact the satisfaction of our guests and crew and lead to reputational damage. Our operations involve the risk of incidents and media coverage thereof. Such incidents include, but are not limited to, the improper operation or maintenance of ships, motorcoaches and trains; guest and crew illnesses; mechanical failures, fires and collisions; repair delays, groundings and navigational errors; oil spills and other maritime and environmental issues as well as other incidents at sea, while in port or on land, which have in the past and may in the future generate negative publicity or cause voyage disruptions or changes in itineraries, guest and crew discomfort, injury, or death. Additionally, with the increased use of artificial intelligence (“AI”) and social media, adverse publicity, even if unfounded, has been and can continue to be disseminated quickly and broadly without context, making it increasingly difficult for us to effectively respond. Although our commitment to the safety and comfort of our guests and crew is paramount to the success of our business, our ships have been involved in outbreaks, accidents and other incidents in the past and we may experience similar or other incidents in the future. Our ability to attract and retain the loyalty of our guests, our ability to hire and the amounts we must pay our crew depend, in part, upon the perception and reputation of our company and our brands and the public’s concerns regarding the health and safety of travel generally, as well as the cruising industry and our ships specifically. In addition, these and any other events which impact the travel industry more generally may negatively impact our guests’ and/or crew’s ability or desire to travel to or from our ships and/or interrupt the supply of critical goods and services. 22 c. Adverse weather conditions or an increase in the frequency and/or severity of adverse weather conditions could have a material impact on our business and results of operations. Our cruise ships, hotels, land tours, port destinations and exclusive islands, shore excursions and our guest source markets have been and may continue to be impacted by adverse weather or other natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, typhoons and volcanic eruptions. For example, adverse weather or other natural disasters have impacted and may in the future impact the sourcing of our guests from affected regions. In addition, the reliability of air transportation, which our guests depend on to transport them to or from the airports near the ports where our cruises embark and disembark have been and may continue to be impacted by adverse weather events. The frequency and intensity of certain adverse weather patterns may also increase in the future. The increased hurricane/typhoon intensity and frequency, as well as changes in global temperatures and sea levels, may adversely impact our shoreside facilities, our investments in port destinations and exclusive islands or the availability or desirability of ports and destinations in which we operate. We have been forced to, and in the future may be forced to, alter itineraries, including diverting from our port destinations and exclusive islands, or cancel a cruise or a series of cruises or tours due to these or other types of disruptions. Additionally, our increasing itineraries and investments in port destinations and exclusive islands in the Caribbean region may further expose us to adverse weather conditions. These effects may also disrupt the supply of critical goods and services to our facilities and ships. Any of these events could have a material impact on our business and profitability. d. Our targets, goals, aspirations, initiatives, public statements and disclosures, including those related to sustainability matters, may expose us to risks that may adversely impact our business. We have developed and will continue to establish targets, goals, aspirations, and other objectives, including those related to sustainability matters (“sustainability objectives”), which reflect our current plans and do not constitute a guarantee that they will be achieved. Our efforts to research, establish, develop methodologies and timelines, accomplish, and accurately report on our sustainability objectives expose us to numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks, any of which could have a negative impact on our business. Our ability to achieve any of our stated sustainability objectives, particularly with respect to our environmental emissions aspirations, is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such factors include the availability and costs of low- or non-GHG emission energy sources and technology that do not yet exist at scale for our industry, evolving regulatory requirements affecting sustainability standards or disclosures, the availability of future financing and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability standards. Certain sustainability and emissions-related actions and investments we make today may not lead us to achieving our intended future goals or may not be favorably perceived in future years based on continuing evolving regulations and perceptions around effective emissions mitigation strategies and technologies. e. Cybersecurity incidents and data privacy breaches, as well as disruptions and other damages to our principal and other offices, information technology operations and system networks and failure to keep pace with developments in technology may adversely impact our business operations, the satisfaction of our guests and crew and may lead to fines, penalties and reputational damage. We have been and may continue to be impacted by cybersecurity incidents and data privacy breaches, which occur from time to time. These malicious attacks can vary in scope and aim to disrupt or compromise our shoreside and shipboard operations by targeting our key operating systems or those of our third-party service providers. Breach or circumvention of our systems or the systems of third parties, including by ransomware or malware, through vulnerabilities in licensed software or hardware, AI impersonation, targeted and coordinated attacks of our systems, or as a result of other attacks, have led to and may continue to lead to disruptions in our business operations; unauthorized access to (or the loss of company access to) competitively sensitive, confidential or other critical data (including sensitive financial, medical or other personal or business information) or systems; loss of customers; financial losses; regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, fines and penalties; litigation; reputational damage; and misuse or corruption of critical data and proprietary information, any of which could be material. The sophistication of these attacks has continued to increase in recent years and the rapid evolution and growing adoption of AI technologies by various threat actors may enhance their ability to conduct attacks which are more difficult to prevent, detect or remediate. Additionally, integrating AI into our operations may increase our cybersecurity and data privacy risks. We also have and may continue to rely on third parties in helping us manage our cybersecurity risk management processes. Any measures that we take and such third parties take to avoid, detect, mitigate or recover from material cybersecurity threats or incidents can be expensive, and may be insufficient, circumvented, or may become ineffective. 23 Our physical work locations, including those that house our information technology operations, system networks and various other remote locations may be impacted by actual or threatened natural disasters (for example, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, fires, tornadoes, tsunamis and typhoons) or other disruptive events. Our maritime and/or shoreside operations, including our ability to manage our inventory of cabins held for sale and set pricing, control costs and serve our guests, depends on the reliability of our information technology operations and system networks, as well as our ability to refine and update to more advanced systems and technologies. In addition, we may be unable to obtain appropriate technology in a timely manner or at all or we may incur significant costs in doing so. A failure to adopt the appropriate technology, including AI, or a failure, disruption or obsolescence in the technology that we do adopt, could have adverse effects on our business. f. Our debt requires a significant amount of cash to service and our ability to generate sufficient cash depends on many factors, some of which may be beyond our control. Our financial condition and operations could be adversely impacted if we are unable to service our debt or satisfy our covenants. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations depends on our future operating and financial performance and our ability to generate cash. This will be affected by our ability to successfully continue to execute on our business strategy and by general economic, financial, geopolitical, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. If we cannot generate sufficient cash to meet our debt service obligations, we may not be able to satisfy our obligations or refinance such obligations on attractive terms, or at all. If we breach the covenants or restrictions in our debt instruments, we could trigger a default under the terms of certain of our debt instruments. If that occurs, we may be required to seek covenant amendments or the relevant creditors could elect to declare the debt due and payable (or cancel any unfunded commitments, if applicable) and proceed against the collateral, if any, securing that debt. Borrowings under our other debt instruments that contain cross-default provisions may also be accelerated or become payable on demand, and our assets may not be sufficient to repay such indebtedness in full. Despite our leverage, we may incur more debt in the future. g. Increases in fuel costs, changes in the types of fuel consumed and availability of fuel supply may adversely impact our scheduled itineraries and costs. We have been and may continue to be impacted by economic, market and political conditions around the world, regulatory requirements including emissions-related regulations, supply disruptions and related infrastructure needs, which make it difficult to predict the future cost and availability of fuel. The supply and availability of different fuel types in various markets in which we operate have in the past and may in the future experience increased volatility and lead to increased fuel costs and reduced profitability. Emission penalties and the costs of compliant fuels may also increase our energy costs. Future increases in the global price of fuel would increase the cost of our cruise ship operations as well as some of our other expenses, such as crew travel, freight and commodity prices. Increases in airfares, such as those resulting from increases in the cost of fuel, have in the past and may in the future increase our guests’ overall vacation costs and reduce demand for cruises, as many of our guests depend on airlines to transport them to or from the airports near the ports where our cruises embark and disembark. Refer to Compliance and Regulatory Risk Factor “b.” for additional discussion on emissions-related regulation changes on fuel costs. h. The loss of key team members, our inability to recruit or retain qualified shoreside and shipboard team members and increased labor costs could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our success depends, in large part, on the skills and contributions of our team members, and on our ability to recruit, develop and retain high quality team members. We may not be successful in recruiting, developing or retaining key or other highly qualified team members. At times we have, and may in the future continue to, experience difficulty in hiring sufficient qualified team members, due to general macroeconomic factors, regulatory changes and/or increasingly competitive labor markets. In addition, we hire a significant number of qualified shipboard team members each year and, thus, our ability to adequately recruit, develop and retain these individuals is important to our success. Incidents involving cruise ships, including disease outbreaks on our ships and increasing demand as a result of the industry’s projected growth could negatively impact our ability to recruit, develop and retain sufficient qualified shipboard team members. 24 i. We rely on suppliers who are integral to the operations of our businesses. These suppliers and service providers may be unable to deliver on their commitments, which could negatively impact our business. We rely on suppliers to deliver key products and services to the operations of our businesses around the world. Any event impacting a supplier’s ability to deliver quality goods and services at the location and time needed could negatively impact our ability to operate our business. Events impacting our supply chain could be caused by factors beyond the control of our suppliers or us, including labor actions, increased demand, problems in production or distribution and/or disruptions in third-party logistics, information technology or transportation systems. In addition, global events in recent years have resulted in widespread global supply chain disruptions to suppliers including critical supply chain shortages, labor shortages, significant material cost inflation and extended lead times for items that are required for our operations. Any such interruptions to our supply chain could increase our costs and could limit the availability of products critical to our operations. j. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely impact our financial results. We earn revenues, pay expenses, purchase and own assets and incur liabilities in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Additionally, our shipbuilding contracts are typically denominated in euros. Movements in foreign currency exchange rates, which at times have been volatile, will affect our financial results. k. Our investments in port destinations and exclusive islands may expose us to additional risks. We continue to invest in expanding and enhancing our portfolio of port destinations and exclusive islands, which could increase our exposure to certain risks. These risks include susceptibility to weather events, exposure to local political/regulatory developments and policies, logistical challenges, human resource and labor risks, safety, environmental and health risks. l. Overcapacity and competition in the cruise and land-based vacation industry may negatively impact our cruise sales, pricing and destination options. We have been and may in the future be impacted by increases in capacity in the cruise and land-based vacation industry, which may result in capacity growth beyond demand, either globally or for a region, or for a particular itinerary. We face competition from other cruise brands on the basis of overall experience, destinations, types and sizes of ships and cabins, travel agent partner preferences and value. In addition, we may fail to sufficiently invest in or upgrade our existing cruise ships and other assets to meet the expectations of current and potential guests. We also compete with land-based vacation alternatives throughout the world on the basis of overall experience, destinations and value. In addition, certain ports and destinations have faced a surge of both cruise and non-cruise tourism and in certain destinations, countermeasures to limit the number of tourists have been proposed or contemplated and/or put into effect, including limits on cruise ships and cruise guests. Potential restrictions in ports and destinations could limit the itinerary and destination options we can offer our guests going forward. Additionally, certain ports have increased or are proposing to increase cruise related fees and taxes which may impact our profitability. m. Inability to implement our shipbuilding programs and ship repairs, maintenance and refurbishments may adversely impact our business operations and the satisfaction of our guests. There are a limited number of shipyards with the capability and capacity to build, repair, maintain and/or upgrade our ships, which may limit our ability to meet our capacity growth or ship refurbishment objectives. In addition, we have in the past and may in the future be impacted by unforeseen events, such as work stoppages, supply chain issues, insolvencies, “force majeure” events or other financial difficulties experienced by shipyards, their subcontractors and our suppliers. This may result in less shipyard availability resulting in delays or preventing the delivery of our ships under construction and/or the completion of the repair, maintenance or refurbishment of our existing ships. This may lead to potential delays or cancellations of cruises. Additionally, the prices of various commodities that are used in the construction of ships and for repair, maintenance and refurbishment of existing ships, such as steel, are subject to volatility which may increase our costs. 25 Compliance and Regulatory Risk Factors a. Changes in and non-compliance with laws and regulations under which we operate, such as those relating to health, environment, safety and security, data privacy and protection, anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, economic sanctions, trade protection measures, labor and employment, and tax may be costly and lead to litigation, enforcement actions, fines, penalties and reputational damage. We are subject to numerous international, national, state and local laws, regulations, treaties and other legal requirements that govern health, environmental, safety and security matters in relation to our guests, crew and ships. These requirements change regularly, depending on the itineraries of our ships and the ports and countries visited. Implementing these and any subsequent requirements have been and may in the future continue to be costly and take time to implement across our global cruise operations. In addition, the pace of regulatory changes may affect our ability to comply in the future. If we violate or fail to comply with any of these laws, regulations, treaties and other requirements we could be, and have previously been, fined, placed on probation or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. In addition, the global focus on sustainability and the impact of GHG and other emissions on the environment may lead to additional regulatory requirements, refer to Compliance and Regulatory Risk Factor “b.” below for additional discussion. In the course of doing business, we collect guest, team member, company and other third-party data, including personal and other sensitive data. We are subject to laws and requirements related to the treatment and protection of personal, sensitive and/or other regulated data in the jurisdictions where we operate. Various governments, agencies and regulatory organizations have enacted or are considering new rules and regulations and we expect to continue to incur costs to comply with these rules and regulations. Our operations subject us to potential liability under anti-money laundering and anti-corruption laws and regulations. We may also be affected by economic sanctions, trade protection measures, policies and other regulatory requirements affecting trade and investment. We are subject to compliance with tax laws, regulations and treaties in the jurisdictions in which we are incorporated or operate. These tax laws, regulations and treaties are subject to change at any time, which may result in substantially higher tax expense. Other changes in domestic and international tax rules and regulations and their application could also alter our tax obligations. b. Factors associated with sustainability and the impact of GHG and other emissions on the environment could have a material impact on our business and operating results. Concerns and regulatory focus on sustainability and the impact of GHG and other emissions on the environment have impacted us and may in the future have material impacts on our business and operating results. Sustainability, environmental and emissions-related regulatory activity and developments that require us to reduce our emissions, which includes EU and UK regulations and the IMO Strategy, have impacted us and may in the future have a material impact on our business and financial results by requiring us to make capital investments in new equipment or technologies, pay for emission allowances, purchase carbon offset credits, or otherwise incur additional costs or take additional actions related to our emissions. Such activity has impacted and may continue to impact us indirectly by increasing our operating costs, including fuel costs. Regulatory developments may also result in the inability to operate ships that do not meet certain standards, impact the resale value of our ships in the future, restrict or limit our access to certain destinations and/or countries or impact our freedom to operate. Regulatory efforts, both internationally and in the U.S., are evolving and we cannot determine what final regulations will be enacted, modified, reversed or whether there will be international alignment or divergence of such efforts, or what their ultimate impact on our business will be. Refer to XVIII. Governmental and Other Regulations for additional discussion of recent developments related to Maritime Regulations, Greenhouse Gas Emissions, and EU and UK Regulations. Our business has faced and may in the future continue to face increased scrutiny from our guests, our team members, the investment community, media (including social media), governments, regulators, destinations and other parties related to our sustainability and environmental activities. If our sustainability practices do not meet, are adverse to, or are perceived to diverge from the expectations of our guests, team members, investors or other stakeholders, the demand for cruising, our reputation, our ability to attract or retain team members as well as our attractiveness as an investment could be negatively impacted. In addition, some environmental focused groups have and may continue to generate negative publicity regarding the environmental impact of the cruise industry and are advocating for more stringent oversight and regulation of our industry, including ship emissions while the ship is docked and at sea. At the same time, we may also face negative impacts from those who do not support sustainability-related initiatives or concerns or disagree with our actual or perceived initiatives or positions, or lack of thereof, on various sustainability, environmental, political, social, governance, or other issues. Evolving views among consumers about the impact of GHG and other emissions on the environment may also lead to changes in consumer preferences. 26 c. We may not successfully complete the proposed unification of our DLC structure and the migration of Carnival Corporation’s legal incorporation to Bermuda, or, if we do, we may not realize the anticipated benefits and will be subject to Bermuda law, which differs in some respects compared to our current jurisdictions. In December 2025, we announced that our Boards of Directors recommended unifying our DLC structure under a single company, Carnival Corporation, with Carnival plc as its wholly-owned UK subsidiary (the “DLC Unification”). Additionally, they proposed migrating Carnival Corporation from the Republic of Panama, where Carnival Corporation is currently domiciled, to Bermuda under the name “Carnival Corporation Ltd.” (the “Redomiciliation”). We believe that the DLC Unification and Redomiciliation will provide various benefits to us and our shareholders. However, we may not realize all the anticipated benefits, and the extent, timing and magnitude of any such benefits is uncertain. Completion of the DLC Unification and Redomiciliation is conditioned upon, among other things, the receipt of shareholder approvals, the necessary approval by the relevant court and the receipt of certain antitrust and other regulatory approvals. If the DLC Unification and Redomiciliation are not completed, we will not realize the benefits we anticipate from the DLC Unification and Redomiciliation and we would continue operating under our existing DLC structure. Negative publicity resulting from the Redomiciliation could adversely affect our business and the market price of our shares. Redomiciliation transactions that have been undertaken by other companies have in some cases generated significant news coverage, some of which has been negative. Negative publicity could cause some of our shareholders to sell their shares or decrease the demand for new investors to purchase such shares, which could have an adverse impact on the price of our securities. If the DLC Unification and Redomiciliation are completed, Carnival Corporation will become a Bermuda exempted company and Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc shareholders will become shareholders of Bermuda-incorporated Carnival Corporation Ltd. Bermuda law differs from the laws in effect in England and Wales, Carnival plc’s jurisdiction of incorporation, as well as Panama, Carnival Corporation’s current jurisdiction of incorporation. In certain circumstances, the laws of Bermuda may offer shareholders different protections than the laws of England and Wales or the laws of Panama. There are also differences between the existing organizational documents of Carnival plc and Carnival Corporation and the proposed organizational documents of Carnival Corporation Ltd. that will be in effect upon the completion of the DLC Unification and Redomiciliation. 