TICKER=CDNS|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CDNS_2026-02-19.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in the sections below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, growth prospects, demand for our products and services, reputation and the trading price of our common stock, and make an investment in us speculative or risky. The following does not summarize all of the risks that we face, and there may be additional risks or uncertainties that are currently unknown or not believed to be material that occur or become material. Risk Factors Summary Business and Operational Risks • We have experienced varied operating results, and our operating results for any particular fiscal period are affected by the timing of revenue recognition, particularly for our hardware, IP and certain software products. • The growth of our business depends primarily on the semiconductor and electronics systems industries. • Uncertainty in the global economy and instability within international relations, including changes in governmental policies relating to technology, may negatively affect our business and reduce our bookings levels and revenue. • We are subject to governmental export and import controls that subject us to liability and impair our ability to compete in global markets as well as a variety of other laws and regulations. • As we continue to acquire and invest in companies or technologies, we may not realize the expected business or financial benefits and these acquisitions could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results and the market value of our common stock. • We could suffer serious harm to our business because of the infringement or misappropriation of our IP rights by third parties. • Our success is highly dependent upon the legal protection of our proprietary technology, as well as software and other IP rights licensed to us by third parties, and we cannot assure that the precautions taken to protect our rights will be adequate or that we will continue to be able to adequately secure such IP rights from third parties. • We may not realize opportunities presented by AI and may incur reputational and financial harm and liability as a result of issues relating to the management and governance of our use of AI. • Cyberattacks that compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our or our third-party providers’ information technology systems or confidential information could materially harm our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. • Any actual or perceived failure to comply with new or existing laws, regulations and other requirements relating to the privacy, security, processing and cross-border transfer of Personal Information (as defined below) could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • We rely on third-party data center providers and any disruption in the operations of these third-party providers, limitations on capacity or interference with our use could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Doing business with the public sector and heavily-regulated entities subjects us to risks related to government procurement processes, regulations and contracting requirements. • Risks associated with our international operations could adversely impact our financial condition. • The effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuations may adversely impact our revenue, expenses, cash flows and financial condition. • We depend upon our management team and qualified employees, and our failure to attract, train, motivate and retain them may make us less competitive and therefore harm our results of operations. • A significant portion of our cash is held and generated outside of the United States, and if our cash available in the United States is insufficient to meet our requirements in the United States, we may be required to raise cash in ways that could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and the market price of our common stock. • The investment of our cash is subject to risks that may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these investments. • The long sales cycle of our products and services may cause our operating results to fluctuate unexpectedly. • We have incurred, and may in the future incur, substantial costs in connection with restructuring plans, which might not result in the benefits we anticipate, possibly having a negative effect on our future operating results. • Our business is subject to the risk of natural disasters, global climate change and other catastrophic events. 12 Table of Contents Risks Related to Customers, Suppliers and Industry Competition • Customer consolidation could affect our operating results. • Our failure to respond quickly to technological developments or customers’ increasing technological requirements and to continue to develop or acquire technological capabilities could make our products uncompetitive and obsolete and impede our ability to address the requirements in technology segments that are expected to contribute to our growth. • Our investment in research and development of new and existing products, technologies and services may affect our operating results, and our return on investment may be lower or develop more slowly than expected. • Our operating results and revenue could be adversely affected by customer payment delays, customer bankruptcies and defaults, modifications or non-renewals of licenses. • The competition in our industries is substantial, and we may not be able to continue to compete successfully. • Our future revenue is dependent in part upon our installed customer base continuing to license or buy products and purchase services. • We depend on a single supplier or a limited number of suppliers for certain hardware components and contract manufacturers for production of our hardware products, making us vulnerable to supply disruption and price fluctuation. Tax, Regulatory and Litigation Risks • Our results could be adversely affected by an increase in our effective tax rate as a result of U.S. and foreign tax law changes, outcomes of current or future tax examinations, or by material differences between our forecasted and actual effective tax rates. • Litigation, government investigations or regulatory proceedings could adversely affect our financial condition and operations. • Errors, defects or other issues with our products and services could expose us to liability and harm our business. • Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in United States generally accepted accounting principles, and we may incur significant costs to adjust our accounting systems and processes to comply with significant changes. • If we become subject to unfair hiring claims, we could be prevented from hiring needed employees, incur liability for damages and incur substantial costs in defending ourselves. • We are subject to evolving corporate governance, environmental and social practices and public disclosure expectations and regulations that impact compliance costs and risks of noncompliance. Risks Related to Our Securities and Indebtedness • Our stock price has been and may continue to be subject to fluctuations. • The amount and frequency of our share repurchases may fluctuate, and we cannot guarantee that we will fully consummate our share repurchase authorization, or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our common stock and diminish our cash reserves. • Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and certain provisions under Delaware law could prevent an acquisition of our company or limit the price that investors might be willing to pay for our common stock. • Our bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain disputes between us and our stockholders. • Our debt obligations expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and could prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under such indebtedness. • At the option of the holders of our outstanding notes, we may, under certain circumstances, be required to repurchase such notes. • The terms of our debt agreements restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. • We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. • Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. • Various factors could increase our future borrowing costs or reduce our access to capital, including a lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to us and our Senior Notes by credit rating agencies. 13 Table of Contents Business and Operational Risks We have experienced varied operating results, and our operating results for any particular fiscal period are affected by the timing of revenue recognition, particularly for our hardware, IP and certain software products. Historical results of operations should not be viewed as reliable indicators of our future performance. Various factors affect our operating results, and some of them are not within our control. Our operating results for any period are affected by the mix of products and services sold in a given period and the timing of revenue recognition, particularly for our hardware, IP and certain software products for which revenue is recognized at a point in time rather than over time. In addition, we have recorded net losses in the past and may record net losses in the future. Also, our cash flows from operating activities have and will continue to fluctuate due to a number of factors, including the timing of our billings, collections, disbursements and tax payments. A substantial portion of our software licenses yield revenue recognized over time, which may make it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue in future fiscal periods and means that a decrease in orders in a given period would negatively affect our revenue in future periods. A substantial portion of the product revenue related to our hardware and IP, and to a lesser extent certain software, is recognized upon delivery, and our forecasted revenue results are based, in part, on our expectations of these products to be delivered in a particular quarter. Therefore, changes in bookings or deliveries for these products, relative to expectations, will have a more immediate impact on our revenue than changes in the majority of our time-based software or services bookings, for which revenue is generally recognized over time. Revenue related to our hardware and IP products is inherently difficult to predict because sales of our hardware and IP products depend on the commencement of new projects for the design and development of complex ICs and systems by our customers, our customers’ willingness to expend capital to deploy our new and existing hardware or IP products in those projects and the availability of our new and existing hardware or IP products for delivery. Therefore, our hardware or IP sales may be delayed or may decrease if our customers delay or cancel projects because their spending is constrained or if there are problems or delays with the supply, delivery or installation of our hardware or IP products or our hardware suppliers. Moreover, the market environment for hardware and IP is highly competitive, and our customers may choose to purchase a competitor’s hardware or IP product based on cost, performance or other factors. These factors may result in lower revenue, which would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. As we continue to expand our IP offerings, a portion of the revenue related to our IP bookings will be deferred until we complete and deliver the licensed IP to our customers. As a result, costs related to the research and development of IP may be incurred prior to the recognition of the related revenue. We plan our operating expenses based on forecasted revenue, expected business needs and other factors such as inflation. These expenses and the effect of long-term commitments are relatively fixed in the short term. Bookings and the related revenue are harder to forecast in a difficult economic environment. If we experience a shortfall in bookings, our operating results could differ from our expectations because we may not be able to quickly reduce our expenses in response to short-term business changes. Our operating expenses are also impacted by economic conditions, such as inflation. Unexpected increases in inflation could cause our expenses to increase at a rate faster than our product pricing to recover such increases. The methods, estimates and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on our results of operations (see “Critical Accounting Estimates” under Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”). Such methods, estimates and judgments are subject to substantial risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and factors may arise over time that may lead us to change our methods, estimates and judgments. Changes in those methods, estimates and judgments could significantly affect our results of operations. The growth of our business depends primarily on the semiconductor and electronics systems industries. Purchases of our products and services are dependent upon the commencement of new design projects by semiconductor and electronics systems companies. The semiconductor and electronics systems industries are cyclical and are characterized by constant and rapid technological change, product obsolescence and price erosion, evolving standards, short product life cycles and wide fluctuations in product supply and demand. The semiconductor and electronics systems industries have also experienced significant downturns in connection with, or in anticipation of, maturing product cycles of both these industries’ and their customers’ products. The increasing complexity of designs of semiconductors and electronic systems and customers’ concerns about managing costs have previously led to, and in the future could lead to, a decrease in design starts and design activity in general. For example, in response to this increasing complexity, some customers have chosen to focus on one discrete phase of the design process or opt for less advanced, but less risky, manufacturing processes that may not require the most advanced EDA products. If growth in the semiconductor and electronics systems industries slows or stalls, then demand for our products and services could decrease and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Additionally, as the EDA industry has matured, stronger competition has emerged from companies better able to compete as sole source vendors. This increased competition could cause our revenue growth rate to decline and exert downward pressure on our operating margins, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 14 Table of Contents Furthermore, the semiconductor and electronics systems industries have become increasingly complex and interconnected ecosystems. Many of our customers outsource the manufacturing of their semiconductor designs to foundries. Our customers also frequently incorporate third-party IP, whether provided by us or other vendors, into their designs to improve the efficiency of their design process. We work closely with major foundries to help ensure that our products are compatible with their manufacturing processes. Similarly, we work closely with other major providers of semiconductor IP, particularly microprocessor IP, to optimize our EDA products for use with their IP designs and to help ensure that their IP and our own IP products work effectively together, as we may each provide for the design of separate components on the same chip. If we fail to optimize our products for use with major foundries’ manufacturing processes or major IP providers’ products, or if our access to such foundry processes or third-party IP products is hampered, then our products and services may become less desirable to our customers, resulting in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Uncertainty in the global economy and instability within international relations, including changes in governmental policies relating to technology, may negatively affect our business and reduce our bookings levels and revenue. Uncertainty caused by challenging global political and economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, bank failures, government deficit concerns, government shutdowns or political stalemates, geopolitical conflicts and other adverse changes to international relationships among countries in which we or our customers operate or do business, protectionist measures or decline in corporate or consumer spending could negatively impact our customers’ businesses, reducing the number of new chip designs and their overall research and development spending, including their spending on our products and services, and as a result decrease demand for our products and services. Adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other third parties, such as bank failures and failure by the U.S. Congress to increase the U.S. federal debt ceiling on a timely basis, or concerns or speculation about any similar events or risks, have led and could lead to further credit downgrades and market-wide liquidity problems, which in turn may cause customers and other third parties to become unable to meet their obligations under various types of financial arrangements as well as general disruptions or instability in the financial markets. Public health emergencies and reactionary measures by governments and businesses have also had, and could in the future have, the effect of curtailing economic activity and causing substantial volatility and disruption in global markets. Decreased bookings for our products and services, customer bankruptcies, consolidation among our customers, or problems or delays with our hardware suppliers or with the supply or delivery of our hardware products could also adversely affect our ability to grow our business or adversely affect our future revenue and financial results. There is inherent risk, based on the complex relationships between certain countries and within regions, that political, diplomatic or military events could result in trade disruptions and other disruptions in the markets and industries we serve and our supply chain. A significant disruption in any area where we or our customers operate or do business could reduce customer demand, make our products and services more expensive or unavailable for customers, increase the cost of our products and services, have a negative impact on customer spending, make our products less competitive, or otherwise have a materially adverse impact on our future revenue and profits, our customers’ and suppliers’ businesses, and our results of operations. In addition, there is currently significant uncertainty in the global economy and the future relationship among the United States and various other countries, caused by increased geopolitical instabilities and changes in global trade policies. For example, the ongoing geopolitical and economic uncertainty between the United States and China, where we conduct business and have derived a substantial percentage of our revenue, the unknown impact of current and future U.S. and Chinese trade regulations, including tariffs and other trade restrictions, and geopolitical risks with respect to Taiwan, which serves as a central hub for the technology industry supply chain, could, directly or indirectly, materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, many of our suppliers, vendors and other entities with whom we do business have strong ties to doing business in China and other countries impacted by recent tariffs and other trade restrictions. Their ability to supply materials to us, buy products or services from us, or otherwise work with us is affected by their ability to do business in impacted countries. Moreover, these tariffs and any other trade restrictions imposed on our suppliers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations through reduced demand for our products and services, cancelled orders, supply chain disruptions, increased transaction costs and increased expenses. Our future business and financial results, including demand for our products and services, are subject to considerable uncertainties that could impact our stock price. Further, political or economic conflicts between various global actors, and responsive measures that have been or could be taken, have created and can further create significant global economic uncertainty that could prolong or expand such conflicts, which could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies and harm our business and operating results. We are subject to governmental export and import controls that subject us to liability and impair our ability to compete in global markets as well as a variety of other laws and regulations. We must comply with the import and export restrictions and regulations and economic sanctions laws of the United States and of certain other countries in selling, providing or shipping our products and transferring our technology outside the United States, to foreign nationals (including foreign nationals within the United States) or across borders. Changes in our products or services, or changes in and continued expansion of these laws and regulations, including new or increased tariffs, trade protection measures, sanctions, trade embargoes and other trade barriers, may create delays in the introduction of our products or services into international markets and prevent our customers from deploying our products or services. In some cases, such changes have prevented and may further prevent the export or import of our products or services to certain countries, governments or persons altogether, or may result in increased costs for us, which could reduce our competitiveness, or for our 15 Table of Contents customers, which could affect their purchasing behaviors. Any decreased use of our products or services or limitation on our ability to export to or sell our products or services in international markets would likely harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, U.S. trade control laws and regulations have been amended over the past several years, including through the imposition of certain export control restrictions concerning advanced node IC production in China, the inclusion of additional Chinese technology companies on BIS “Entity List” and regulations governing the sale and export of certain technologies. If a customer was added to the Entity List or became subject to new or expanded trade restrictions, it could have a negative effect on our ability to sell products and provide services to these customers. In addition, the issuance of new or expanded trade restrictions, such as the continued expansion of the military end-user and military end-use rule, the foreign-direct product rules, or any other rule that prevents or places restrictions on a class of commodities, software or technology from export or re-export to any specific country or countries without a license, could increase our costs or expenses. In addition, as previously disclosed, on May 23, 2025, BIS informed us that a license was required for the export, re-export or in-country transfer of EDA Software and Technology when a party to the transaction is located in China or is a Chinese "military end user" on the "Military End-User List," wherever located. On July 2, 2025, BIS informed us that the license requirements set forth in the May 23, 2025 letter from BIS were rescinded effective immediately. While we have since restored access to EDA Software and Technology for affected customers in accordance with these updated U.S. export regulations, the temporary license requirements negatively impacted our revenue in China during this period. However, in light of continued negotiations between the United States and China, the United States may consider reimposing these or additional restrictions on the export, re-export or in-country transfer of EDA Software and Technology or our other products and services in China in the future. Anticipated or actual changes in trade restrictions could also affect customer purchasing behaviors. Entity List restrictions and other trade restrictions may also encourage customers to seek substitute products from our competitors, including a growing class of foreign competitors and open source alternatives, that are not subject to these restrictions or to develop their own solutions, thereby decreasing our long-term competitiveness. In particular, China’s stated national policy to be a global leader in all segments of the semiconductor industry by 2030 has resulted in and may continue to cause increased competitive capability in China. In addition, although customers on the Entity List are not prohibited from paying (and we are not restricted from collecting) for products we previously delivered to them (in compliance with applicable law), the credit risks associated with outstanding receivables from customers on the Entity List – including receivables from anti-piracy enforcement efforts and litigation settlements – and other trade restrictions could increase. We cannot predict whether or when any additional changes will be made that eliminate or decrease these limitations on our ability to sell products and provide services to these Entity List customers or other customers impacted by other trade restrictions. We are unable to predict the duration of the export restrictions imposed with respect to any particular customer, technology, country or region or the long-term effects on our business or our customers’ businesses. For example, effective September 29, 2025, BIS issued an interim final rule that extended the export restrictions imposed on entities identified on the Entity List or the Military End-User List and certain other sanctioned parties, to entities that are 50% or more owned by one or more of such entities. However, on November 11, 2025, BIS published a one-year suspension of the new rule that is currently set to expire on November 9, 2026, absent a future extension. In addition, there may be indirect impacts to our business which we cannot reasonably quantify, including that certain restrictions, even if not directly applicable to us, may impact our customers' products which may have an adverse effect on demand for our products, or that a country-specific export control may limit or prevent our employees who are nationals of the restricted country from performing their duties unless a license can be obtained. Additionally, our business may also be impacted by other trade restrictions that may be imposed by the United States, China or other countries. For example, the United States and other global actors have imposed economic sanctions on Russia and other entities and individuals as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East. New or increased tariffs and other changes in U.S. trade policy, including new sanctions, have triggered and could continue to trigger retaliatory actions by affected countries. For instance, the United States has increased use of Section 232 trade authorities to impose tariffs on certain commodities, including certain articles of steel, aluminum and copper. In response to these and other U.S. measures, China and other countries have taken a range of retaliatory measures. These include the imposition of retaliatory tariffs on certain U.S.-origin goods; the implementation of new export controls by China on various critical minerals, including rare earths metals; the scheduling of further retaliatory tariff measures; and other actions that may affect us directly or indirectly. The Chinese government has also responded to U.S. actions by adding U.S. companies to an “unreliable entity list,” which limits the ability of listed companies to engage in business with Chinese customers. Failure to obtain import, export or re-export licenses or permits when required or restrictions on trade imposed by the United States or other countries could harm our business by rendering us unable to sell or ship products and transfer our technology outside of the United States or across borders. Delays, uncertainty or an inability to obtain required export licenses in a timely manner, including as a result of government processing backlogs or policy changes, could cause delays in scheduled shipments and may impact our business and customer relationships. In addition, if our customers fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export licenses or permits for re-sale of our products, we may also be adversely affected through reputational harm and penalties and may not be able to provide support related to those items. Although we have implemented risk-based policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to comply with all applicable trade restrictions, from time to time we and governmental authorities inquire into particular transactions. 16 Table of Contents Specifically, as previously disclosed, on July 27, 2025, we reached a settlement with each of BIS and the U.S. Department of Justice ("DOJ") that resolved matters relating to export control violations that occurred between 2015 and 2021 primarily involving sales initiated by a Cadence subsidiary of products and services valued at $45.3 million in total over that period to a customer in China, as well as the subsequent transfer of technology involved in those sales to a third party in China, without the requisite authorization from BIS. As part of the settlements, we entered into a plea agreement with the DOJ pursuant to which we agreed to plead guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit export controls violations. The plea agreement has a three-year probationary term and includes obligations to implement additional export compliance programs and policies, including ongoing reporting and certification requirements and risk assessments, as well as obligations to cooperate in any ongoing or future investigations. In addition, we have entered into an administrative settlement agreement with BIS. Obligations under the administrative settlement agreement include two internal annual audits of our export compliance programs. Compliance with the administrative settlement agreement is a condition to our continued ability to export products. Under the agreements, we paid BIS and the DOJ aggregate net penalties and forfeitures of $140.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2025. Failure to comply with the terms of the plea agreement, the administrative settlement agreement or our probation could result in further criminal, civil, or administrative proceedings or denial of export privileges. Such failure or any resulting further government action could materially and adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, our ongoing obligations under these agreements will generally apply to any new business entities we acquire, which could limit our ability to acquire new businesses that may be strategically important to us, and our continued acquisition and integration of other businesses could increase our risk of a violation. Our ongoing obligations under these agreements will also generally apply to any purchaser of our company or our material business operations, which could deter a potential acquisition of our company. In addition, political, media or other scrutiny surrounding these matters or their outcome could cause significant expense and reputational harm and distract senior executives from managing normal day-to-day operations. Entry into the settlements, including the plea agreement and the administrative settlement agreement, exposes us and our directors, officers and employees to further inquiries or other actions by other governmental authorities, including in China, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to operate and do business in China. We could also face challenges in our future business dealings with government agencies, including the potential for debarment from U.S. government contracts. Any of the foregoing could further materially and adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. The laws and policies of the United States and other countries in this area are evolving and changing, and we have experienced and may continue to experience challenges in complying with new rules as they become effective. The application and interpretation of these laws and policies can also be uncertain and change over time, and we may need to adjust our policies and procedures accordingly. In addition to the matters described above, any further failure or alleged failure to comply with these laws and policies could have negative consequences, including significant legal costs, government investigations, penalties, denial of export privileges and debarment from participation in U.S. government contracts, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition to trade control laws, our global operations are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including those related to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, tax, corporate governance, financial and other disclosures, competition, antitrust, data privacy, data protection, cybersecurity and employment. These laws and regulations are complex and may have differing or conflicting legal standards, making compliance difficult and costly, and changes to these laws, or their interpretations, may require us to make significant changes to our business operations that may adversely affect our business overall. The policies and procedures we have implemented to assist our compliance with these laws and regulations do not provide complete assurance that our employees, contractors, agents or partners will not violate such laws and regulations. Any violation individually or in the aggregate could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. For more information about the import and export restrictions and regulations that we may be subject to, see “Governmental Regulations—Trade” under Item 1 of Part I of this Annual Report. As we continue to acquire and invest in companies or technologies, we may not realize the expected business or financial benefits and these acquisitions could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results and the market value of our common stock. As part of our business strategy, we invest in, and acquire complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies and IP rights, some of which may be material to our financial condition and operating results. We continue to engage in investments and acquisitions and evaluate such opportunities and expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to find and identify desirable investment or acquisition targets, and we may not be successful in entering into an agreement with any particular target. Acquisitions and other transactions, arrangements and investments involve numerous risks and potential operating difficulties and expenditures, including the following, any of which could harm our business or negatively impact our results of operations: • the failure to complete transactions on a timely basis or at all, or to realize, or a delay in realizing, anticipated benefits or synergies, including as a result of any conditions placed upon approvals from governmental authorities; • potential identified or unknown security vulnerabilities in acquired companies, technologies or products that expose us to additional security risks or delay our ability to integrate them; • brand or reputational harm, including due to failure or perceived failure to achieve our publicly disclosed greenhouse gas emissions reduction target due to acquisitions with large greenhouse gas emissions; 17 Table of Contents • the failure to understand, compete and operate effectively in markets where we have limited experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions; • the failure to integrate, combine or manage acquired products, infrastructure, technologies and businesses effectively; • difficulties in integrating and assimilating acquired employees, which may lead to retention risk with respect to both acquired and existing employees and difficulties related to acquired employees represented by labor unions; • the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular economic, currency, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; • diversion of financial resources and management’s attention from day-to-day business; • overlapping customers and product sets that impact our ability to maintain revenue at historical rates; • unanticipated costs, assumed liabilities or challenges in enforcing consistent controls over the acquired business, including those related to an acquired company's disclosure controls and procedures, internal control over financial reporting, cybersecurity, taxes and other compliance programs; • contingent payments in connection with acquisitions in the future; • unwillingness of customers, suppliers or other business partners of an acquired business to continue licensing or do business with us, or delays in such activities; • difficulties managing any strategic investment or collaboration that we do not control or for which we do not have sole decision-making authority; • impairment charges or other adverse accounting outcomes related to acquisitions or strategic investments; • the failure or cessation of operations by entities in which we made strategic investments or collaboration agreements; • the loss of some or all of the value of our investment; • additional stock-based compensation issued or assumed in connection with the acquisition, including the impact on stockholder dilution and our results of operations; and • the tax effects of any such acquisitions including related integration and business operation changes, and assessment of the impact on the realizability of our future tax assets or liabilities In addition, to facilitate acquisitions or investments, we have and may in the future seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, which may affect our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions or investments, and which may affect the risks of owning our common stock. For example, we have and may in the future finance acquisitions or investments by issuing equity or convertible securities, or use such securities as consideration, which have and may in the future cause our existing stockholders to be diluted. We also have and may in the future finance acquisitions or investments through debt financing. Acquisitions or investments may also require the expenditure of substantial cash resources. Acquisitions are also often dilutive to margins and earnings, at least initially. In addition, in certain cases we may be required to consolidate one or more of our strategic investee’s financial results into ours. Fluctuations in any such investee’s financial results, due to general market conditions, bank failures or otherwise, could negatively affect our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or the price of our common stock. Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments or integrate acquired businesses effectively is impacted by geopolitical conflicts, trade tensions and increased global scrutiny of foreign investments and acquisitions and investments in the technology sector. The United States has adopted, or is considering adopting, restrictions on transactions involving foreign investments. For example, the U.S. government implemented an outbound investment review mechanism, effective January 2, 2025, which could limit our ability to pursue investment opportunities outside the United States. These restrictions, which impose certain notification requirements and prohibitions on investments by U.S. persons in sensitive sectors in China, such as semiconductors, quantum information technologies and artificial intelligence systems, may prevent us from capitalizing on opportunities that could otherwise benefit our business and stockholders. In addition, several other countries have also adopted, or are considering adopting, similar restrictions. Further, antitrust authorities in the United States and a number of countries have also reviewed acquisitions and investments in the technology industry with increased scrutiny. Governments may continue to adopt or tighten restrictions of this nature, some of which may apply to acquisitions, investments or integrations of businesses by us, and such restrictions or government actions could negatively impact our business and financial results. We could suffer serious harm to our business because of the infringement or misappropriation of our IP rights by third parties. There are numerous patents relating to our business and ecosystem. New patents are being issued at a rapid rate and are owned by computational software companies as well as entities and individuals outside the computational software field, including parties whose income is primarily derived from infringement-related licensing and litigation. It is not always practicable or possible to determine in advance whether a product or any of its components infringes the patent rights of others. As a result, from time to time, we have been and may continue to be compelled to respond to IP infringement claims to protect our rights or defend a customer’s rights consistent with the terms of our license agreements. 18 Table of Contents IP infringement and misappropriation claims, including contractual defense reimbursement obligations related to third-party claims against our customers, regardless of merit, could consume valuable management time, result in costly litigation or cause product shipment delays, all of which could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. IP claims and litigation have compelled and could in the future compel us to do one or more of the following: • pay damages (including the potential for treble damages), license fees or royalties (including royalties for past periods); • stop licensing products or providing services that use the challenged IP and potentially refund customers; • obtain a license to sell or use the relevant technology, which license may not be available on reasonable terms; or • redesign the challenged technology, which could be time consuming and costly, or impossible. If we were compelled to take any of these actions, our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations might suffer. Our success is highly dependent upon the legal protection of our proprietary technology, as well as software and other IP rights licensed to us by third parties, and we cannot assure that the precautions taken to protect our rights will be adequate or that we will continue to be able to adequately secure such IP rights from third parties. Our success depends, in part, upon our proprietary technology and our ability to secure, protect and enforce our IP rights in our proprietary technology. We generally rely on a combination of patent, copyright and trademark law, trade secret protection and confidentiality or licenses agreements with our employees, contractors, customers, business partners and others to establish and protect our rights in our proprietary technology and products. Despite the precautions we may take to protect our IP rights, from time to time third parties may challenge, invalidate or circumvent these safeguards. 
[...TRUNCATED...]