TICKER=CEG|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CEG_2026-02-24.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We operate in a complex market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our direct control. Such risks, which could negatively affect our results of operations or financial condition, fall primarily under the categories below: Risks related to market and financial factors primarily include: • the price and availability of fuels, • the generation resources in the markets in which we operate, • the design of power markets, • our ability to operate our generating assets, • our ability to access capital markets, • the impacts of ongoing competition, and • emerging technologies, business models, and demand driven by industry trends, including those related to climate change mitigation and transition to a low-emissions economy. Risks related to legislative, regulatory, and legal factors primarily include changes to, and compliance with, the laws and regulations that govern: • the renewal of operating licenses, • the ability to retire or repower units, • energy policy, including market design, • environmental and climate policy, and • tax policy. Risks related to operational factors primarily include: • changes in the global climate could produce extreme weather events, which could put our facilities at risk, and such changes could also affect the levels and patterns of demand for energy and related services, • the safe, secure and effective operation of our facilities and the ability to effectively manage nuclear decommissioning obligations, • physical, cybersecurity, and third-party reliability risks for us as an owner-operator of generation facilities and as a participant in commodities trading, • rapid development and integration of AI technologies, • ability to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, and • acquisitions or investments in new business initiatives and new markets. Risks related to the acquisition of Calpine primarily include: • no assurance of the dividends at the current rate post-acquisition, reduced ownership and voting power for current shareholders, and potential dilution to earnings per share, • integration challenges including the complex, costly and time-consuming integration process with potential unknown liabilities, and the possible loss of key employees and customers, and 29 Table of Contents • legal and regulatory risks such as potential lawsuits and substantial costs, as well as valuation risk, which could negatively impact future operating results. Risks Related to Market and Financial Factors We are exposed to price volatility associated with both the wholesale and retail power markets and the procurement of nuclear fuel, natural gas, and oil. We are exposed to commodity price risk for fuel and the unhedged portion of our generation portfolio. Our earnings and cash flows are therefore exposed to variability of spot and forward market prices in the markets in which we operate. Price of Fuels. The spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the marginal cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. Thus, the market price of power is affected by the market price of the marginal fuel, in particular the price of natural gas, used to generate the electricity unit. Cost and Availability of Fuel. We depend on nuclear fuel, natural gas, and oil to operate most of our generating facilities. The supply markets for nuclear fuel, natural gas, and oil are subject to price fluctuations, availability restrictions, tariffs, counterparty default, and geopolitical risk, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Geopolitical risks specific to nuclear fuel include the ongoing Russia and Ukraine conflict which has yielded sanctions and legislation by the United States, United Kingdom, European Union, Russia, and Canada impacting the exports and imports of Russian nuclear fuel. An example of such sanctions includes the “Prohibiting Russian Uranium Imports Act” which bans the import of low-enriched uranium into the U.S. that is produced in Russia or by Russian entities, absent a waiver from the DOE. The cycle of production and utilization of nuclear fuel is complex, and we engage a diverse set of suppliers to secure the nuclear fuel needed to continue to operate our nuclear fleet long-term. Non-performance by these suppliers could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS – Price and Supply Risk Management and ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK for additional information on the nuclear fuel cycle and procurement. Demand and Supply. The market price for electricity is also affected by changes in the demand for electricity and the available supply of electricity. Unfavorable economic conditions, milder than normal weather, regulatory intervention, and the growth of energy efficiency and demand response programs can rapidly increase supply or depress demand. In addition, in some markets, the supply of electricity can exceed demand during some hours of the day, resulting in lower market prices, including periods of negative pricing, and loss of revenue for baseload generating plants such as our nuclear plants. Retail Competition. Our retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affects the margins we can earn and the volumes we are able to serve. In periods of sustained low natural gas and power prices and low market volatility, retail competitors can aggressively pursue market share because the barriers to entry can be low and wholesale generators (including us) use their retail operations to hedge generation output. Likewise, retail competition is dependent upon continued support of the host state, and state legislative sessions can present repeated opportunities for adjustment and full or partial repeal of retail competition in certain markets. Market Design. The wholesale markets vary from region to region with distinct rules, practices, and procedures. Changes in these market rules, problems with rule implementation, or failure of any of these markets could adversely affect our business with little notice. The imposition of price caps, the issuance of orders extending the operation of generation resources slated for retirement, the imposition of requirements that new large load secure supply from new generation resources or agree to be interrupted, policies allowing utility-owned generation in restructured states, and policies favoring new resources at the expense of existing resources may lead to a market design that results in the premature retirement of existing resources, which would negatively affect our portfolio of assets as well as the market as a whole. For example, PJM is considering market rule changes as part of its stakeholder process, and the Trump administration, in conjunction with Governors of PJM states, have proposed a framework to govern new load connection and the generation that can serve that load. The outcome of this process is uncertain. See Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 30 Table of Contents Condition and Results of Operations - Other Key Business Drivers for additional information on proposed PJM market reforms. Our risk management policies cannot fully eliminate the risk associated with our commodity trading activities. Our asset-based power position as well as our power marketing, fuel procurement and other commodity trading activities expose us to risks of commodity price movements. We buy and sell energy and other products and enter financial contracts to manage risk and hedge various positions in our portfolio. We are exposed to volatility in financial results for unhedged positions as well as the risk of ineffective hedges. We attempt to manage this exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures. These risk limits and risk management procedures may not work as planned and cannot eliminate all risks associated with these activities. Even when our policies and procedures are followed, and decisions are made based on projections and estimates of future performance, results of operations could be diminished if the judgments and assumptions underlying those decisions prove to be incorrect. Factors, such as future prices and demand for power, natural gas and other energy-related commodities, become more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further into the future estimates are made. As a result, we cannot predict the impact that our commodity trading activities and risk management decisions could have on our results of operations or financial condition. Financial performance and load requirements could be negatively affected if we are unable to effectively manage our power portfolio. A significant portion of our power portfolio is used to provide power under procurement contracts with load serving entities and other customers. To the extent portions of the power portfolio are not needed for that purpose, our output is sold in the wholesale power markets. To the extent our power portfolio is not sufficient to meet the requirements of our customers under the related agreements, we must purchase power in the wholesale power markets. Our financial results could be negatively affected if we are unable to cost-effectively meet the load requirements of our customers, manage our power portfolio or effectively address the changes in the wholesale power markets. We may be affected by emerging technologies that could, over time, affect or transform the energy industry. Advancements in both distributed and utility-scale power generation technology could impact market prices and demand size and behaviors. For instance, commercial and residential solar generation installations, energy storage improvements that include batteries and fuel cells, and other emerging technologies are improving the cost-effectiveness of customer self-supply of electricity. Improvements in energy efficiency of lighting, appliances, equipment and building materials will also affect energy consumption by customers. Advancements in nuclear technology, CCUS, storage and advanced geothermal may contribute to a substantial increase in the supply of clean, reliable baseload power, impacting market prices. CCUS technology may also allow for gas generation to continue to be a viable source of clean electricity and provide for future growth of clean gas-powered generation. Further, advancements in AI and other technology could lead to reduced barriers of entry resulting in increased competition from new market participants. These developments could affect the price of energy, levels of customer-owned generation, customer expectations and current business models and make portions of our generation facilities uneconomic prior to the end of their useful lives. These technologies could also result in further declines in commodity prices or demand for delivered energy. Each of these factors could affect our results of operations or financial condition through, among other things, reduced operating revenues, increased operating and maintenance expenses, increased capital expenditures, and potential asset impairment charges or accelerated depreciation and decommissioning expenses over shortened remaining asset useful lives. Market performance and other factors could decrease the value of our NDT funds and employee benefit plan assets, which then could require significant additional funding. Disruptions in the capital markets and their actual or perceived effects on particular businesses and the broader economy could adversely affect the value of the investments held within our NDTs and employee benefit plan trusts. We have significant obligations in these areas and hold substantial assets in these trusts to meet those 31 Table of Contents obligations. The asset values are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which could fall below our projected return rates. A decline in the market value of the NDT fund investments could increase our funding requirements to decommission our nuclear plants. A decline in the market value of the pension and OPEB plan assets would increase the funding requirements associated with our pension and OPEB plan obligations. Additionally, our pension and OPEB plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. As interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefit costs and funding requirements. See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations and Note 14 — Retirement Benefits of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. We could be negatively affected by unstable capital and credit markets and increased volatility in commodity markets. We rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly offered debt, as well as the banking and commercial paper markets, to meet our financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets in the United States or abroad could negatively affect our ability to access the capital markets or draw on our bank revolving credit facilities. The banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to us if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period of time. The inability to access capital markets or credit facilities, and longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions could result in the deferral of discretionary capital expenditures, affect our ability to effectively hedge our generation portfolio, require changes to our hedging strategy in order to reduce collateral posting requirements, or require a reduction in discretionary uses of cash. In addition, we have exposure to worldwide financial markets, including Europe, Canada, and Asia. Disruptions in these markets could reduce or restrict our ability to secure sufficient liquidity or secure liquidity at reasonable terms. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 26%, 8%, and 13% of our available credit facilities were with European, Canadian, and Asian banks, respectively. The strength and depth of competition in energy markets depend heavily on active participation by multiple trading parties, which could be negatively affected by disruptions in the capital and credit markets and legislative and regulatory initiatives that could affect participants in commodities transactions. Reduced capital and liquidity and failures of significant institutions that participate in the energy markets could diminish the liquidity and competitiveness of energy markets that are important to our business. Perceived weaknesses in the competitive strength of the energy markets could lead to pressures for greater regulation of those markets or attempts to replace market structures with other mechanisms for the sale of power, including the requirement of long-term contracts. If we were to experience a downgrade in our credit ratings to below investment grade or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards in our agreements with our counterparties or regulatory financial requirements, we would be required to provide significant amounts of collateral that could affect our liquidity and we could experience higher borrowing costs. Our business is subject to credit quality standards that could require us to post collateral for our obligations upon a decline in ratings. We are also subject to certain financial requirements under NRC regulations as a result of our operation of nuclear power plants that could require us to provide cash collateral or surety bonds if those requirements are not met. One or both events could adversely affect available liquidity and, in the case of a rating downgrade, borrowing and credit support costs. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS – Liquidity and Capital Resources – Credit Matters and Cash Requirements – Security Ratings and Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the potential impacts of credit downgrades on our cash flows. If we fail to meet project-specific financing agreement requirements, we could experience an impairment or loss of the financed project. We have project-specific financing arrangements and must meet the requirements of various agreements relating to those financings. Failure to meet those arrangements could give rise to a project-specific financing default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the specific project being required to repay the associated debt or 32 Table of Contents other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated, and if such repayment were not made, the lenders or security holders would generally have broad remedies, including rights to foreclose against the project assets and related collateral or to force our subsidiaries in the project-specific financings to enter bankruptcy proceedings. The impact of bankruptcy could result in the impairment or loss of certain project assets. See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. The impacts of significant economic downturns (i.e., recession) could lead to decreased volumes delivered and increased expense for uncollectible customer balances. The impacts of significant economic downturns on our retail customers, such as less demand for the products and services provided by our C&I customers, could result in an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances and related expense. See ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK and Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our credit risk. We may be adversely affected by the effects of sustained inflation. An increase in inflation rates could result in higher interest rates and capital costs, increased costs of labor, and other similar effects. If inflation rates rise or become elevated for a sustained period, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Although we may take measures to mitigate the impact of inflation, those measures may not be effective. Long-lived assets, goodwill, and other assets could become impaired. Long-lived assets – principally, generation assets – represent the single largest asset class on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, we expect to have a significant goodwill balance following the acquisition of Calpine in January 2026. In accordance with GAAP, the acquisition of Calpine will be accounted for as a business combination. We expect that the consideration transferred is greater than the fair value of the net assets acquired, and therefore we anticipate recording goodwill on the opening balance sheet. The acquired goodwill will be allocated to the appropriate reporting units of the combined company. We evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used whenever events or circumstances indicating a potential impairment may exist. Factors such as, but not limited to, the business climate, including current and future energy and market conditions, environmental regulation, and the condition of assets are considered. We assess goodwill for impairment at least annually or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting units below their carrying amount. Changes in significant assumptions, including discount rates, energy prices, projected operating costs, and cash flows could potentially result in future impairments of goodwill. An impairment would require us to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset and goodwill to fair value through a non-cash charge to expense by the amount of the impairment and could have a material adverse impact on our future operating results or financial condition. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS – Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates, Note 1 — Basis of Presentation, Note 8 — Property, Plant, and Equipment, and Note 12 — Intangible Assets of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on long-lived asset impairments. We could incur substantial costs in the event of non-performance by third parties under indemnification agreements. We are exposed to other credit risks in the power markets that are beyond our control. We have entered into various agreements with counterparties that require those counterparties to reimburse us and hold us harmless against specified obligations and claims. To the extent that any of these counterparties are 33 Table of Contents affected by deterioration in their creditworthiness or the agreements are otherwise determined to be unenforceable, we could be held responsible for the obligations. We have issued indemnities to third parties regarding environmental or other matters in connection with purchases and sales of assets, including several of the Exelon utilities in connection with our absorption of their former generating assets. We could incur substantial costs to fulfill our obligations under these indemnities. In the bilateral markets, we are exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe us money or are obligated to purchase energy or fuel from us will not perform under their obligations for operational or financial reasons. In the event the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we could be forced to purchase or sell energy or fuel in the wholesale markets at less favorable prices and incur additional losses, to the extent amounts, if any, were already paid to the counterparties. In the spot markets, we are exposed to risk as a result of default sharing mechanisms that exist within certain markets, primarily RTOs and ISOs. We are also a party to agreements with entities in the energy sector that have experienced rating downgrades or other financial difficulties. In addition, our retail sales subject us to credit risk through competitive electricity and natural gas supply activities to serve C&I companies, governmental entities, and residential customers. Retail credit risk results when customers default on their contractual obligations. This risk represents the loss that could be incurred due to the nonpayment of a customer’s account balance, as well as the loss from the resale of energy previously committed to serve the customer. Expiration or termination of our PPAs and other contractual agreements may significantly reduce our revenue and allow the counterparty or customer to seek liquidated damages. A material portion of our portfolio is sold under PPAs that expire at various times. We seek to extend contracts or sell any generation not sold under PPAs on a short-term basis as market opportunities arise. Our non-contracted generation is generally sold on the spot market at current market prices as merchant energy. When the terms of each of our various PPAs expire, it is possible that the price paid to us for generation under subsequent arrangements or in short-term markets may be significantly less than the price paid to us under the PPA. Without the benefit of PPAs, we may not be able to sell any or all of the capacity from these generation facilities at commercially attractive rates, and these generation facilities may not be able to operate profitably. The counterparty or customer may terminate or fail to comply with the terms of our PPAs, construction agreements, commodity contracts, maintenance agreements and other contractual arrangements. Additionally, if we fail to meet our contractual obligations they may seek to enforce the liquidated damages provisions contained in such agreements. Risks Related to Legislative, Regulatory, and Legal Factors Federal or state legislative or regulatory actions could negatively affect the scope and functioning of the wholesale markets. Approximately 70% of our generating resources, which include directly owned assets and capacity obtained through long-term contracts, are in the area encompassed by PJM. Our future results of operations are impacted by (1) FERC’s and PJM's level of support for policies that favor the preservation of competitive wholesale power markets, recognize the value of emissions-free electricity and resiliency, complement states' energy objectives and policies and (2) the absence of material changes to market structures that would limit or otherwise negatively affect us. Market rules in other regions could affect us in a similar fashion. We could also be affected by state laws, regulations or initiatives to subsidize existing or new generation. FERC’s requirements for market-based rate authority could pose a risk that we may no longer satisfy FERC’s tests for market-based rates. A loss of market-based rate authority would mean that we would sell power at cost-based rates. Our business is highly regulated and could be negatively affected by legislative and/or regulatory actions. Substantial aspects of our business are subject to comprehensive federal or state legislation and/or regulation. 34 Table of Contents Our results of operations and financial condition are significantly affected by our sales and purchases of commodities at market-based rates, as opposed to cost-based or other similarly regulated rates. Federal and state regulatory and legislative action designed to limit market-based rates through capacity market mitigation, energy and capacity pricing restrictions, new generation mandates, or other means, may negatively impact our results of operations. Federal or state legislative and regulatory efforts to preserve the environmental attributes and reliability benefits of zero-emission nuclear-powered generating facilities could be subject to legal and regulatory challenges and, if overturned, could result in the early retirement of certain of our nuclear plants. The PTC benefiting existing nuclear plants included in the IRA (starting January 1, 2024) and affirmed by the OBBBA continues to be the subject of additional guidance issued from the U.S. Treasury and IRS, which may negatively impact the amount of benefits we ultimately receive. In addition, the duration of the PTC program, the value of the PTC, and/or the existence of the PTC could be affected by legislative action and may have significant adverse effects on our financial performance depending on the future gross receipts received by our nuclear units. Additionally, Federal Power Act Section 202(c) authorizes the issuance of emergency orders requiring power plants to operate or to mandate temporary electricity connections to prevent grid failure during emergencies such as severe weather, fuel shortages, or sudden demand spikes. The exercise of such authority could have an adverse impact on our results of operations if we are required to operate units when it is not economical. Fundamental changes in regulations or other adverse legislative actions affecting our business would require changes in our business planning models and operations. We cannot predict when or whether legislative and regulatory proposals could become law or what their effect would be. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. NRC actions could negatively affect the operations and profitability of our nuclear generating fleet. Regulatory Risk. A change in the Atomic Energy Act or the applicable regulations or licenses could require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or could result in increased operating or decommissioning costs. Events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by us, could cause the NRC to initiate such actions. Spent Nuclear Fuel Storage. Our nuclear operations produce various types of nuclear waste materials, including SNF. The approval of a national repository for the storage of SNF and the timing of that facility opening will significantly affect the costs associated with storage of SNF and the ultimate amounts received from the DOE to reimburse us for these costs. Any regulatory action relating to the timing and availability of a repository for SNF could adversely affect our ability to decommission fully our nuclear units. We cannot predict whether a fee may be established or to what extent, in the future for SNF disposal. See Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. We could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards. We, as a user of the bulk power transmission system, are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by NERC and enforced by FERC. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and are guided by reliability and market interface principles. Compliance with or changes in the reliability standards could subject us to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. If we were found in non-compliance with the federal and state mandatory reliability standards, we could be subject to remediation costs as well as sanctions, which could include substantial monetary penalties. We could incur substantial costs to fulfill our obligations related to environmental and other matters. We are subject to extensive environmental regulation and legislation by local, state and federal authorities. These laws and regulations affect the way we conduct our operations and make capital expenditures, including how we handle air and water emissions, hazardous and solid waste, and activities affecting surface waters, groundwater, and aquatic and other species. Violations of these requirements could subject us to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs for remediation and cleanup 35 Table of Contents costs, civil penalties and exposure to third parties’ claims for alleged health or property damages or operating restrictions to achieve compliance. In addition, we are subject to liability under these laws for the remediation costs for environmental contamination of property currently or formerly owned by us and of property contaminated by hazardous substances we generated or released. Also, we are currently involved in several proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and could be subject to additional proceedings in the future. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS – Environmental Matters and Regulation and Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. We could be negatively affected by federal and state RPS and/or energy conservation legislation, along with energy conservation by customers. Changes to current state legislation or the development of federal legislation that requires the use of clean, renewable and alternate fuel sources could significantly impact us. The impact could include reduced use of some of our generating facilities with effects on our operating revenues and costs. Federal and state legislation mandating the implementation of energy conservation programs, GHG emission limitations, and new energy consumption technologies could cause declines in customer energy consumption and lead to a decline in our operating revenues. We could incur costs to further limit the GHG emissions from our operations or otherwise comply with applicable requirements. To the extent such additional regulation or legislation does not become effective, the potential competitive advantage offered by our low-emissions profile may be reduced. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS – Environmental Matters and Regulation – Renewable and Clean Energy Standards and “We may be affected by emerging technologies that could, over time, affect or transform the energy industry” above for additional information. Our financial performance could be negatively affected by risks arising from our ownership and operation of hydroelectric facilities. FERC has the exclusive authority to license most non-federal hydropower projects located on navigable waterways, federal lands, or connected to the interstate electrical grid. If FERC does not issue new operating licenses for our hydroelectric facilities in the future or a station cannot be operated through the end of its current operating license, our results of operations could be adversely affected by increased depreciation rates and accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and decommissioning cost estimates are currently based on the available license term for each facility. We could also lose operating revenues and incur increased purchased power and fuel expense to meet our supply commitments. In addition, conditions could be imposed as part of the license renewal process that could adversely affect operations, require a substantial increase in capital expenditures, result in increased operating costs or render the project uneconomic. Similar effects could result from a change in the Federal Power Act or the applicable regulations due to events at hydroelectric facilities owned by others, as well as those owned by us. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the license renewal for the Conowingo hydroelectric project. We could be negatively affected by challenges to tax positions taken, tax law changes and the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions. We are required to make judgments in order to estimate our obligations to taxing authorities. These tax obligations include income, real estate, sales and use, and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeal issues related to these tax matters. These judgments include reserves established for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken that could be subject to challenge by the tax authorities. See Note 1 — Basis of Presentation and Note 13 — Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Following the Calpine acquisition in January 2026, we have several government awards for projects involving cost-share agreements with the DOE, which could be affected by our inadvertent failure to comply with certain laws, rules, and regulations. At five facilities, Calpine has completed or commenced front-end engineering design studies for post-combustion CCUS technology and has also received funding from the DOE for certain geothermal drilling technologies for the Geysers Assets. 36 Table of Contents As a recipient of federal funds under grants and cooperative agreements, in addition to our ordinary contractual obligations, we must comply with various rules and regulations applicable to entities that perform awards in support of government entities. Many of these additional obligations are contained in the terms of the awards themselves and in federal regulations, which regulate the formation, administration and performance of non-procurement federal financial assistance awards, which are subject to change. We must also comply with various national policy requirements prescribed by statute, executive order, policy guidance issued by the Executive Office of the President or other regulations subject to change. Additionally, our contractors must also comply with these federal requirements, and any non-compliance by our contractors or their subcontractors could similarly affect our grant status and expose us to additional risks and liabilities. While we will continue to implement audits and monitor contractual rights for our contractors, failure by our contractors to comply with all regulatory requirements fully could materially affect our business and prospects. Our performance under our U.S. government awards and our compliance with the terms of those awards and applicable laws and regulations are subject to periodic investigation audits, reviews and investigations by various U.S. government agencies. The current environment may lead to increased regulatory scrutiny and sanctions for non-compliance by such agencies. Compliance with these laws and regulations affects how we do business and may impose added costs on our business. Failure to comply may lead to penalties, including whole or partial suspension or termination of our U.S. government awards and/or suspension or debarment from contracting with federal agencies. Legal proceedings could result in a negative outcome, which we cannot predict. We are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising from our business operations. Our material legal proceedings, claims, and litigation are summarized in Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Adverse outcomes in these proceedings could lead to significant expenditures, loss of revenue, or the restriction of existing business activities. We could be subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make us vulnerable to negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other consequences. We could be the subject of public criticism. Adverse publicity of this nature could render public service commissions and other regulatory and legislative authorities less likely to view energy companies in a favorable light, and could cause those companies, including us, to be susceptible to less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements. Risks Related to Operational Factors We are subject to risks associated with weather, including its effect on the supply and demand for electricity, as well as impacts from climate change, including extreme weather events. Our operations are affected by weather, which impacts demand for electricity and natural gas, the price of energy commodities, and operating conditions. Warmer weather in the summer or colder weather in the winter than assumed could require greater resources to meet our contractual commitments. Extreme weather conditions or storms could affect the availability of generation and the transmission of electricity, limiting our ability to source electricity or transmit it to our customers. It could also impair our ability to transport natural gas to our generating assets and regassification facilities as well as our ability to supply natural gas to our customers. Drought-like conditions limiting water usage could impact our ability to run certain generating assets at full capacity. These conditions, which cannot be accurately predicted, could cause us to seek additional replacement supply at a time when supply is constrained. Various forms of power generation and energy-intensive activities, such as data centers, depend on water access to operate. Certain of our assets in the West and Texas Regions, including Calpine's Geysers Assets acquired in January 2026, have experienced drought conditions in the recent past. Disruptions in water 37 Table of Contents availability such as droughts, curtailment, or high prices may impact our ability to generate energy or serve customers, adversely impacting our operations and financial condition. Further, disruptions in water availability at the Geysers Assets may affect the water injection program, steam production and generation levels. Weather projections suggest increases to summer temperature, humidity trends, and more erratic precipitation and storm patterns over the long term in the areas where we have generation assets. The frequency of weather conditions outside the current expected climate norms could contribute to the weather-related impacts discussed above. We primarily operate in areas that have historically been prone to various types of severe weather events. Our physical facilities could be placed at greater risk of damage should changes in the global climate impact temperature and weather patterns, and result in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, unprecedented levels of precipitation, sea level rise, increased surface water temperatures, and/or other effects. Over time, we may need to make additional investments to protect our facilities from physical climate-related risks. We may be exposed to climate mitigation and transition risks if we are adversely affected by changes to the energy systems as a result of new technologies, changing customer expectations and/or voluntary GHG goals, as well as local, state or federal regulatory requirements intended to reduce GHG emissions. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS – Environmental Matters and Regulation – GHG & Climate Risks for additional information. We are subject to certain risks associated with the operation and maintenance of generation facilities. Operations at any of our generation facilities that we operate as well as those that we own and are operated by others could degrade to the point where the operator must shut down the plant or operate at less than full capacity. If this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes could require significant time and expense. The operator could choose to close a plant rather than incurring the expense of restarting it or returning the plant to full capacity. In either event, we could lose revenue and incur increased purchased power and fuel expense to meet supply commitments. In addition, we depend on facilities and assets that we do not own or control for the transmission to our customers or the distribution to our generation facilities. If these transmission and distribution systems are disrupted or the capacity of those systems is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver power products or obtain fuel may be hindered. Our financial performance could be negatively affected by matters arising from our ownership and operation of nuclear facilities. Nuclear capacity factors. Capacity factors for nuclear generating units significantly affect our results of operations. Lower capacity factors could decrease our revenues and increase operating costs by requiring us to produce additional energy from our natural gas and oil-fueled facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy our supply obligations to committed third-party sales. These sources generally have higher costs to produce energy relative to our nuclear stations. Nuclear refueling outages. In general, refueling outages are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months. The total number of refueling outages, along with their duration, could have a significant impact on our results of operations. When refueling outages last longer than anticipated or we experience unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease, and we face lower margins due to higher energy replacement costs and/or lower energy sales and higher operating and maintenance costs. Nuclear fuel. In addition to the risks around the cost and availability of nuclear fuel discussed previously, the quality of nuclear fuel we use could affect the efficiency and costs of our operations. Remediation actions could result in increased costs due to accelerated fuel amortization, increased outage costs and/or increased costs due to decreased generation capabilities. We do not procure the fuel for the sites we do not operate. If the operator is unable to procure fuel sufficient to operate the plant or at an uneconomical price, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. 38 Table of Contents Additionally, if we are required to arrange for the safe and permanent disposal of SNF beyond current expectations, this could lead to substantial expense or capital expenditures. See “NRC actions could negatively affect the operations and profitability of our nuclear generating fleet” above for additional information on the storage of SNF. Nuclear major incident risk and insurance. The consequences of a major incident could be severe and include loss of life and property damage. Any resulting liability from a nuclear plant major incident within the United States, owned or operated by us or owned by others, could exceed our resources, including insurance coverage. We are a member of an industry mutual insurance company, NEIL, which provides property and accidental outage insuran
[...TRUNCATED...]