TICKER=CF|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CF_2026-02-25.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the factors discussed below in evaluating the Company and before deciding to invest in any of our securities. These risks and uncertainties, individually or in combination, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently do not believe to be material could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Market Risks Our industry is cyclical, and our operating results are highly dependent upon and fluctuate based upon changes in supply and demand of nitrogen products, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows tend to be negatively affected in periods of industry oversupply. Selling prices for our products, which are global commodities or derived from global commodities, have fluctuated in response to periodic changes in supply and demand conditions. Supply of nitrogen products is affected primarily by available production capacity and operating rates, raw material costs and availability, energy prices, government policies and global trade. Demand for nitrogen products is affected by planted acreage, crop selection and fertilizer application rates, driven by population changes, economic growth, changes in dietary habits and non-food use of crops, such as production of ethanol and other biofuels. Demand also includes industrial uses of nitrogen, for example, chemical manufacturing and emissions reductants such as diesel exhaust fluid (DEF). Many factors affecting supply and demand of global nitrogen products are out of our control and could significantly impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Periods, or anticipated periods, of strong demand, high-capacity utilization or increasing operating margins tend to stimulate global investment in production capacity. During such periods, nitrogen manufacturers, including the Company, have built new production capacity or expanded capacity of existing production assets, or have announced plans to do so. Construction of new production capacity in the industry, and improvements to increase output from existing production assets, increase nitrogen supply availability and place downward pressure on nitrogen selling prices, particularly when supply growth outpaces demand growth. For example, in the two-year period ended December 31, 2017, additional production capacity came online, and the average selling price for our products declined 34%, from $314 per ton in 2015 to $207 per ton in 2017. Additional nitrogen production capacity has come online in the past 12 months and is expected to continue to do so globally over the next 12 months. In addition, we and other companies have announced plans to build new facilities for low-carbon ammonia, such as our ongoing development of a low-carbon ammonia production facility at our Blue Point complex in Louisiana. We cannot predict the impact of this additional capacity on nitrogen selling prices. Additionally, global or local economic, political and financial conditions or changes in such conditions, or other factors, may cause acceleration of announced and/or ongoing projects, which could further impact nitrogen selling prices. Similarly, lower energy prices can spur increases in production, which would result in increased supply and pressure on selling prices. Additionally, if imports increase into an oversupplied region, that region could experience lower prices. During periods of industry oversupply, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows tend to be affected negatively due to a decline in the price at which we sell our products. As a result, we may experience reduced profit margins, write-downs in the value of our inventory and temporary or permanent curtailments of production. Due to the cyclical nature of our industry, we have experienced periods of industry oversupply, which impacted our financial performance, credit ratings and the trading price for our common stock. We cannot predict the timing or duration of such periods of industry oversupply or the degree to which oversupply conditions would impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Nitrogen products are global commodities, and we face intense global competition from other producers. We are subject to intense price competition from other producers. The nitrogen products that we produce are global commodities or are derived from global commodities, with little or no product differentiation. Customers tend to make their purchasing decisions of these products principally on the basis of delivered price and, to a lesser extent, low-carbon attributes, reliability, customer service and product quality. As a consequence, conditions in the global market, including pricing competition, for nitrogen products significantly influence our operating results. We compete with many producers, including state-owned and government-subsidized entities. Some of our competitors have greater total resources and are less dependent on earnings from nitrogen product sales, which make them less vulnerable to fertilizer and other nitrogen product industry downturns and better positioned to pursue new expansion and development opportunities. In addition, some of these entities may have access to lower cost natural gas supplies, financing, transportation and government-subsidies and tax incentives, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage. Furthermore, state-owned competitors may be willing to accept lower prices and profitability on their products, or may have their production inputs or 14 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. consumption subsidized in order to support domestic employment or to foster other political or social goals. We may not be able to be competitive with these entities, including if we are not able to expand our own resources to a similar extent, either through investments in new or existing operations or through acquisitions or joint ventures. China, the world’s largest producer and consumer of nitrogen fertilizers, currently has a government policy to limit exports of nitrogen fertilizers through a variety of measures. However, a number of factors could encourage China to expand exports of nitrogen fertilizers, including changes in Chinese government policy, higher utilization of production capacity, devaluation of the Chinese renminbi, the relaxation of Chinese environmental standards or decreases in Chinese producers’ underlying costs such as the price of Chinese coal. Any increase in production or export volume could adversely affect the balance between global supply and demand and put downward pressure on global fertilizer prices, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We also face competition from other fertilizer producers in the Middle East, Europe, Africa, and the Western Hemisphere, including Canada and Trinidad and Tobago (Trinidad). These producers, depending on market conditions, fluctuating input prices, geographic location and freight economics, may take actions at times with respect to price or selling volumes that adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Some of these producers also benefit from non-market or government-set rates for natural gas pricing, which has resulted in significant volumes of exports to the United States. For example, the 2016 revocations of U.S. antidumping measures on solid urea and fertilizer grade ammonium nitrate from Russia allowed for increased imports from that country into the United States in recent years. In addition, in recent years, high volumes of urea ammonium nitrate solution (UAN) imports from Russia have negatively affected U.S. producers’ UAN profitability. Government policies in these regions may also stimulate future ammonia or hydrogen investments. Recently, many proposed low-carbon ammonia projects have been announced or considered, and future hydrogen, energy, environmental or carbon policies may support development of additional nitrogen production in locations outside North America, including Europe, Australia, India, and the Middle East. Global competition for nitrogen products is also influenced by other factors, including currency exchange rates, including the relative value of the U.S. dollar and its impact on the cost of importing nitrogen products into the United States, foreign agricultural policies, the existence of, or changes in, import or foreign currency exchange barriers in certain foreign jurisdictions and the laws and policies of the regions in which we operate, including the imposition of new duties, tariffs or quotas, that affect foreign trade and investment. For example, the imposition of duties, tariffs or quotas in a region, such as the European Union’s imposition of additional and increasing tariffs on nitrogen fertilizers from Russia that began in July 2025, can directly impact product pricing in that region, which can lead to changes in global trade flows and impact the global supply and demand balance and pricing. Market participants customarily move product between regions of the world, or adjust trade flows, in response to these factors. North America, where we manufacture and sell most of our products, is one of the largest and most accessible nitrogen trading regions in the world. As a result, other manufacturers, traders and other market participants have historically moved nitrogen products to North America when there is uncertainty associated with the supply and demand balance in other regions or when duties, tariffs or quotas impact prices or trade flows in other regions. Changes to tariffs on imports into the United States, retaliatory tariffs on U.S. exports, and potential renegotiation of trade deals may also impact prices or trade flows. Any such duties, tariffs and quotas can lead to uncertainty in the global marketplace and impact the supply and demand balance in many regions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, the European Commission recently extended through January 6, 2031, definitive anti-dumping duties on imports to the European Union (EU) of UAN manufactured in Russia, Trinidad and the United States. A decline in agricultural production, limitations on the use of our products for agricultural purposes or developments in crop technology could materially adversely affect the demand for our products. Conditions in the United States, Europe, India, Brazil, China and other countries and regions of global significance in agricultural production significantly impact our operating results. Agricultural planted areas and production can be affected by a number of factors, including weather patterns and field conditions, current and projected grain inventories and prices, crop disease and/or livestock disease, demand for agricultural products and governmental policies regarding production of or trade in agricultural products. These factors are outside of our control. Governmental policies and changes thereto, including farm and biofuel subsidies, commodity support programs and tariffs, environmental and greenhouse gas (GHG) policies, as well as the prices of fertilizer products, may also directly or indirectly influence the number of acres planted, the mix of crops planted and the use of fertilizers for particular agricultural applications. For example, ethanol production in the United States contributes significantly to corn demand, representing approximately 35% of total U.S. corn demand, and is impacted by federal legislation mandating renewable fuels use. Mandated ethanol production increases have increased the amount of corn grown in the United States and related fertilizer usage. Other U.S. policies have had similar impacts on other crops including grains and soybeans. Conversely, while the current Renewable 15 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. Fuel Standard encourages continued high levels of corn-based ethanol production, various interested parties have called to eliminate or reduce the renewable fuel mandate, or to eliminate or reduce corn-based ethanol as part of such mandate. Additionally, other factors that drive the ethanol market include the prices of ethanol, gasoline and corn. Lower gasoline prices and fewer aggregate miles, driven by increased automobile fuel efficiency and the expansion of electric vehicle use, may put pressure on ethanol prices that could result in reduced profitability and lower production for the ethanol industry. This could have an adverse effect on corn-based ethanol production, planted corn acreage and fertilizer demand. Additionally, government incentives and other policies and recent increased investment in renewable biodiesel and associated soybean crush capacity may drive higher soybean oil prices, resulting in more planted acres allocated to soybeans and other oil crops and displacing some acreage traditionally planted to more nitrogen intensive crops such as grains and cotton. Developments in crop technology, such as nitrogen fixation, the conversion of atmospheric nitrogen into compounds that plants can assimilate, or nitrogen-efficient varieties, or developments in alternatives to traditional animal feed or alternative proteins, could also reduce the use of nitrogen fertilizers and adversely affect the demand for our products. Widespread adoption of emerging application technologies or alternative farming techniques could disrupt traditional application practices, affecting the volume or types of fertilizer products used and timing of applications. In addition, from time to time various foreign governments and U.S. state legislatures have considered limitations on the use and application of nitrogen fertilizers due to concerns about the negative impact that the application of these products can have on the environment. For example, the United Kingdom implemented an assurance scheme in 2024 to limit the use of unprotected or uninhibited urea products between January and March of every year. While CF Fertilisers UK Limited does not sell solid urea fertilizer in the United Kingdom, limitations on fertilizer use have been and may be considered by other jurisdictions. In addition, Canada has announced a target of reducing emissions from fertilizers by 30% below 2020 levels by 2030 and is supporting implementation through improved nitrogen management and optimizing fertilizer use. These or other more stringent limitations on GHG emissions applicable to farmers, the end-users of our nitrogen fertilizers, could reduce the demand for our fertilizer products to the extent their use of our products increases farm-level emissions. Any reduction in the demand for our nitrogen fertilizer products, including as a result of technological developments or limitations on the use and application of nitrogen fertilizers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business is dependent on natural gas, the prices of which are subject to volatility. Nitrogen from the atmosphere and hydrogen from natural gas, coal and other carbon energy feedstocks, or from the electrolysis of water, are the fundamental building blocks of nitrogen products. Energy feedstock costs comprise a significant portion of the total production cost of nitrogen products and, relative to the industry’s marginal producers that set the global price of nitrogen, generally determine profitability for nitrogen producers. Our manufacturing processes utilize natural gas as the principal raw material used in our production of nitrogen products. We use natural gas both as a chemical feedstock and as a fuel to produce ammonia, granular urea, UAN, AN and other nitrogen products. Most of our nitrogen manufacturing facilities are located in the United States and Canada. As a result, North American natural gas comprises a significant portion of the total production cost of our products. The price of natural gas in North America has historically been volatile. The price has declined on average due in part to the development of significant natural gas reserves, including shale gas, and the rapid improvement in shale gas extraction techniques, such as hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling. However, shifts in the supply of and demand for natural gas due to market and regulatory changes can lead to extended periods of higher natural gas prices. In recent years, the cost of North American natural gas for the production of nitrogen fertilizers has been significantly lower than the cost of natural gas in other parts of the world where the industry’s marginal nitrogen producers are located. Any increases in the volume of liquefied natural gas (LNG) exported from the United States to other regions or increases in natural gas development outside the United States, particularly in regions where nitrogen products are produced, could increase our natural gas costs and/or lower natural gas costs for our competitors. In recent years, U.S. LNG export capabilities have expanded, and U.S. LNG exports have increased, resulting in the United States becoming a leading exporter of LNG globally, with further expanded capabilities and export increases expected following the resumption of U.S. export permitting in 2025. If natural gas prices outside of North America were to decrease or North American natural gas prices were to increase, our favorable energy cost differentials relative to the industry’s marginal nitrogen producers could significantly erode, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Certain of our operating facilities are located near natural gas hubs that have experienced increased natural gas development and have favorable price differences as compared to other North American hubs. Favorable price differences in certain regions may dissipate over time due to increases in natural gas pipeline or storage capacity in those regions. Additionally, price differentials may become materially unfavorable due to a lack of inbound gas pipeline or storage capacity in other regions during periods of unusually high demand. Increased demand for natural gas, particularly in the Gulf Coast 16 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. Region, due to increased industrial demand and increased natural gas exports, could result in increased natural gas prices. If reduced production, increased demand or changes in price were to occur, or if other developments adversely impact the supply and demand balance for natural gas in North America or elsewhere, natural gas prices could rise, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Adverse weather conditions may decrease demand for our fertilizer products, increase the cost of natural gas or materially disrupt our operations. Adverse weather conditions could become more frequent and/or more severe as a result of climate change. Adverse weather conditions, which may be impacted by climate change, have in the past and may in the future have various negative impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Weather conditions that delay or disrupt field work during the planting, growing, harvesting or application periods may cause agricultural customers to use different forms of nitrogen fertilizer, which may adversely affect demand for the forms that we sell or may impede farmers from applying our fertilizers until the following application period, resulting in lower seasonal demand for our products. Adverse weather conditions during or following harvest may delay or eliminate opportunities to apply fertilizer in the fall. Weather can also have an adverse effect on crop yields, which could lower the income of growers and impair their ability to purchase fertilizer from our customers. Adverse weather conditions could also impact transportation of fertilizer, which could disrupt our ability to deliver our products to customers on a timely basis. Our quarterly financial results can vary significantly from one year to the next due to weather-related shifts in fertilizer applications, planting schedules and purchasing patterns. Over the longer term, changes in weather patterns may shift the periods of demand for products and even the regions to which our products are distributed, which could require us to evolve our distribution system. In addition, we use the North American waterway system extensively to ship products from some of our manufacturing facilities to our distribution facilities and our customers. We also export nitrogen fertilizer products via seagoing vessels from deep-water docking facilities at certain of our manufacturing sites on the U.S. river system near the U.S. Gulf. Therefore, persistent significant changes in river or ocean water levels (either up or down, such as a result of flooding, drought or climate change, for example) may require changes to our operating and distribution activities and/or significant capital improvements to our facilities. For example, recent low water levels on the U.S. river system and in the Panama Canal have delayed shipping in these locations, resulting in an increase in shipping costs. Weather conditions or, in certain cases, weather forecasts, can also disrupt our operations and can affect the price of natural gas, the principal raw material used to make our nitrogen products. Colder and/or longer than normal winters and warmer than normal summers increase the demand for natural gas for residential and industrial use and for power generation, which can increase the cost and/or decrease the availability of natural gas. In addition, adverse weather events, such as extreme cold temperatures, storms, hurricanes, tornadoes, or floods, not only can cause loss of power or other impacts to our facilities or damage to or delays in logistics capabilities disrupting our operations, but also can impact the supply of natural gas and utilities and cause prices to rise. All of the adverse weather conditions described above, including those impacting our customers and our operations, such as the physical risk from storms, hurricanes, tornadoes, or floods could become more frequent and/or more severe as a result of climate change. Our Donaldsonville and Waggaman complexes are located in an area of the United States that experiences a relatively high level of hurricane or high wind activity and several of our complexes are located in areas that experience extreme weather events for which insurance may be insufficient or unavailable. In the last several years, there has been an increase in the frequency and severity of adverse weather conditions, including in the geographic areas where we have operations. Any significant adverse weather event or combination of adverse weather events could decrease demand for our fertilizer products, increase the cost of natural gas or materially disrupt our operations — any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our operating results fluctuate due to seasonality. Our inability to predict future seasonal fertilizer demand accurately could result in our having excess inventory, potentially at costs in excess of market value. The fertilizer business is seasonal. The degree of seasonality of our business can change significantly from year to year due to conditions in the agricultural industry and other factors. The strongest demand for our products in North America occurs during the spring planting season, with a second period of strong demand following the fall harvest. In contrast, we and other fertilizer producers generally manufacture and distribute products throughout the year. As a result, we and/or our customers generally build inventories during the low demand periods of the year to facilitate timely product availability during the peak demand periods. Seasonality is greatest for ammonia due to the short application seasons and the limited ability of our customers and their customers to store significant quantities of this product. The seasonality of fertilizer demand generally 17 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. results in our sales volumes and net sales being the highest during the spring and our working capital requirements to build inventory being the highest just prior to the start of the spring planting season. If seasonal demand is less than we expect, we may be left with excess inventory that would need to be stored (in which case our results of operations would be negatively affected by any related increased storage costs) or liquidated (in which case the selling price could be below our production, procurement and storage costs). The risks associated with excess inventory and product shortages are exacerbated by the volatility of nitrogen fertilizer prices, the constraints of our storage capacity, and the relatively brief periods during which farmers can apply nitrogen fertilizers. If prices for our products rapidly decrease, we may be required to write-down the value of our inventory, adversely affecting our operating results. A change in the volume of products that our customers purchase on a forward basis, or the percentage of our sales volume that is sold to our customers on a forward basis, could increase our exposure to fluctuations in our profit margins and working capital and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We offer our customers the opportunity to purchase products from us on a forward basis at prices and delivery dates we propose. Under our forward sales programs, customers generally make an initial cash down payment at the time of order and pay the remaining portion of the contract sales value in advance of the shipment date. Our forward sales improve our liquidity by reducing our working capital needs due to the upfront cash payments received from customers and facilitate more efficient production planning and utilization of our manufacturing and distribution assets. Any cash payments received in advance from customers in connection with forward sales are reflected on our consolidated balance sheets as a current liability until the related orders are shipped, which can take up to several months. We believe the ability to purchase products on a forward basis is more appealing to our customers during periods of generally increasing prices for nitrogen fertilizers. Our customers may be less willing or even unwilling to purchase products on a forward basis during periods of generally decreasing or stable prices or when there is an expectation of lower prices in the future. In addition, our customers may be unwilling to purchase products on a forward basis due to their limited capital resources. Fixing the selling prices of our products, often months in advance of their ultimate delivery to customers, typically causes our reported selling prices and margins to differ from spot market prices and margins available at the time of shipment. In periods of rising fertilizer prices, selling our nitrogen fertilizers on a forward basis may result in lower profit margins than if we had not sold fertilizer on a forward basis. Operational Risks Our operations are dependent upon raw materials and utilities provided by third parties, and any delay or interruption in the delivery of raw materials or utilities may adversely affect our business. We use raw materials, primarily natural gas, and utilities, such as electricity, in the manufacture of our nitrogen products. We purchase raw materials and utilities from third party suppliers. Our natural gas is transported by pipeline to our facilities by third party transportation providers or through the use of facilities owned by third parties, and certain of our plants are reliant on only one natural gas pipeline. Delays or interruptions in the delivery of raw materials and utilities may be caused by, among other things, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters, unscheduled downtime, labor difficulties or shortages, insolvency of our suppliers or their inability to meet existing contractual arrangements, deliberate sabotage and terrorist incidents, unplanned maintenance or mechanical failures. In addition, the transport of natural gas by pipeline is subject to additional risks, including delays or interruptions caused by capacity constraints, leaks or ruptures. Any delay or interruption in the delivery of raw materials or utilities, even for a limited period, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our transportation and distribution activities, including those related to carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) sequestration, rely on third party providers and are subject to environmental, safety and regulatory oversight. This exposes us to risks and uncertainties beyond our control that may adversely affect our operations and exposes us to additional liability. We rely on natural gas pipelines to transport natural gas, the principal raw material used in our production process, to our manufacturing facilities. In addition, we rely on railroad, barge, truck, vessel and pipeline companies to coordinate and deliver finished products to our distribution system and to ship finished products to our customers. We also lease rail cars in order to ship finished products. Further to our clean energy strategy, we recently launched low-carbon ammonia production at our Donaldsonville complex and have ongoing investments in our Yazoo City and Blue Point complexes. This production and these investments are dependent on our third-party providers, including their CO 2 pipelines and sequestration wells, for the transport and permanent sequestration of CO 2 . These transportation operations, equipment and services are subject to various hazards and other sources of disruption, including adverse operating conditions on the inland waterway system or on the seas with respect to 18 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. oceangoing vessels, adverse weather conditions, system failures, unscheduled downtime, labor difficulties or shortages, shutdowns, delays, accidents such as spills and derailments, vessel groundings and other accidents and operating hazards. The inability of our third-party providers to develop or operate CO 2 pipelines and sequestration wells would impact our ability to generate tax credits and recognize revenue for low-carbon ammonia sales. Additionally, due to the aging infrastructure of certain rail lines, bridges, roadways, pipelines, river locks, and equipment that our third-party service providers utilize, we may experience delays in both the receipt of raw materials or the shipment of finished product while repairs, maintenance or replacement activities are conducted. Also, certain third-party service providers, such as railroads, have from time to time experienced service delays or shutdowns due to capacity constraints in their systems, operational and maintenance difficulties, blockades, organized labor strikes, weather or safety-related embargoes and delays, and other events, which could impact the shipping of our products and cause disruption in our operations and supply chain. These transportation operations, equipment and services, including those related to CO 2 sequestration, are also subject to environmental, safety, and regulatory oversight. These operations are currently subject to stringent regulatory requirements due to concerns related to accidents, discharges or other releases of hazardous substances, terrorism, or the potential use of fertilizers as explosives. Governmental entities could implement new or more stringent regulatory requirements affecting the transportation of raw materials or finished products or affecting the transportation or sequestration of CO 2 . If shipping of our products is delayed or we are unable to obtain raw materials as a result of these transportation companies’ failure to operate properly, if new and more stringent regulatory requirements were implemented affecting transportation operations or equipment, or if there were significant increases in the cost of these services or equipment, our revenues and cost of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, increases in our transportation costs, or changes in such costs relative to transportation costs incurred by our competitors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In the United States and Canada, the railroad industry continues various efforts to limit its potential liability with respect to transportation of toxic inhalation hazard materials, such as the ammonia we transport to and from our manufacturing and distribution facilities. For example, various railroads shift liability to shippers by contract, purport to shift liability to shippers by tariff, or otherwise seek to require shippers to indemnify and defend the railroads from and against liabilities (including in negligence, strict liability, or statutory liability) that may arise from certain acts or omissions of the railroads, third parties that may have insufficient resources, or the Company or from unknown causes or acts of god. These initiatives could materially and adversely affect our operating expenses and potentially our ability to transport ammonia, including the impact of potential rail mergers, which if approved, would reduce the number of Class I railroads available to transport ammonia. Additionally, the railroad initiatives could increase our liability for releases of our ammonia while in the care, custody and control of the railroads, third parties or us, for which our insurance may be insufficient or unavailable. New or more stringent regulatory requirements also could be implemented affecting the equipment used to ship our raw materials or finished products. Restrictions on service, increases in transportation costs, or changes in such costs relative to transportation costs incurred by our competitors, and any railroad industry initiatives that may impact our ability to transport our products, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are reliant on a limited number of key facilities. Our nitrogen manufacturing facilities are located at nine separate nitrogen complexes, the largest of which is the Donaldsonville complex, which represented approximately 40% of our ammonia production capacity as of December 31, 2025. The suspension of operations at any of these complexes could adversely affect our ability to produce our products and fulfill our commitments and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Operational disruptions could occur for many reasons, including natural disasters, adverse weather conditions, unplanned maintenance and other manufacturing problems, such as mechanical failures, disease, strikes or other labor unrest or transportation interruptions. For example, our Donaldsonville and Waggaman complexes, and our under development Blue Point complex, are located in an area of the United States that experiences extreme weather events, including a relatively high level of hurricane or high wind activity, and several of our other complexes are also located in areas that experience extreme weather events. Extreme weather events, including temperature extremes, depending on their severity and location, have the potential not only to damage our facilities and disrupt our operations, but also to affect adversely the shipping and distribution of our products. Moreover, our facilities may be subject to failure of equipment that may be difficult to replace or have long delivery lead times, due in part to a limited number of suppliers, and could result in operational disruptions. Failure, inadequacy, breach of, or unauthorized access to, our information technology systems or those of third-party service providers or customers could negatively affect our business and operations. 19 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. We rely on internal and third-party information technology and computer control systems in many aspects of our business, including internal and external communications, the management of our accounting, financial and supply chain functions and plant operations, some of which are within our control and some of which are within the control of third parties, to accumulate, process, store, and transmit large amounts of confidential information. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build, implement and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, inaccurate financial reporting, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to our confidential business information due to a security breach. In addition, our information technology systems may be damaged, disrupted or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. Security breaches of our systems (or the systems of our customers, suppliers or other business partners) could result in misappropriation, destruction or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, business partners, customers or suppliers, and may subject us to legal liability. Our information technology systems (and those of our business partners and other third-parties) have in the past been, and in the future likely will be, subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access and other cyberattacks, and we expect the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. Any of the attacks, breaches or other disruptions or damage described above could: result in an operational interruption or failure at one or more sites; damage our operations; delay production and shipments; expose us to ransom payment, other demands, or paralyze our operations; result in the theft of our and our customers’ intellectual property and trade secrets; damage customer and business partner relationships and our reputation; result in legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy or other laws, including for unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information, or increased costs for security and remediation; or raise concerns regarding our accounting for transactions. Each of these consequences could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation and our financial statements, some of which could be material. From time to time, we update, transition, acquire, or expand use of our and third-party information technology systems, which may result in additional vulnerability. Our business involves the use, storage, and transmission of information about our employees, customers, and suppliers. The protection of such information, as well as our proprietary information, is critical to us, and we are subject to various laws and regulations globally regarding privacy and data protection, including laws and regulations relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and safekeeping of personal information. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, and the subject of significant attention by regulators and private parties globally, with frequent imposition of new requirements and changes to existing requirements. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our employees, customers or suppliers, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception, could expose us or our employees, customers, suppliers or other individuals or entities affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, which could ultimately result in litigation and potential legal and financial liability. These events could damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business. To date, we are not aware of any significant impact on our operations or financial results from such attempts; however, unauthorized access or other types of cyberattacks could disrupt our business operations, result in the loss of assets, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Measures we implement in an effort to protect, detect, respond to, and minimize or prevent these risks may not be successful, and we may fail to detect or remediate system inadequacies, inadequate controls or procedures, operating failures, unauthorized access, service interruptions or failures, security breaches, malicious intrusions, theft, exfiltration, ransomware, cyberattacks, or other compromises of our systems. Any of these events could result in material financial, operational, legal, business, or reputational harm to our business. Acts of terrorism and regulations to combat terrorism could negatively affect our business. Like other companies with major industrial facilities, we may be targets of terrorist activities. Generally, our plants and facilities store significant quantities of materials that can be dangerous if mishandled. Any damage to infrastructure facilities, such as electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, or injury to employees who could be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terrorism, may affect our operations. Any disruption of our ability to produce or distribute our products could result in a significant decrease in revenues and require significant additional costs to replace, repair or insure our assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Due to concerns related to terrorism, the toxic properties of ammonia, or the potential use of certain nitrogen products as explosives, we are subject to various security laws and regulations. U.S. security laws include the Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002 and the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards (although this legislation is currently expired). Governmental entities could implement new or impose more stringent regulations affecting the security of our plants, terminals 20 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. and warehouses or the transportation and use of fertilizers and other nitrogen products. These regulations could result in higher operating costs or limitations on the sale of our products and could result in significant unanticipated costs, lower revenues and reduced profit margins. It is also possible that governmental entities in the United States or elsewhere could impose additional limitations on the use, sale or distribution of the specific nitrogen products that can be used as explosives, thereby limiting our ability to manufacture or sell those products, or exposing us to legal liability if our products were used illicitly. Our operations and the production and handling of our products involve significant risks and hazards. We are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business and as a result, may not be able to adequately cover our losses. Our operations are subject to hazards inherent in the manufacture, transportation, storage and distribution of chemical products, including ammonia, which is highly toxic and can be corrosive, and ammonium nitrate, which is explosive. These hazards include: explosions; fires; extreme weather and natural disasters; train derailments, collisions, vessel groundings and other transportation and maritime incidents; leaks and ruptures involving storage tanks, pipelines and rail cars; spills, discharges and releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases; deliberate sabotage and terrorist incidents; mechanical failures; unscheduled plant downtime; labor difficulties and other risks. Some of these hazards can cause bodily 
[...TRUNCATED...]