TICKER=CFG|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CFG_2026-02-12.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. As a financial services organization, certain elements of risk are inherent in what we do and the decisions we make. Therefore, we encounter risk as part of the normal course of our business and design risk management processes to help manage these risks. See the “Risk Management” section in Item 7 for a discussion of our risk management framework and the primary risks we face. You should carefully consider the following risk factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. However, the risk factors described below are not the only ones we face and should not be considered a complete list of risks that we may encounter. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. See the “Forward-Looking Statements” section above for other factors that could affect us. Risks Related to Our Business We may not be able to successfully execute our business strategy. Our future success and the value of our stock depends, in part, on our ability to effectively implement our business strategy and achieve our financial performance goals across our Consumer and Commercial businesses, including our Private Bank. Risks and uncertainties associated with each element of our strategy exist, many of which are not within our control. If we are not able to successfully execute our business strategy, we may not achieve our financial performance goals and any shortfall may be material. See the “Business Strategy” section in Item 1 for further information. Supervisory requirements and expectations on us as a financial holding company and a bank holding company and any regulator-imposed limits on our activities could adversely affect our ability to implement our strategic plan, expand our business, continue to improve our financial performance, and make capital distributions to our stockholders. Our operations are subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the federal banking regulators, as well as the CFPB. As part of the supervisory and examination process, if we are unsuccessful in meeting the regulatory requirements and supervisory expectations that apply to us, regulatory agencies may from time to time take supervisory actions against us, including actions that may not be publicly disclosed. Such actions may include restrictions on our activities or the activities of our subsidiaries, informal (nonpublic) or formal (public) supervisory actions, or public enforcement actions, including the payment of civil money penalties, which could increase our costs and limit our ability to implement our strategic plans and expand our business and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. See the “Regulation and Supervision” section in Item 1 for further information. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 20 Inflationary pressures could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations. Volatility and uncertainty related to inflation and its associated effects may enhance or contribute to certain risks that we face by negatively impacting our funding costs and expenses, including increasing funding costs and expenses related to talent acquisition and retention. Inflation may also negatively impact consumer demand and client purchasing power for our products and services, as well as the ability of our borrowers to repay their obligations. These inflationary pressures would likely have an adverse impact on our business, financial position, and results of operations. Our ability to meet our obligations, and the cost of funds to do so, depend on our ability to access identified sources of liquidity at a reasonable cost. Liquidity risk is the risk arising from the inability to meet our obligations when they come due. We must maintain adequate funding to meet current and future obligations, including customer loan requests, deposit maturities and withdrawals, debt service, leases, and other cash commitments, under both normal operating conditions and periods of company-specific and/or market stress. We rely on customer deposits to be our primary stable and low-cost source of funding. Our other funding sources are dependent on our ability to securitize loans in secondary markets, raise funds in the debt and equity capital markets, pledge loans and/or securities for borrowing from the FHLB, pledge securities as collateral for borrowing under repurchase agreements, and sell AFS securities. Our ability to meet our obligations and support our operations could be materially affected by a variety of conditions, including market-wide illiquidity or disruption, a general loss of market or customer confidence in the financial services industry or in the Company specifically, or reductions in one or more of our credit ratings. These conditions could limit our ability to retain deposits, securitize or sell assets, access debt and equity capital markets, or otherwise borrow money at a reasonable cost. If these conditions, among others, are severe enough they could also create unanticipated material outflows of cash due to, among other factors, draws on unfunded commitments or deposit attrition, which could have a significant adverse impact on our liquidity. In addition, changes to the FHLB’s or the FRB’s underwriting guidelines for wholesale borrowings or lending policies may limit or restrict our ability to borrow and could have a significant adverse impact on our liquidity as a result. Changes in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our liquidity and profitability. Changes in interest rates can have a material impact on the value of our securities portfolio, the primary objective of which is to provide a readily available source of liquidity. An increase in rates could lower the collateral value of these securities, reducing the amount we could borrow and leading to losses in the event of their sale. Since our earning assets are primarily in the form of loans and debt securities, changes in interest rates can have a material impact on our net interest income, net interest margin, fee income, and credit costs. Our asset yields and funding costs may not rise or fall in parallel in response to changes in interest rates, causing our net interest income to increase or decrease and our net interest margin to expand or contract. If our funding costs rise faster than our asset yields, or if our asset yields fall faster than our funding costs, our net interest income could decrease and our net interest margin could contract. An increase in interest rates could weaken demand for loans by customers, reducing our net interest income due to lower loan balances and origination-related fee income due to lower production volume. An increase in rates could also have an adverse impact on our credit costs, as borrowers may have difficulty in making higher interest payments, as well as on our AFS securities portfolio, which could trigger the recognition of losses in the event the securities need to be sold. Similarly, a decrease in interest rates could reduce our net interest income, net interest margin, and fee income. A prolonged period of low interest rates may result in us holding lower yielding loans and securities should rates rise rapidly after such a period. Changes in the spread between short-term and long-term interest rates (i.e., the yield curve) can also have a material impact on our net interest income and net interest margin. The yield curve, typically upward sloping with short-term rates lower than long-term rates, could cause our net interest income and net interest margin to decline if it were to flatten or invert, as the cost of our short-term funding is likely to increase relative to the yield we can earn on our long-term assets. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 21 Interest rates and the yield curve are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and the policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies, most notably the Federal Open Market Committee. Although we have policies and procedures designed to manage our interest rate risk as discussed in the “Risk Management” section in Item 7, there can be no assurance that these policies and procedures will be effective in preventing material adverse effects on our profitability. We could fail to attract, retain, or motivate highly-skilled and qualified personnel, including our senior management, other key employees, or members of our Board, which could impair our ability to successfully execute our strategic plan and otherwise adversely affect our business. Our ability to implement our strategic plan and our future success depends on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate highly-skilled and qualified personnel, including senior management, other key employees, and directors. The marketplace for skilled personnel continues to be competitive, which means the cost of hiring, incentivizing, and retaining skilled personnel may continue to rise. The failure to attract and retain highly-skilled and qualified personnel could place us at a significant competitive disadvantage and impair our ability to implement our strategic plan successfully and achieve our performance targets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Limitations on the manner in which regulated financial institutions, such as us, can compensate their officers and employees may make it more difficult for such institutions to compete for talent with financial institutions and other companies not subject to these or similar limitations. If we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected, perhaps materially. A reduction in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Credit ratings affect the cost and associated terms upon which we are able to obtain funding. Rating agencies regularly evaluate us, with their ratings based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. Any downgrade in our ratings would likely increase our borrowing costs and could limit our access to capital markets, which would adversely affect our business. For example, a ratings downgrade could adversely affect our ability to sell or market our securities, including long-term debt, engage in certain longer-term derivative transactions, and retain customers, who may require a minimum credit rating in order to place funds with us. In addition, under the terms of our derivatives contracts, we may be required to post additional collateral or terminate such contracts if we don’t maintain a minimum credit rating. Any of these impacts of a ratings downgrade could increase our cost of funding, reduce our liquidity, and have adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For more information regarding our credit ratings, see the “Liquidity Risk” section in Item 7. Our financial performance may be adversely affected by deterioration in borrower credit quality. Risks arising from actual or perceived changes in credit quality and uncertainty over the recoverability of amounts due from borrowers is inherent in our businesses. If the economic environment were to deteriorate, our borrowers may have difficulty in repaying their loans which could result in higher credit losses and increased loan loss provision expense. Further, our credit risk and credit losses may increase to the extent our loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, collateral type, borrower type, or location of the collateral or borrower. A significant portion of our earning assets are in the form of loans to borrowers across the U.S., primarily for residential, commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, education, and other retail purposes. A deterioration in economic conditions or changes in consumer or business behavior that negatively impact home or commercial property values could, in event of the borrower’s default, result in materially higher credit losses. Similarly, elevated unemployment levels and higher interest rates can adversely affect our customers’ ability to repay their loans, which can negatively impact our credit performance. The credit quality of our borrowers may deteriorate for a number of reasons that are outside our control, including prevailing economic and market conditions and collateral valuations. The trends and risks affecting borrower credit quality have caused, and in the future may cause, us to experience credit losses, impairment charges, increased repurchase demands, higher recovery costs, and an inability to engage in routine funding transactions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 22 Our framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss. Our risk management framework is made up of various processes and strategies to manage our risk exposure and may not be effective under all conditions and circumstances. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. One of the main types of risks inherent in our business is credit risk. An important feature of our credit risk management system is to employ an internal credit risk control system through which we identify, measure, monitor, and mitigate the existing and emerging credit risk of our customers. This process involves a detailed analysis of the customer or credit risk, taking into account both quantitative and qualitative factors, and is inherently subject to human error. In exercising their judgment, our employees may not always be able to assign an accurate credit rating to a customer or credit risk, which may result in our exposure to higher credit risks than indicated by our risk rating system. In addition, we have undertaken certain actions to enhance our credit policies and guidelines to address potential risks associated with particular industries or types of customers. However, we may not be able to effectively implement these initiatives, or consistently follow and refine our credit risk management system, which may result in an increase in the level of nonaccrual loans and a higher risk exposure for us, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Changes in our accounting policies or standards could materially affect how we report our financial results and condition. The FASB and SEC periodically change financial accounting and reporting standards that govern accounting for our financial results and preparation of our consolidated financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which would result in the recasting of our prior period financial statements. Our financial and accounting estimates and risk management framework rely on analytical forecasting and models. The processes we use to estimate loan losses, measure the fair value of financial instruments, and estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations are reliant upon the use of analytical and forecasting models. Some of our tools and metrics for managing risk are based on observed historical market behavior, and we rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values. Models may be used in processes such as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting losses, assessing capital adequacy, and calculating regulatory capital levels, as well as estimating the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items, including goodwill. Poorly designed or implemented models could adversely affect our business decisions if the information is inadequate. In addition, our models may fail to predict future risk exposures if the information used is inaccurate, obsolete, or not sufficiently comparable to actual events as they occur. We seek to incorporate appropriate historical data in our models, but the range of market values and behaviors reflected in any period of historical data is not always predictive of future developments in any particular period and the period of data we incorporate into our models may turn out to be inappropriate for the future period being modeled. In these instances, our ability to manage risk would be limited and our risk exposure and losses could be significantly greater than our models indicated, which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our revenues and profits. Finally, information provided to our regulators based on poorly designed or implemented models could be inaccurate or insufficient, which could adversely affect some of the decisions that our regulators make, including those related to capital distributions to our stockholders, and subject us to supervisory criticism and costs related to remediation. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 23 The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make subjective determinations and use estimates that may vary from actual results and materially impact our financial condition and results of operations. The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements. Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations and, at times, require management to exercise judgment in their application so as to report our financial condition and results of operations in the most appropriate manner. Certain accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and the likelihood that materially different estimates would result under different conditions or through the utilization of different assumptions. Our critical accounting estimates include the ACL, fair value measurements, and the evaluation and measurement of goodwill for impairment. If our estimates are inaccurate or need to be adjusted periodically, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially impacted. For more information regarding our use of estimates in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, see Note 1 in Item 8 and the “Critical Accounting Estimates” section in Item 7. Operational risks are inherent in our businesses. Our operations depend on our ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently and accurately while complying with applicable laws and regulations. Operational risk and losses can result from internal and external fraud; improper conduct or errors by employees or third parties; failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper authorization; failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements and business conduct rules; equipment failures, including those caused by natural disasters or by electrical, telecommunications, or other essential utility outages; business continuity and data security system failures, including those caused by computer viruses, cyber-attacks against us or our vendors, coding errors, or unforeseen problems encountered while implementing new computer systems or upgrades to existing systems; or the inadequacy or failure of systems and controls, including those of our suppliers or counterparties. Although we implement risk controls and loss mitigation actions and devote substantial resources to developing efficient procedures, identifying and rectifying weaknesses in existing procedures and training staff, it is not possible to be certain that such actions have been or will be effective in controlling each of the operational risks we face. Any weakness in these systems or controls, or any breaches or alleged breaches of such laws or regulations, could result in increased regulatory supervision, enforcement actions, and other disciplinary action, especially in light of heightened regulatory expectations around information security, and have an adverse impact on our business, applicable authorizations and licenses, reputation, and results of operations. The financial services industry, including the banking sector, continues to make technological enhancements to meet customer preferences, as well as meet legal and regulatory requirements, and we may not be able to compete effectively as a result of these changes. Technology within the financial services industry continues to evolve and new, unexpected technological changes, including those related to artificial intelligence, could have a transformative effect on the way banks offer products and services. We believe our success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to utilize technology to offer products and services that address the needs of our customers and to create efficiencies in our operations. However, we may not be able to, among other things, keep up with the rapid pace of technological changes, effectively implement new technology-driven products and services, or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. As a result, our ability to compete effectively to attract or retain business may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 24 In addition, changes in the legal and regulatory framework under which we operate require us to update our information systems to ensure compliance. Our need to review and evaluate the impact of ongoing rule proposals, final rules, and implementation guidance from regulators further complicates the development and implementation of new information systems for our business. Regulatory guidance continues to be focused on the need for financial institutions to perform appropriate due diligence and ongoing monitoring of third-party vendor relationships, thus increasing the scope of management involvement and decreasing the efficiency otherwise resulting from our relationships with third-party technology providers. Given the significant number of ongoing regulatory reform initiatives, it is possible that we may incur higher than expected information technology costs in order to comply with current and impending regulations. Also, see “Supervisory requirements and expectations on us as a financial holding company and a bank holding company and any regulator-imposed limits on our activities could adversely affect our ability to implement our strategic plan, expand our business, continue to improve our financial performance, and make capital distributions to our stockholders.” We are subject to a variety of cybersecurity risks that, if realized, could adversely affect how we conduct our business. Evolving technologies, including the introduction of Generative Artificial Intelligence and Large Language Models, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, nation-states, activists, and other external parties present a significant information security risk to large financial institutions such as us. Third parties with whom we or our customers do business also present operational and information security risks to us, including security breaches or failures of their own systems. Risks related to cyberattacks on our vendors and other third parties, including supply chain attacks affecting our software and information technology service providers, are on the rise as such attacks become more frequent and severe. Employee error, failure to follow security procedures, or malfeasance also present these risks. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential information in our computer systems and networks as well as in the third-party computer systems and networks used to provide products and services on our behalf. Although we believe that we have appropriate information security procedures and controls based on our adherence to applicable laws and regulations and industry standards, our technologies, systems, and networks may be the target of cyberattacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, theft, sale, or loss or destruction of the confidential and/or proprietary information of CFG, and our customers, vendors, counterparties, or employees. We and our third-party vendors are under continuous threat of loss or network degradation due to cyberattacks, such as computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, phishing attacks, ransomware, and Distributed Denial of Service attacks (collectively, “fraudulent schemes”). Also, our customers are routinely the target of fraudulent schemes as we continue to expand customer capabilities to utilize the Internet and other remote channels to transact business. Two of the most significant cyberattack risks that we face as a result of these fraudulent schemes are potential loss of funds resulting from customers falling victim to cybercriminal communications directed to them or unauthorized access to sensitive customer data. Cybercriminals can use fraudulent schemes directly targeting our customers or our own systems to compromise and directly extract funds from a customer’s account or access sensitive customer data. Certain technology protections such as Customer Profiling and Step-Up Authentications have been implemented, but there can be no assurance that these protections will be effective. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our layers of defense, to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities internally, to assess and mitigate issues associated with customers that have fallen victim to fraudulent schemes, and perform additional due diligence with respect to our third-party vendors. System enhancements and updates may also create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. Due to the complexity and interconnectedness of information technology systems, the process of enhancing our layers of defense can itself create a risk of system disruptions and security issues. In addition, addressing certain information security vulnerabilities, such as hardware-based vulnerabilities, may affect the performance of our information technology systems. The ability of our hardware and software providers to deliver patches and updates to mitigate vulnerabilities in a timely manner can introduce additional risks, particularly when a vulnerability is being actively exploited by threat actors. Cyberattacks against the patches themselves have also proven to be a significant risk that companies will have to address going forward. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 25 Despite our efforts to prevent a cyberattack, a successful one could persist for an extended period of time before being detected, and, following detection, could take considerable time for us to obtain full and reliable information about the cybersecurity incident and the extent, amount, and type of information compromised. During the course of an investigation, we may not necessarily know the full effects of the incident or how to remediate it, and actions and decisions that are taken or made in an effort to mitigate risk may further increase the costs and other negative consequences of the incident. Moreover, existing regulations may require us to disclose information about a cybersecurity event before it has been resolved or fully investigated. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched, and can be initiated from a variety of sources, including terrorist organizations and hostile foreign governments. These actors may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, or other third-party users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to data or our systems. In the event that a cyberattack is successful, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected. We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Any failure, interruption, or breach in the security of our communication and information system due to, among other things, cyberattacks or our failure to adequately maintain and manage our systems or implement system changes and upgrades, could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan, and other systems. Although our policies and procedures are designed to prevent or limit the effect of the possible failure, interruption, or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that these policies and procedures will be successful and that any such failure, interruption, or security breach will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence of any failure, interruption, or security breach of our information systems could require us to devote substantial resources to recovery and response efforts, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability. Although we maintain insurance coverage for information security events, we may incur losses as a result of such events that are not insured against or not fully covered by our insurance. We rely on third parties for the performance of a significant portion of our information technology. Third parties perform a significant portion of our information technology functions and the provision of information technology and business process services including, but not limited to, the operation of our data communications networks, hosted services, and a wide range of other support services. The success of our business depends in part on the continuing ability of third parties to perform these functions and services in a timely and satisfactory manner, which performance could be disrupted or otherwise adversely affected due to failures or other information security events originating at the third parties or at the third parties’ suppliers or vendors (so-called “fourth party risk”). We may not be able to effectively monitor or mitigate third or fourth-party risk, in particular as it relates to the use of common suppliers or vendors by the third parties that perform functions and services for us. If we experience a disruption in the provision of any functions or services performed by third parties, we may have difficulty in finding alternate providers on terms favorable to us and in reasonable time frames. If these services are not performed in a satisfactory manner, we would not be able to adequately serve our customers. In either situation, our business could incur significant costs and be adversely affected. We are exposed to reputational risk and the risk of damage to our brands and the brands of our affiliates. Our success and results depend on our reputation and the strength of our brands. We are vulnerable to adverse market perception as we operate in an industry where integrity, customer trust, and confidence are paramount. We are exposed to the risk that litigation, employee misconduct, operational failures, the outcome of regulatory or other investigations or actions, press speculation and negative publicity, and perception of our sustainability and governance practices and disclosures, among other factors, could damage our brands or reputation. Our brands and reputation could also be harmed if we sell products or services that do not perform as expected or customers’ expectations for the product are not satisfied. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 26 Unpredictable catastrophic events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations. The occurrence of catastrophic events, including pandemics, terrorists attacks, extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, tropical storms, or tornadoes, and other large-scale catastrophes could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of our borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, and cause significant property damage or operational disruptions, resulting in loss of revenue or causing us to incur additional expenses. Furthermore, although we maintain both business continuity and disaster recovery plans, if a catastrophic event rendered our production and recovery data unusable, there can be no assurance that these plans and related capabilities will adequately protect us from such an event, and our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected. The effects of geopolitical instability may adversely affect us and create significant risks and uncertainties for our business, with the ultimate impact dependent on future developments, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable. Ongoing geopolitical instability, such as the wars in Ukraine and the Middle East, has negatively impacted, and could in the future negatively impact, the global and U.S. economies, including by causing supply chain disruptions, rising prices for oil and other commodities, volatility in capital markets and foreign currency exchange rates, rising interest rates, and heightened cybersecurity risks. The extent to which such geopolitical instability adversely affects our business, financial condition, and results of operations, as well as our liquidity and capital profile, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable, including the extent and duration of the wars and the associated immeasurable humanitarian toll inflicted as a result. If geopolitical instability adversely affects us, it may also have the effect of heightening other risks related to our business. Any deterioration in national economic and political conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our business is affected by national economic and political conditions, as well as perceptions of those conditions and future economic prospects, with changes in such conditions neither predictable or controllable. Adverse economic and political conditions, such as global trade policies, inflationary pressures, and government shutdowns could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. U.S. global trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs and uncertainty surrounding the resolution of trade disputes, or renewal of trade agreements, with various countries, may cause inflation to rise and ultimately affect interest rates. In addition, the risk of government shutdowns could cause volatility in the financial markets by adversely impacting consumer and investor confidence. Unfavorable changes related to these national economic and political conditions may also result in increased delinquencies and defaults among borrowers in light of economic uncertainty, which could require us to charge off a higher percentage of loans and increase the provision for credit losses, ultimately reducing our net income. Climate change manifesting as physical or transition risks could adversely affect our operations, businesses, and customers. There is global concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. The physical risks of climate change include discrete events, such as flooding and wildfires, and longer-term shifts in climate patterns, such as extreme heat, sea level rise, and more frequent and prolonged droughts. Such events could disrupt our operations or those of our clients, customers, or service providers, including through direct damage to assets and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and market volatility. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 27 We are also exposed to risks associated with the transition to a lower-carbon economy in response to concerns around climate change. Such risks may result from changes in policies, laws and regulations, technologies, or market preferences that are intended to address climate change. These changes could adversely impact our or our customers’ business, results of operations, financial condition, and reputation. This could occur as a result of our or our customers’ involvement in, or decision not to participate in, certain industries or projects associated with exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations related to climate change. For example, a number of states in which we operate have enacted or proposed statutes and regulations addressing climate change and sustainability issues, while certain other states have enacted, or have proposed to enact, divergent or sometimes conflicting statutes, regulations, or policies. Uncertainties and changes in legislation, regulations, and/or global standards related to climate risk management and practices may result in higher regulatory, compliance, credit, and/or reputational risks and costs. Risks Related to Our Industry We operate in an industry that is highly competitive, which could result in losing business or margin declines and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We operate in a highly competitive industry, which could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory, and technological changes, as well as continued consolidation. We face aggressive competition from other domestic and foreign lending institutions and from numerous other providers of financial services, including non-banking financial institutions that are not subject to the same regulatory restrictions as banks and BHCs, securities firms and insurance companies, and competitors that may have greater financial resources. With respect to non-banking financial institutions, technology and other changes have lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks. For example, consumers can maintain funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts or mutual funds and can also complete transactions such as paying bills and/or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. In addition, the emergence, adoption, and evolution of new technologies that do not require intermediation, including distributed ledgers such as digital assets and blockchain, as well as advances in automation, artificial intelligence, and robotics, could significantly affect the competition for financial services. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as “disintermediation,” could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. Some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same regulations that we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility in competing for business. As a result of these and other sources of competition, we could lose business to competitors or be forced to price products and services on less advantageous terms to retain or attract clients, either of which would adversely affect our profitability. The conditions of other financial institutions or of the financial services industry could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. Financial services institutions are typically interconnected as a result of trading, investment, liquidity, clearing, counterparty, and other relationships. Within the financial services industry, the default by any one institution could lead to defaults by other institutions. Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant market and customer perception of the risk of similar problems at other institutions. This perception of risk could, in and of itself, lead to adverse impacts on liquidity, as the financial soundness of financial institutions is closely related as a result of the aforementioned relationships. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by various institutions. This systemic risk may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks, and exchanges with which we interact on a daily basis, or key funding providers such as the FHLBs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our access to liquidity or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 28 Risks Related to Regulations Governing Our Industry As a financial holding company and a bank holding company, we are subject to regulation that could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. As a FHC and a BHC, we are subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the FRB. In addition, CBNA is subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the OCC. Our regulators supervise us through examinations and other means that allow them to gauge management’s ability to identify, assess, and control risk in all areas of operations in a safe and sound manner and to ensure compliance with laws and regulations. In the course of their supervision and examinations, our regulators may require improvements in various areas. We may be required to devote substantial resources to meet supervisory expectations or remediate supervisory findings. In addition, the failure to meet supervisory expectations can result in practical limitations on the ability of a bank, BHC, or FHC to engage in new activities, pursue growth opportunities, engage in acquisitions, return capital to shareholders through repurchases or dividends, or continue to conduct existing activities. If we are unable to implement and maintain any required actions in a timely and effective manner, we could become subject to informal (nonpublic) or formal (public) supervisory actions and public enforcement orders that could lead to significant restrictions on our existing business or on our ability to engage in any new business. Such forms of supervisory action could include, without limitation, written agreements, cease and desist orders, and consent orders and may, among other things, result in restrictions on our ability to pay dividends, requirements to increase capital, restrictions on our activities, the imposition of civil monetary penalties, and enforcement of such actions through injunctions or restraining orders. We could also be required to dispose of certain assets and liabilities within a prescribed period. The terms of any such supervisory or enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are a BHC that has elected to become a FHC pursuant to the Bank Holding Company Act. FHCs are allowed to engage in certain financial activities in which a BHC is not otherwise permitted to engage. However, to maintain FHC status, a BHC and all of its depository institution subsidiaries must be “well capitalized” and “well managed.” If a BHC ceases to meet these capital and management requirements, there are many penalties it would be faced with, including the imposition of limitations or conditions on the conduct of its activities by the FRB, as well as the inability to undertake any of the broader financial activities permissible for FHCs or to acquire a company engaged in such financial activities without prior approval of the FRB. If a company does not return to compliance within 180 days, which period may be extended, the FRB may require divestiture of the company’s depository institutions. If we fail to meet FHC requirements and remediate deficiencies in a timely manner, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our regulators may
[...TRUNCATED...]