TICKER=CHD|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CHD_2026-02-12.htm.gz
I TEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The following risks and uncertainties, as well as other factors described elsewhere in this Annual Report or in our other filings with the Commission, could, individually and collectively, have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial results, financial condition and/or the trading price of our Common Stock: Business and Operational Risks • We face intense competition in our markets. We face intense competition from consumer products companies, both in the U.S. and in international markets. Most of our products compete with other widely-advertised promoted and merchandised brands within each product category and from retailers, including supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar and other discount stores, pet and other specialty stores and websites and other e-commerce channels, which are increasingly offering private label and retailer-branded brands and generic non-branded products in certain categories, which typically are sold at lower prices, and consumers are increasingly seeking lower cost “private label” products. In China, in particular we face strong competition from local manufacturers offering both generic and branded products. The use of evolving technology to develop more complex pricing models by retailers has led and may continue to lead to pricing pressures in some categories. In addition, an increase in consumers purchasing more “private label” or other lower price brands has increased competition in certain product categories in particular, including diagnostic kits and oral analgesics, and there has been increased consumer shifts to private label products across multiple categories. Shifting consumer behavior, including continuing shifts to online shopping, has also increased competition in e-commerce in many of our categories, from our larger legacy competitors and newer digitally native brands which have increasingly moved into consumer products and staples. Many of our competitors are large companies, including, among others, P&G, The Clorox Company, Colgate-Palmolive Company, S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc., Nestlé S.A., Haleon plc, Henkel, Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, LifeStyles Healthcare, Kenvue Inc., Pfizer Inc., Bayer AG, NBTY, Inc., Koninklijke Philips N.V., Unilever PLC, Sanofi, Edgewell Personal Care, Panoxyl, Starface, GOJO Industries, Inc., and Peach & Lily. Many of these companies have greater financial resources than we do, and these competitors, as well as new market entrants, may therefore, have the capacity to outspend us on advertising and promotional activities and introduce competing products or adopt new technologies, such as artificial intelligence and machine learning, more quickly, successfully and effectively, and respond more effectively to changing business and economic conditions than we can. Our products generally compete based on performance, brand recognition, price, value or other benefits to consumers. Significant price competition may require us to reduce the prices for some of our products to price levels that do not offset manufacturing cost increases, to respond to competitive and customer pressures and to maintain market share. Increases to our prices, because of inflationary pressures or otherwise, could cause declining sales of products whose prices we have increased. In response to inflationary pressures and other factors, we have raised prices on many of our products across our global portfolio of brands in recent years. Ongoing periods of high inflation or increased costs resulting from higher tariffs imposed by the U.S. or other countries could lead to additional price increases on these or our other products, adversely impacting demand for our products. Advertising, promotion, merchandising and packaging also have a significant impact on retail customer decisions regarding the brands and product lines they sell and on consumer purchasing decisions. A newly introduced consumer product (whether improved or newly developed) usually encounters intense competition requiring substantial expenditures for advertising, sales promotion and trade merchandising. If a product gains consumer acceptance, it normally requires continued advertising, promotional support and product improvements to maintain its relative market position. If our advertising, marketing and promotional programs, including the use of digital and social media to reach consumers, are not effective, our sales growth may decline. • A continued change in the retail environment and changing consumer preferences could cause our sales to decline. Despite increasing shifts to e-commerce, sales of our products remain highest in the traditional mass merchandiser, food and drug retail stores, and our products are also sold in club stores and dollar store channels. However, alternative retail channels, including direct to consumer, e-commerce retailers, hard discounters, subscription services and buying clubs, have become more prevalent and the volume of consumer products that are sold through such alternative retail channels is continuing to increase, which may affect customer and consumer preferences, including any pricing pressures for consumer goods as retailers face added costs to build or further expand their e-commerce capacity. In addition, a growing number of alternative sales channels and business models, such as niche brands, native online brands, private label and store brands, direct-to-consumer brands and channels and discounter channels, have emerged in the markets we serve. In particular, the growing presence of, and increasing sales through, e-commerce retailers have affected, and may continue to affect, consumer behavior or preferences (as consumers increasingly shop online and via mobile and social applications) and market dynamics, including any pricing pressures for consumer goods as retailers face added costs to build their e-commerce capacity. In 2025, some of our largest customers launched private label brands that compete with our products and may continue to expand those offerings in the future. Further, consumer preferences continue to evolve due to a number of factors, including fragmentation of the consumer market and changes in consumer demographics, including the aging of the general population and the emergence of Generation Z and Generation Alpha who have different spending, consumption and purchasing habits and are increasingly shifting to “private label” products and new nontraditional brands rather than maintaining allegiance to historical brands; evolving consumer concerns or perceptions regarding sustainability practices of manufacturers, including the environmental impacts of products and the sourcing and sustainability of, packaging materials, such as plastic 15 packaging, and their environmental impact; greenhouse gas emissions; waste disposal practices; a growing demand for natural or organic products and ingredients; changing consumer sentiment toward non-local products or sources among different demographic groups; evolving consumer concerns or perceptions regarding the effects of ingredients or substances present in certain consumer products; reduced brand loyalty; and concerns regarding human capital practices. We and many of our competitors have increased our online sales as a result of shifting consumer behavior, benefiting from scale, brand recognition, and other factors. However, as consumers continue to shift their behavior, retailers may incur higher e-commerce operating costs and will seek to recover those costs by passing them onto customers and manufacturers. Additionally, we cannot predict the extent to which our increased e-commerce demand will continue or the impact on our profits as retailers seek to recover higher e-commerce related operating costs. Any significant changes in consumer preferences or behavior could materially and negatively impact demand for our products and, in turn, our net sales and results of operations. Consumer preferences are also influenced by the perception of our brand images or those of our products, the success of advertising and marketing campaigns, our ability to engage with consumers in the manner they prefer, including through the use of digital media or assets, and the perception of our advertising content, use of social media and extent of engagement in political and social issues. If we are not successful in continuing to adapt to changing consumer preferences and market dynamics or expanding sales through e-commerce retailers or alternative retail channels, consumers may reduce their purchasing of the Company’s products which would negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. • Volatility and increases in the price of raw and packaging materials or energy costs could erode our profit margins. The principal raw materials and packaging used by us and certain of our suppliers and contract manufacturers include surfactants (cleaning agents), paper products and resin-based molded components. Volatility, and increases in the costs of raw materials without offsetting price increases, disruptions in production or transportation, or increases in the costs of energy, labor, shipping and other necessary services, or other inflationary pressures, including market conditions, inflation, banking failures, supplier capacity restraints, geopolitical developments (including the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East and political upheaval in the Middle East and Europe), tariffs on imported materials or the impact of tariffs on products or materials exported outside of the U.S., new regulations or economic policies, federal government spending disputes and government shutdowns, port congestions, strikes or delays, transport capacity restraints, or other disruptions, could significantly affect our profit margins if we are unable to pass along any higher costs in the form of price increases or otherwise achieve cost efficiencies, such as in manufacturing and distribution. While slowing year-over-year, inflationary pressures continued in 2025, and we continue to be affected by increased costs impacting our supplies, transportation or manufacturing processes which could impact our gross margin. While we have increased prices on a majority of our products in recent years, there is no assurance that we will be able to fully offset any input costs increases, through cost reduction programs or price increases of our products or enter locked-in price arrangements or hedge agreements, especially given the competitive environment. Sustained, those price increases may lead to declines in volume as competitors may reduce their prices or customers may decide not to pay higher prices or to purchase lower priced alternatives, which could lead to sales declines and loss of market share. While we seek to project tradeoffs between price increases and volume, our projections may not accurately predict the volume impact of price increases. In addition, volatility in certain commodity markets could significantly affect our production cost. Additionally, increased tariffs, or proposed increases to tariffs, imposed by the U.S. or other countries could have the impact of increasing costs on a wide range of products and services, including on our products and items used to manufacture and deliver our products, and could lead to increased prices, price volatility and reduced demand for our products. From time to time, we use hedge agreements to mitigate the volatility of commodities and diesel fuel prices. The hedge agreements are designed to add stability to product costs, enabling us to make pricing decisions and lessen the economic impact of abrupt changes in prices over the term of the contract. However, in periods of declining fuel or other commodity prices, the hedge agreements can have the effect of locking us in at above-market prices. • Loss of any of our principal customers could significantly decrease our sales and profitability. A limited number of customers account for a large percentage of our net sales and/or net sales of specific product lines. Walmart is our largest customer, accounting for approximately 23% of net sales in each of 2025, 2024, and 2023. Our top four customers accounted for approximately 44%, 43%, and 44% of net sales in 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. We expect that a significant portion of our net sales will continue to be derived from a small number of customers and that these percentages may increase if the growth of mass merchandisers continues. As a result, changes in the strategies of any of our largest customers, including a reduction in the number of brands they carry or of shelf space they dedicate to private label products, could materially harm our net sales and profitability. Any loss of or significant reduction in sales to one of our key customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Changes in consumer behavior, including continued shifting to online shopping instead of physical retail shopping, could also impact our sales to our largest customers. Some of our retail customers have experienced and may experience in the future declining financial performance, which could affect their ability to pay amounts due to us on a timely basis or at all. If these impacts are prolonged, they can further increase the difficulty of planning for operations. Moreover, the use of evolving technology by our customers to develop more complex pricing models may lead to category pricing pressures. We could also lose a significant customer due to customer service levels or real or perceived product quality or appearance issues. As our business is based primarily upon individual sales orders rather than long-term contracts and most customer agreements include customer termination rights after short notice, many of our customers could reduce their purchasing levels or cease buying products from us at any time and for any reason. 16 • Market category declines and changes to our product and geographic mix may impact the achievement of our sales growth targets, planned pricing and financial results. A significant percentage of our revenues come from mature markets that are subject to high levels of competition where product differentiation is more challenging and price competitors can erode profit margins. During 2025, approximately 82% of our sales were generated in U.S. markets. U.S. markets for consumer products are considered mature and commonly characterized by high household penetration, particularly with respect to our most significant product categories, such as laundry detergents, deodorizers, household cleaning products, toothpastes, antiperspirants and deodorants. Our ability to quickly innovate to differentiate our products (including product packaging and sustainability profiles) to meet changing consumer demands is essential, especially in light of e-commerce significantly reducing the barriers for even small competitors to quickly introduce new brands and products directly to consumers. Even if we are successful in increasing sales within our product categories, a continuing or accelerating decline in the overall markets for our products could have a negative impact on our financial results. We have implemented price increases and may implement additional price increases in the future, including to account for increased costs, which may slow sales growth or create volume declines in the short term as customers and consumers adjust to these price increases. • Decreases in demand for our products would decrease our sales and profitability. Factors that can affect demand include competitors’ products, advertising and pricing actions, inflationary pressures, rates of unemployment, consumer confidence, health care costs, including increased costs as a result of changes in federal regulations, significant shifts in government policies, the deterioration of economic or trade relations between countries or regions, commodity costs, fuel and other energy costs and other economic factors affecting consumer spending behavior, including gasoline and home heating oil pricing, reduced unemployment benefits in periods of high unemployment, restrictions on travel and access to public spaces, and changes in tax policies, other effects of governmental shutdowns or a lapse of appropriations or fear of exposure to or actual impacts of a widespread disease outbreak. In particular, we derive a substantial percentage of our revenues from sales of laundry detergent, and the continued customer demand for these products is critical to our future success. There has been a decrease in demand for some of our products in recent years, including condoms, as a result of demographic and other changes. We believe that inflation drove a decline in consumer spending for our Waterpik brand, as a growing number of water flosser consumers switched to competitors' value-branded products. An increasing number of our products are more discretionary in nature and, therefore, are more likely to be affected by consumer decisions to control spending. • We rely on the policies of our key retail customers. Larger and increasingly consolidated retailers have an increasing influence, and have sought to obtain lower pricing, special packaging inventory practices, logistics or other changes to the customer-supplier relationship as a result of this influence. To the extent we provide concessions or better trade terms to those customers, our profit margins are reduced. Further, if we are unable to effectively respond to the demands of our customers, these customers could reduce their purchases of our products and increase their purchases of products from competitors. Reductions in inventory by our customers, including as a result of consolidation in the retail industry, or these customers managing their working capital requirements, could result in reduced orders for our products and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows for financial periods affected by such reductions. Protracted unfavorable market conditions have caused many of our customers to more critically analyze the number of brands they sell, and reduce or discontinue certain of our product lines, particularly those products that were not number one or two in their category. In addition, private label and retail-branded products sold by retail trade chains are typically sold at lower prices than branded products. As consumers look for opportunities to decrease discretionary spending, our customers have discontinued or reduced distribution of some of our products to encourage those consumers to purchase the customers’ less expensive and, in some cases, more profitable private label and retail-branded products (primarily in the stain fighters, diagnostic kits and oral analgesics categories). • We may be unable to successfully identify, finance, complete and integrate future strategic acquisitions, or successfully complete or realize the anticipated benefits of strategic divestitures. We may continue to pursue and consummate additional acquisitions, divestitures or substantial investments in complementary businesses or products in the future. However, we may not be able to identify and successfully negotiate suitable strategic acquisitions at attractive valuations, obtain financing for future acquisitions on satisfactory terms or otherwise complete future acquisitions. Potential acquisitions may be significantly larger than the ones completed in the past and may require us to increase our levels of debt, potentially resulting in us being assigned a lower credit rating. Increases in interest rates in recent years may make it more difficult to borrow at attractive rates to fund future acquisitions. In recent periods, competition from other consumer products companies that are seeking similar opportunities has been particularly strong, and valuations for potential acquisition assets have been high, which has placed pressure on our ability to identify, structure and execute transactions. In addition, acquisitions and investments entail various risks, including the difficulty of entering new markets, product categories, or business models, the challenges of integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired 17 businesses or products, the potential disruption of our ongoing business and the ongoing business of the acquired company, the need to review and, if necessary, upgrade processes and systems of the acquired company to conform to our own processes and systems and applicable legal and regulatory requirements, managing an increasingly broad and complex range of businesses and products, and, generally, our potential inability to obtain the desired financial and strategic benefits from the acquisition or investment. Any of these risks may divert management and other resources, require us to incur unanticipated costs or delay the anticipated positive impact on our business and results of the acquisition. The risks associated with assimilation are increased to the extent we acquire businesses that have stand-alone operations or businesses that are in new categories that cannot easily be integrated or operations or sources of supply outside of the U.S. and Canada, for which products are manufactured locally by third parties. Acquired companies or operations or newly-created ventures may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. In addition, future acquisitions or investments could result in substantial cash expenditures, the potentially dilutive issuances of new equity by us or the incurrence of additional debt or business acquisition liabilities, or the assumption of contingent liabilities, such as those relating to advertising claims, environmental issues and litigation. To the extent that the economic benefits associated with an acquisition or investment diminish in the future we may be required to record impairments of intangible assets. In addition, if the performance of an acquired company or business is less robust than expected, the Company has in the past recorded, and may, in the future, be required to record, impairments of intangible assets. Any impairment charges could adversely affect the Company's financial condition, margins and results of operations. The Company has divested and may, in the future, divest certain assets, businesses or brands. In 2025, we exited from the Flawless, Spinbrush, Waterpik showerhead businesses and divested of our VMS business. We completed the sale of our VMS business at the end of 2025. These and other future potential divestitures could affect the profitability of the Company as a result of the gains or losses on such sale of a business or brand, the loss of the operating income or sales resulting from such sale or the costs or liabilities that are not assumed by the acquirer that may negatively impact profitability and cash flow subsequent to any divestiture. When we undertake to divest assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty finding buyers or executing alternative exit strategies, which could impact the achievement of our strategic objectives. We could also fail to obtain necessary regulatory approval or incur unexpected or higher costs or charges than planned and could experience unanticipated impacts to our business, any of which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. If the Company is unable to complete a divestiture or successfully transition a divested business, including the effective management of the related separation and overhead costs, transition services, and the maintenance of relationships with customers, suppliers, and other business partners, its business and financial results could be negatively impacted. The Company may also be required to recognize impairment charges or other losses as a result of a divestiture. Adverse economic conditions continue to impact a portion of our businesses and potential recessionary economic conditions may impact consumer demand for certain of our products and put downward pressure on product prices, and we will continue to evaluate our business portfolio. • New products and product line extensions may not gain widespread customer acceptance, may be otherwise discontinued, or cause sales of existing products to decline. Our future performance and growth depend on our ability to successfully identify, develop and introduce new products, product line extensions, products in adjacent categories to our current products, and anticipate changes in consumer preferences. In addition, some of our products have shorter product life spans and depend heavily on our ability to continuously and timely introduce innovative new products to the marketplace. The successful development and introduction of new products involves substantial research, development, marketing and promotional expenditures, which we may be unable to recover if the new products do not gain widespread market acceptance. New product development and marketing efforts, including efforts to enter markets or product categories in which we have limited or no prior experience, have inherent risks. These risks include product development or launch delays, competitor actions, regulatory approval hurdles and the failure of new products and line extensions to achieve anticipated levels of market acceptance. In addition, sales generated by new products could result in an associated decline in sales of existing products. Each year, we introduce new products across the majority of our brands, including launches into new “white space” categories. However, there is no assurance that our new products will continue to have widespread acceptance. Success in launching new products is also dependent on our ability to deliver effective and efficient marketing in an evolving media landscape (including digital and social media), which is subject to dynamic and increasingly restrictive privacy requirements. If product introductions are not successful, costs associated with these efforts may not be fully recouped and our net earnings or margins could be adversely affected. From time to time, we have discontinued certain products and product lines, which resulted in returns from customers, asset write-offs and shutdown costs. We may suffer similar adverse consequences in the future to the extent we discontinue products that do not meet retailer or consumer expectations or no longer satisfy consumer demand. 18 • We are subject to cost overruns and delays, regulatory requirements, and miscalculations in capacity needs with respect to our expansion projects and our manufacturing facilities, as well as disruptions to our manufacturing facilities and those of our contract manufacturers and other suppliers. From time to time, we initiate planned and unplanned expansion projects with respect to our facilities and those of our contract manufacturers and other suppliers which are subject to risks of, and we have from time to time experienced, delay or cost overruns resulting from numerous factors, including the following: shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor; work stoppages; unscheduled delays in the delivery of ordered materials and equipment; unanticipated cost increases; difficulties in obtaining necessary permits or in meeting permit conditions; difficulties in meeting regulatory or quality requirements or obtaining regulatory approvals; availability of suppliers to certify equipment for existing and enhanced regulations; design and engineering problems; failure or delay of third party service providers; and civil unrest, labor disputes, natural disasters and pandemics. If we were to experience delays or cost overruns in the future it could result in product allocation and retailer frustration, the loss of a significant customer or customers and the material decrease of the sales of one or more of our products. In addition, we could miscalculate our anticipated capacity needs in any of our categories, such as our laundry detergent, cat litter and dietary supplement categories, including as a result of meeting the anticipated demand of our customers, or expansion into new product lines or into new markets. Additionally, the supply of our products depends on the uninterrupted efficient operation of our manufacturing facilities and those of our contract manufacturers and other suppliers and our ability to meet customer service levels. The manufacturing of certain of our products is concentrated in one or more of our plants, contract manufacturers or other suppliers, with limited alternate qualified facilities available. Many of our manufacturing processes and those of our contract manufacturers and other suppliers are complex and present difficult technical challenges to obtain the manufacturing yields necessary to operate profitably and may require complex and specialized equipment which can be expensive to repair or replace with required lead times of up to a year. Any event that disrupts or otherwise negatively impacts manufacturing facilities, manufacturing systems or equipment, or contract manufacturers or other suppliers could result in the delivery of inferior products or affect our ability to meet customer requirements or service levels. • We rely on a number of contract manufacturers and suppliers, including sole source contract manufacturers and suppliers for certain products, and supply chain issues may result in product shortages or disruptions to the Company’s business. We rely on a number of contract manufacturers and suppliers for certain of our commodities and raw materials, including sole source suppliers for certain of our raw materials, packaging, product components, finished products and other necessary supplies. New suppliers must be qualified pursuant to our standards and may also have to be qualified under governmental and industry standards and any other standards of our customers, which can require additional investment and time. We could experience material disruptions in production and other supply chain issues, largely because of shortages in supplier labor which continues to impact the availability of many raw and packaging materials, which continues to result in out-of-stock conditions. In addition, continued out-of-stock supplies or products due to supply chain issues may cause our customers to switch to competitors’ products that are more available. Moreover, our relationships with customers could be adversely affected if new or existing suppliers are unable to meet any standards set by us, government or industry regulations, or our customers, if we are unable to contract with suppliers at the quantity, quality and price levels needed for our business, if any of our key suppliers becomes insolvent, ceases or significantly reduces its operations or experiences financial distress, or if any environmental, economic or other outside factors impact its operations. We may be unable to qualify any needed new contract manufacturers or suppliers or maintain supplier arrangements and relationships based on a variety of factors; we may be unable to contract with suppliers at the quantity, quality and price levels needed for our business; certain of our suppliers may not meet the standards of our customers or licensors; or certain of our key contract manufacturers or suppliers may become insolvent or experience other financial distress or face closure or suspension of operations. If any of these events occurs and we have failed to identify and qualify an alternative vendor, then we may be unable to meet our contractual obligations and customer expectations, which could damage our reputation and result in lost customers and sales, or the incurrence of fines or higher than expected expenses. Further, in recent years, we have experienced continuing strain on our supply chain network and its ability to meet demands, including from disruptions from pandemics, ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, and other factors. In addition, our supply chain is dependent on materials, components and other products from Asia and other geographies that may be subject to disruptions in the supply chain, resulting in shortages that would affect our revenue and operating margins. Further, we could miscalculate our anticipated production capacity or expansion needs in any of our categories, such as our mouth rinse or acne treatment categories to meet the anticipated demand of our customers in existing and new markets. • Reduced availability of transportation or disruptions in our transportation network could adversely affect us. We distribute our products and receive raw materials and packaging components primarily by truck, rail and ship and through various ports of entry. Reduced availability of trucking, rail or shipping capacity due to labor shortages, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, including climatic and weather-related events, allocation of assets to other industries or geographies or otherwise, work stoppages, closure of operations due to government restrictions or sick employees or other impacts of pandemics, strikes or shutdowns of ports of entry or such transportation sources, could lead to inflationary cost pressures, cause us to incur unanticipated expenses and impair our ability to distribute our products or receive our raw materials or packaging components in a timely manner, which could disrupt our operations, strain our customer relationships and competitive position. 19 • Investments in our facilities and operations, including investments in new facilities, equipment, technologies and digital transformation, may result in periods of decreased production or increased costs and such investments may not achieve the intended financial benefits. We incur significant costs on an ongoing basis to upgrade and maintain various facilities, equipment, or technologies, including data management, improved equipment, and artificial intelligence to upgrade our operations and increase productivity. Additionally, we have in the past, and may in the future, incur increased costs or periods of decreased production relating to upgrading facilities, equipment and technologies, transferring production among our facilities, utilizing third-party contract manufacturers, closing existing facilities, expanding existing facilities, and opening new facilities. If the cost of our investments is higher than anticipated, the investments are not sufficient to meet our business needs, we are unable to fully utilize new or upgraded facilities, or we are unable to complete our improvement and expansion projects in a timely manner or in accordance with our specifications, we may be delayed in realizing the intended benefits or our financial performance could be negatively affected. • Damage to the reputation of one or more of our leading brands could adversely affect us. Our financial success is directly dependent on the reputation and success of our brands, particularly our power brands. Seven of our brands are designated as "power brands" because they compete in large categories, and we believe they have the potential for significant global expansion. Those seven brands are ARM & HAMMER®; OXICLEAN®; TOUCHLAND®; BATISTE®; WATERPIK®; THERABREATH®; and HERO® and represent approximately 70% of our net sales and profits. The effectiveness of these brands could suffer if our marketing plans or product initiatives do not have the desired impact on a brand’s image or its ability to attract consumers. Our brands could suffer damage to their reputations due to real or perceived, sustainability, quality or safety issues, including as a result of, among other things, significant product recalls, product-related litigation, defects or impurities in our products, product misuse, changing consumer perceptions of certain ingredients or environmental impacts (including packaging, energy and water use and waste management), or allegations of product tampering. In addition, as our sales on various e-commerce platforms grow, we may be unable to prevent sales of counterfeit, pirated, or stolen goods, unlawful or unethical sales, unauthorized resellers online, or sales in violation of our policies. As a result of the decline in market share and a deterioration in the financial performance of our Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (“VMS”) business, which includes the VITAFUSION and L’IL CRITTERS trade names, the Company recorded impairment charges in the third quarter of 2024, and completed the divestiture of the VMS business on December 31, 2025. On May 1, 2025, we announced that we would exit the Flawless, Spinbrush and Waterpik showerhead businesses, which we exited by the end of 2025. Additionally, claims made in our marketing campaigns may become subject to litigation alleging false advertising and could cause us to alter our marketing plans and may affect sales or result in the imposition of significant damages against us. Widespread use of social media and networking sites by consumers has greatly increased the accessibility and speed of dissemination of negative information and misinformation. Negative online consumer reviews or inaccurate posting or comments about us or our brands in the media or on any social networking website, whether accurate or inaccurate, or the disclosure of non-public sensitive information through social media, could generate adverse publicity that could damage the reputation of our brands. In addition, given the association of our individual products with us, an issue with one of our products could negatively affect the reputation of our other products, or us as a whole. In addition, the legal, regulatory and ethical landscape around the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning is rapidly evolving. The Company’s ability to timely adopt and adapt to this emerging technology in an effective and ethical manner may impact its reputation and ability to compete, and this technology could be, among other things, false, biased, or inconsistent with the Company’s values and strategies. Further, the use of generative artificial intelligence tools may compromise confidential or sensitive information, put the Company’s intellectual property at risk, or subject the Company to claims of intellectual property infringement, all of which could damage the Company's reputation. • We are subject to risks related to our expansion and international operations that could adversely affect our results of operations. Our ability to continue to grow our sales and profits is dependent on expanding in the locations in which we already do business and entering into new geographic locations, both of which require significant resources and investments which would affect our risk profile. Further, our international operations subject us to risks customarily associated with foreign operations, including: • Changing macroeconomic conditions in our markets, including as a result of inflation, interest rates, volatile commodity prices and increases in the cost of raw and packaging materials, labor, energy and logistics, which could impact our manufacturing operations and that of our third-party partners; • currency fluctuations; • the Russia/Ukraine war and ongoing and new conflicts in the Middle East and increased tensions between China and Taiwan, and political developments in the Middle East, Europe and elsewhere; • widespread health emergencies, such as COVID-19 or other pandemics or epidemics; 20 • import and export license and taxation requirements and restrictions; • trade restrictions, including local investment or exchange control regulations, increased tariffs or other changes to economic and trade policies in the U.S. or abroad, including tariffs imposed in response to the economic policies of the U.S.; • changes in tariffs and taxes; • the effect of foreign income taxes, value-added taxes and withholding taxes, including the inability to recover amounts owed to us by foreign governments, and the determination of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “I.R.S.”) regarding the applicability of certain regulations, including those promulgated under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, to our international transactions; • the possibility of expropriation, confiscatory taxation or price controls; • restrictions on or the costs related to repatriating foreign profits back to the U.S.; • political or economic instability, and civil unrest; • potential disruption from wars and military conflicts, terrorism or other types of violence; • disruptions in the global transportation network, such as work stoppages, strikes or shutdowns of ports of entry or such other transportation sources, or other labor unrest; • extreme weather events resulting in power loss, damage to infrastructure and reduced economic development in vulnerable areas; • compliance with laws and regulations concerning ethical business practices, including without limitation, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and United Kingdom Bribery Act; • difficulty in enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights; • regulatory and quality system requirements for certain products; and • difficulties in staffing and managing international operations. Major developments in trade relations, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs or sanctions by the U.S. and/or other countries or other changes put in place by the U.S. presidential administration, and any emerging nationalist trends in specific countries could alter the trade environment and consumer purchasing. All the foregoing risks could have a significant impact on our ability to commercialize our products on a competitive basis in international markets. In addition, in all foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, we are subject to laws and regulations that govern foreign investment, foreign trade and currency exchange transactions. The imposition of tariffs on products imported from certain countries in recent years has introduced greater uncertainty with respect to trade policies and government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries. The sanctions introduced in response to the Ukraine conflict have further exacerbated these issues. Major developments in trade relations, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs by the U.S. and/or other countries, and any emerging nationalist trends in specific countries could alter the trade environment and consumer purchasing behavior which, in turn, could have a material effect on our balance sheet and results of operations. All the foregoing risks could have a significant impact on our ability to commercialize our products on a competitive basis in international markets and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position. • Failure to effectively utilize, successfully assert intellectual property rights, and the loss or expiration of such rights, could materially adversely affect our competitiveness. Infringement by us of third-party intellectual property rights could result in costly litigation and/or the modification or discontinuance of our products. We rely on trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws to protect our intellectual property rights. The market for our products depends to a significant extent upon the value associated with our trademarks and brand names. We own the material trademarks and brand names used in connection with the marketing and distribution of our major products both in the U.S. and in other countries. While we hold several valuable patents on our products, they may not serve as an effective barrier to entry for new competitors. Although most of our material intellectual property is registered in the U.S. and in certain foreign countries in which we operate, we cannot be sure that our intellectual property rights will be sufficient or effectively utilized or, if necessary, successfully asserted. There is a risk that we will not be able to obtain and perfect our own intellectual property rights, or, where appropriate, license from others intellectual property rights necessary to support our ability to manufacture, import, export, market and/or sell certain products in certain countries or globally or launch new product. We cannot be sure that these rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged in the future, and we could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions relating to such rights. In addition, even if such rights are obtained in the U.S., the laws of some of the other countries in which our products are or may be manufactured or sold do not protect intellectual property rights to the 21 same extent as the laws of the U.S. 
[...TRUNCATED...]