TICKER=CHKP|YEAR=2026|CAT=fpi|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat2-foreign-adr/20F/2026/CHKP_2026-03-31.htm.gz
Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and growth prospects. Risks Related to Our Business and Our Market • If the market for information and network security solutions does not continue to grow, our business will be adversely affected. • We may not be able to successfully compete, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. • If we fail to enhance our existing products, develop or acquire new and more technologically advanced products, or fail to successfully commercialize these products, our business and results of operations will suffer. • We may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully. • Our business, results of operations and financial condition are subject to, have been and may continue to be adversely affected by the risks of earthquakes, fire, floods, pandemics and other natural events, as well as manmade problems such as power disruptions or terrorism or war, such as the war between Israel, the U.S. and Iran and the ongoing hostilities between Israel and Hezbollah, Hamas and Yemen. • Prolonged economic uncertainties or downturns, globally or in certain regions or industries, could materially adversely affect our business. • If our products fail to protect against attacks and our customers experience security breaches, our reputation and business could be harmed. • Product defects may increase our costs and impair the market acceptance of our products and technology. • We are subject to risks relating to acquisitions. • We are dependent on a limited number of product families. • Competition for highly skilled personnel is intense. • Issues in the development and deployment of AI may results in reputational harm and legal liability and could adversely affect our results of operations. 3 Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third-Parties • We are dependent on a small number of distributors. • We purchase several key components and finished products from limited sources, and we are increasingly dependent on contract manufacturers for our hardware products. • We incorporate third-party technology in our products, which may make us dependent on the providers of these technologies and expose us to potential intellectual property claims. • Failures of the third party technology, third-party servers, cloud service providers, such as Amazon Web Services (“AWS”), and other third-party hardware, software and infrastructure on which we rely could adversely affect our business. Risks Related to Tax, Legal and Regulatory Matters • We are the defendants in various lawsuits and have been subject to tax disputes and governmental proceedings, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. • Uncertainties in the interpretation and application of worldwide tax reforms, complex tax laws and regulations could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate. • Class action litigation due to stock price volatility or other factors could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert our management’s attention and resources. • We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in international markets. • Changes in government trade policies and international trade disputes that result in tariffs and other protectionist measures could adversely affect our business in the future. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property • We may not be able to successfully protect our intellectual property rights, which could cause substantial harm to our business. • We incorporate open source technology in our products which may expose us to liability and have a material impact on our product development and sales. • If a third-party asserts that we are infringing its intellectual property, whether successful or not, it could subject us to costly and time-consuming litigation or expensive licenses, which could harm our business. • Due to the global nature of our business, we must comply with various anti-bribery regimes and any failure to do so could adversely affect our business. Other General Risks and Risks Related to Capitalization and Ownership of Our Ordinary Shares • We are exposed to various legal, business, political, economic, health-related and other risks associated with our international operations; these risks could increase our costs, reduce future growth opportunities and affect our results of operations. • Our actual or perceived failure to adequately protect personal data or customer data, or otherwise comply with data privacy and protection laws and regulations or other technology related regulations, could subject us to sanctions and damages and could harm our reputation and business. • Issues relating to our use of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies, combined with an uncertain legal and regulatory environment, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Repaying and servicing our existing and future debt, including our outstanding convertible notes may require a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our indebtedness. • Our Convertible Notes may impact our financial results, result in the dilution of existing shareholders and create downward pressure on the price of our ordinary shares. • Our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of our outstanding Convertible Notes may be limited. • Our capped call transactions may affect the value of our ordinary shares. • We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the capped call transactions. • Compliance with new and changing corporate governance and public disclosure requirements adds uncertainty to our compliance policies and increases our costs of compliance. 4 • A small number of shareholders own a substantial portion of our ordinary shares, and they may make decisions with which you or others may disagree. • Our cash balances and investment portfolio have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by market conditions and interest rates. • Currency fluctuations may affect the results of our operations or financial condition. • Our information technology systems, networks and products and services have been, and may continue to be, subject to various security threats and cyber security incidents. • We depend on our executive officers and other key employees, and the loss of one or more of these employees or an inability to attract and retain other highly skilled employees could adversely affect our business, and we may not be able to successfully navigate the recent leadership changes while maintaining key aspects of our culture, which could have a significant negative effect on our existing business and our ability to pursue future plans. Risks Related to Our Operations in Israel • The ongoing war and hostilities and other potential political, economic and military instability in Israel, where our principal executive offices and our principal research and development facilities are located, may adversely affect our results of operations. • Our operations may be disrupted by the obligations of our personnel to perform military service. • We are subject to risks in connection with the development of our new campus in Tel Aviv, Israel • The tax benefits available to us require us to meet several conditions, and may be terminated or reduced in the future, which would increase our taxes. • Shareholder rights and responsibilities are, and will continue to be, governed by Israeli law which differs in some material respects from the rights and responsibilities of shareholders of U.S. companies. • Provisions of Israeli law and our articles of association may delay, prevent or make difficult an acquisition of us, prevent a change of control, and negatively impact our share price. • As a foreign private issuer we are not subject to the provisions of Regulation FD or U.S. proxy rules and are exempt from filing certain Exchange Act reports. • As a foreign private issuer whose shares are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”), we may follow certain home country corporate governance practices instead of certain Nasdaq requirements. Risks Related to Our Business and Our Market If the market for information and network security solutions does not continue to grow, our business will be adversely affected The market for information and network security solutions may not continue to grow. Continued growth of this market will depend, in large part, upon: • the continued expansion of internet usage and the number of organizations adopting or expanding intranets; • the continued adoption of “cloud” infrastructure by organizations; • the ability of the infrastructures implemented by organizations to support an increasing number of users and services; • the continued development of new and improved services for implementation across the internet and between the internet and intranets; • the adoption of data security measures as it pertains to data encryption and data loss prevention technologies; • continued access to mobile APIs, APPs and application stores with Apple, Google and Microsoft; • government regulation of the internet and governmental and non-governmental requirements and standards with respect to data security privacy and data protection; and • economic, social, or political conditions, including conditions resulting from a decline in the macroeconomic environment, rising interest rates, exchange rate fluctuations, inflation, global pandemics , global supply chain disruptions and conditions resulting from geopolitical uncertainty and instability or war, including the war between Israel, the U.S. and Iran and its effects on the delivery of goods through the Strait of Hormuz, and the ongoing hostilities between Israel and Hezbollah, Hamas and Yemen, and the Russia-Ukraine armed conflict and the tension between China and Taiwan. 5 In the last few years, global and regional economies around the world and financial markets have remained volatile largely as a result of economic and political uncertainty, the war and hostilities between Israel, the U.S. and Iran, and the ongoing hostilities between Israel and Hezbollah, Hamas and Yemen, rising interest rates, inflation, terrorist groups in Yemen, which limited the movement of marine shipments to Israel through the Red Sea, the war in Ukraine, terrorism, governmental instability and other factors. During this period, many organizations have limited their expenditures and a significant portion of such organizations have remained reluctant to increase their expenditures. If these challenging macroeconomic conditions continue or worsen, our customers may reduce or postpone their technology spending, which could result in significant reductions in sales of our products, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies or increased price competition. Further, if the necessary infrastructure required to operate our industry or complementary products and services are not developed in a timely manner and, consequently, the enterprise security, data security, internet or intranet markets fail to grow or grow more slowly than we currently anticipate, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. Additional details are provided in “