TICKER=CHWY|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CHWY_2026-03-25.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors The following are important factors that could affect our business, financial condition or results of operations and could cause actual results for future periods to differ materially from our anticipated results or other expectations, including those expressed in any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our other filings with the SEC or in presentations such as telephone conferences and webcasts open to the public. You should carefully consider the following factors in conjunction with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, or other risks that we are not aware of become material, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Summary Risk Factors Our business faces significant risks. The risk factors described below are only a summary of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us. These risks are more fully described in this “Risk Factors” section, including the following: Risks Related to Our Business and Operations • Our recent growth rates may not be sustainable or indicative of our future growth and we may not be able to successfully manage challenges to our future growth. • Business disruptions and responsive actions may adversely affect our business operations, financial performance, liquidity and cash flow for an unknown period of time. • If we fail to acquire and retain new customers, or fail to do so in a cost-effective manner, we may be unable to increase net sales, improve margins, and maintain profitability. • If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. • Our continued success is in part dependent on positive perceptions of the Company. • Our operating expenses may increase over the next few years, and we may generate operating losses as we continue to expand our business. • We may be unable to accurately forecast net sales and appropriately plan our expenses in the future. • Our estimate of the size of our addressable markets may prove to be inaccurate. • We may be unable to source additional suppliers or strengthen our existing relationships with suppliers. In addition, the loss of any of our key suppliers would negatively impact our business. • Shipping is a critical part of our business and any changes in, or disruptions to, our shipping arrangements could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • If we do not successfully optimize, operate, and manage the expansion of the capacity of our fulfillment centers, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. • Our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to provide our customers with a cost-effective platform that is able to respond and adapt to rapid changes in technology. • We are subject to risks related to online payment methods. • Our business depends on network and mobile infrastructure, our third-party data center hosting facilities (including cloud-service providers), other third-party providers, and our ability to maintain and scale our technology. Any significant interruptions or delays in service on our websites or mobile applications or any undetected errors or design faults could result in limited capacity, reduced demand, processing delays, and loss of customers or suppliers. 8 • Disruptions to software-as-a-service (“SaaS”) technologies from third parties may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Our failure or the failure of third-party service providers to protect our websites, networks, and systems against cybersecurity incidents, or to otherwise protect our confidential information, could damage our reputation and brand and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Safety, quality, and health concerns regarding our products could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Risks associated with our suppliers and our outsourcing partners, some of which are located outside of the United States (“U.S.”), could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • We are subject to extensive laws and regulations and we may incur material liabilities or costs related to complying with existing or future laws and regulations, and our failure to comply may result in enforcements, penalties, recalls, and other adverse actions. • We may inadvertently not comply with various laws and regulations covering our pet health business, which may subject us to reprimands, sanctions, probations, fines, suspensions, or the loss of one or more of our licenses. • Resistance from veterinarians to authorize prescriptions, or their efforts to discourage pet owners from purchasing from us, could cause our sales to decrease and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, marketing and advertising and consumer protection, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Our ability to utilize net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, and other tax attributes may be subject to certain limitations. • We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights. Additionally, we may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims or other allegations, which could result in substantial damages and diversion of management’s efforts and attention. • We may be subject to personal injury, workers’ compensation, product liability, labor and employment, and other claims in the ordinary course of business. • We rely on the performance of members of management and highly-skilled personnel, and our business could be harmed if we are unable to attract, develop, motivate, and retain highly-qualified and skilled employees. • Uncertainties in economic conditions, industry trends, and market conditions, and their impact on the pet market, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Significant merchandise returns or refunds could harm our business. • We may seek to grow our business through acquisitions or investments in new or complementary businesses, technologies, or offerings, or through other strategic transactions, and the failure to manage these acquisitions, investments, or strategic transactions, or to integrate them with our existing business, could have a material adverse effect on us. • Our business results could be adversely affected if our new offerings are unsuccessful. • Regulation of the sale of insurance for pets is subject to change, and future regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • If we cannot successfully manage the unique challenges presented by international markets, we may not be successful in expanding our operations outside the U.S. and Canada. Risks Related to Our Industry • Competition in the pet products and services health and retail industries, especially Internet-based competition, is strong and presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business. • Government regulation of the Internet and e-commerce is evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these regulations could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Changes in tax treatment of companies engaged in e-commerce may adversely affect the commercial use of our websites and mobile applications and our financial results. Risks Related to Our Controlling Stockholders • Substantial future sales by affiliates of BC Partners (the “BCP Stockholder Parties”) or others of our Class A common stock and/or Class B common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Class B common stock” and together with the Class A common stock, the “common stock”), or the perception that such sales may occur, could depress the price of our Class A common stock. • There could be potential conflicts of interests between us and affiliates of the BCP Stockholder Parties. In addition, our directors may encounter conflicts of interest involving us and the other entities with which they may be affiliated, including matters that involve corporate opportunities. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock • Our stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile and may decline regardless of our operating performance. • The dual class structure of our common stock may adversely affect the trading market for our Class A common stock. 9 • Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of the Company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management, and limit the market price of our Class A common stock. • Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation includes exclusive forum provisions, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. • The BCP Stockholder Parties control the direction of our business and the concentrated ownership of our common stock will prevent other stockholders from influencing significant decisions. • We are a “controlled company” within the meaning of the rules of NYSE and rely on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. • Restrictions in our revolving credit facility could adversely affect our operating flexibility. • The terms of our revolving credit facility may restrict our ability to pay dividends. • We cannot guarantee that our Repurchase Program (as defined below) will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our common stock and could diminish our cash reserves. General Risk Factors • Future litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Our ability to raise capital in the future may be limited and our failure to raise capital when needed could prevent us from growing. • We may experience fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. • If our internal control over financial reporting or our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results, prevent fraud or file our periodic reports in a timely manner, which may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and may lead to a decline in our stock price. • The requirements of being a public company require significant resources and management attention and result in significant legal and financial compliance costs, and changing laws, regulations and standards are creating uncertainty for public companies. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Our recent growth rates may not be sustainable or indicative of our future growth and we may not be able to successfully manage challenges to our future growth. We have experienced significant growth in recent periods. This rate of growth may not be sustainable or indicative of our future rate of growth. We believe that our continued growth in net sales will depend upon, among other factors, our ability to: • acquire new customers and retain existing customers; • increase sales from our new and existing customers; • increase the number of customers and the amount of sales in our Autoship subscription program; • attract new vendors to supply quality products that we can offer to our customers at attractive prices; • retain our existing vendors and have them supply additional quality products that we can offer to our customers at attractive prices; • provide our customers and vendors with a superior and differentiated experience; • expand our private brand product offerings, including through the launch of new brands and expansion into new offerings; • increase the scale of existing private brands; • expand into new territories; • increase the awareness of our brand; • protect our reputation and maintain our positive brand perception; • develop new features to enhance the consumer experience on our websites and our mobile applications; • compete effectively and respond to challenges from existing and new competitors; • develop a scalable, high-performance technology and fulfillment infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably handle increased demand, as well as the deployment of new features and the sale of new products and services; • fulfill and deliver orders in a timely way and in accordance with customer expectations, which may change over time; • anticipate and respond timely to macroeconomic trends and changes to consumer preferences; • hire, integrate and retain talented personnel; • leverage our technological and operational efficiencies; • invest in the infrastructure underlying our websites and other operational systems; and • expand into new offerings or new lines of business in which we do not have prior, or sufficient, operating experience. 10 Our ability to improve margins and maintain profitability will also depend on the factors described above. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to successfully manage any of the foregoing challenges to our future growth. Any of these factors and others not listed could cause our net sales growth to remain flat or decline and may adversely affect our margins and profitability. We have also benefited from increasing pet ownership and discretionary spending on pets. To the extent these trends slow or reverse, our net sales, margins and profitability could be adversely affected. Failure to continue our net sales growth or improve margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should not rely on our historical rate of net sales growth as an indication of our future performance. Business disruptions and responsive actions may adversely affect our business operations, financial performance, liquidity and cash flow for an unknown period of time. Our operations and supply chain could be disrupted by natural or man-made disasters including severe weather, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, fires, power or water shortages, telecommunications failures, materials scarcity and price volatility, terrorism, civil unrest, conflicts or wars, government shutdowns, and health epidemics or pandemics. Several of our fulfillment centers, customer service centers, and corporate offices are located in Florida, Texas, and other areas that are susceptible to hurricanes, sea-level rise, earthquakes, and other natural disasters and severe weather events (including those resulting from climate change). We recognize that the frequency and intensity of natural disasters and severe weather events may continue to increase and as a result, our exposure to these events may increase. A potential result of climate change is more frequent or severe natural disasters or weather events. To the extent such natural disasters or weather events do become more frequent or severe, disruptions to our business and costs to repair facilities or maintain or resume operations could increase. The long-term impacts of climate change may be widespread and unpredictable. These changes over time could also affect, for example, the availability and cost of our products, insurance, commodities and energy (including utilities), which in turn may impact our ability to procure those certain goods or services required for the operation of our business. Therefore, we may experience certain risks, including higher costs, such as uninsured property losses and higher insurance premiums, as well as unexpected disruptions to our business and operations, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Public health crises and the measures taken in response to such events have negatively impacted and may negatively impact our business operations in the future as well. The extent to which any public health crisis may impact our business will depend on future developments that are uncertain and unpredictable, including the duration and severity of such events, their impact on capital and financial markets, the availability and use of vaccines, virus mutations and variants, the length of time for economic and operating conditions to return to prior levels, together with resulting consumer and government behaviors, and numerous other uncertainties. Any of these events could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to execute and capitalize on our strategies for a period of time that is currently unknown. If any of our fulfillment centers were to shut down, suffer substantial labor shortages, or lose significant capacity for any reason, our operations could be significantly disrupted. Our business relies on an efficient and effective supply chain, including the transportation of our products, as well as the effective functioning of our fulfillment centers. Any interruption or malfunction in our fulfillment operations that could negatively affect the flow or availability of our products and result in difficulties in timely obtaining product from vendors and transportation of those products to our fulfillment centers could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. If we fail to acquire and retain new customers, or fail to do so in a cost-effective manner, we may be unable to increase net sales, improve margins, and maintain profitability. Our success depends on our ability to acquire and retain new customers and to do so in a cost-effective manner. In order to expand our customer base, we must, in part, acquire customers who have historically purchased their pet products and services from other retailers, such as traditional brick and mortar retailers, the websites of our competitors, or our suppliers’ own websites. We have made significant investments related to customer acquisition and expect to continue to spend significant amounts to acquire additional customers. We cannot assure you that the net sales from the new customers we acquire will ultimately exceed the cost of acquiring those customers. There are many factors that may result in our inability to acquire or retain customers. If we are unable to acquire or retain customers who purchase products in volumes sufficient to grow our business, we may be unable to generate the scale necessary to achieve operational efficiency and drive beneficial network effects with our suppliers. Additionally, we may be required to incur significantly higher marketing expenses in order to acquire new customers. Consequently, our prices may increase (or may not decrease to levels sufficient to generate customer interest), our net sales may decrease and our margins and profitability may decline or not improve. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. If our efforts to satisfy our customers are not successful, we may be unable to acquire new customers in sufficient numbers to continue to grow our business, and we may be required to incur significantly higher marketing expenses in order to acquire new customers. We also use paid and non-paid advertising. Our paid advertising includes search engine marketing, direct mail, display, television, radio and magazine advertising, paid social media and product placement. Our non-paid advertising efforts include search engine optimization, non-paid social media and e-mail marketing. We have relied on and may continue relying on search 11 engines to drive a significant amount of traffic to our websites. Search engines frequently update and change the logic that determines the placement and display of results of a user’s search, such that the purchased or algorithmic placement of links to our websites can be negatively affected. Moreover, a search engine could, for competitive or other purposes, alter its search algorithms or results, causing our websites to place lower in search query results. If there are changes in the usage and functioning of search engines or decreases in consumer use of search engines, for example, as a result of the continued development of AI technologies, this could negatively impact our websites. We also drive a significant amount of traffic to our websites via social networking or other e-commerce channels used by our current and prospective customers. As social networking and e-commerce channels continue to rapidly evolve, we may be unable to develop or maintain a presence within these channels. If we are unable to cost-effectively drive traffic to our websites, our ability to acquire new customers and our financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, if we fail to increase our net sales per active customer, generate repeat purchases or maintain high levels of customer engagement, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. To manage our growth effectively, we must continue to, among other things, implement our operational plans and strategies, improve and expand our infrastructure of people and information systems and expand, train and manage our employee base. To support our continued growth, we must effectively integrate, develop and motivate our employees. We face significant competition for personnel in the areas where our corporate offices are located, and certain other areas in which we have operations. Failure to manage our hiring needs effectively or successfully integrate our new hires may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, the growth of our business places significant demands on our management and other employees. We are required to manage relationships with a growing number of suppliers, customers and other third parties. Our information technology systems, supply chain operations, and our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support future growth of our customer or supplier base. If we are unable to manage the growth of our organization effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. The growth of our business depends on our ability to accurately predict and timely respond to consumer trends, and meet the requirements of our customers, by successfully introducing new products and services, improving and repositioning our existing products and services and expanding into new offerings. The development and introduction of innovative new products and services and expansion into new offerings involves considerable costs. In addition, it may be difficult to establish new supplier or partner relationships and determine appropriate product selection when developing a new product, service or offering. Any new product, service or offering may not generate sufficient customer interest and sales to become profitable or to cover the costs of its development and promotion and may reduce our operating income. In addition, any such unsuccessful effort may adversely affect our brand and reputation. If we are unable to anticipate, identify, develop or market products, services or new offerings that respond to changes in consumer requirements and preferences, or if our new product or service introductions, repositioned products or services, or new offerings fail to gain consumer acceptance, we may be unable to grow our business as anticipated, our sales may decline and our margins and profitability may decline or not improve. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, while we plan to continue to invest in the expansion of our current offerings and new offerings, we may be unable to maintain or expand our sales, respond timely to changes in regulations or enter into strategic relationships with market-leading suppliers and other market participants. We may encounter certain challenges in manufacturing our products, including the loss of key suppliers and product recalls. Maintaining consistent product quality, competitive pricing, and availability of our products and services for our customers is essential to developing and maintaining customer loyalty and brand awareness. Our inability to sustain the growth and sales of our current and future offerings may materially and adversely affect our projected growth rates, business, financial condition and results of operations. Our continued success is in part dependent on positive perceptions of the Company. We believe that one of the reasons our customers prefer to shop at Chewy is the reputation we have built for providing an exceptional customer experience. To be successful in the future, we must continue to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our reputation and our brand. Reputational value is based in large part on perceptions of subjective qualities, and even isolated incidents may erode trust and confidence and have adverse effects on our business and financial results, particularly if they result in adverse publicity or widespread reaction on social media, governmental investigations, or litigation. Our brand could be adversely affected if our public image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative publicity. Failure to comply or accusations of failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, data privacy, and environmental standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions. Any of these events could adversely affect our business. Additionally, there is an increasing focus from some regulators, investors, and other stakeholders on corporate responsibility and sustainability matters. To the extent our products and services create concerns related to these matters, our reputation may be harmed. 12 Our operating expenses may increase over the next few years, and we may generate operating losses as we continue to expand our business. Our operating expenses may increase over the next several years as we increase our advertising and marketing, launch and expand our offerings and geographical presence, hire additional personnel and continue to develop and enhance features on our websites and mobile applications. Our operating expenses have been affected, and may again be affected, by increased costs as a result of macroeconomic impacts. While it is difficult for us to predict our future results of operations, if we have future negative cash flow or losses resulting from our investment in our business, our financial condition and stock price could be materially and adversely affected. We may be unable to accurately forecast net sales and appropriately plan our expenses in the future. Net sales and results of operations are difficult to forecast because they generally depend on the volume, timing and type of orders we receive, all of which are uncertain. We base our expense levels and investment plans on our estimates of net sales and gross margins. We cannot be sure the same growth rates, trends and other key performance metrics are meaningful predictors of future growth. If our assumptions prove to be wrong, we may spend more than we anticipate acquiring and retaining customers or may generate lower net sales per active customer than anticipated, either of which could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our estimate of the size of our addressable markets may prove to be inaccurate. Data for sales of pet products and services is collected for most, but not all, channels and, as a result, it is difficult to estimate the size of the markets that we operate in and predict the rate at which the markets for our products and services will grow, if at all. While our market size estimates are made in good faith and are based on assumptions and estimates we believe to be reasonable, these estimates may not be accurate. If our estimates of the size of our addressable markets are not accurate, our potential for future growth may be less than we currently anticipate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be unable to source additional suppliers or strengthen our existing relationships with suppliers. In addition, the loss of any of our key suppliers would negatively impact our business. If we are unable to attract and retain suppliers, we may be unable to maintain or expand our supplier network, which would negatively impact our business. We also purchase significant amounts of products from a number of suppliers with limited supply capabilities. There can be no assurance that our current suppliers will be able to accommodate our anticipated growth or continue to supply current quantities at preferential prices. An inability of our existing suppliers to provide products in a timely or cost-effective manner could impair our growth and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For instance, we have experienced disruptions by existing suppliers being unable to supply us with products in a timely or cost-effective manner. While we believe these disruptions were temporary, they may occur again and a continued inability of our existing suppliers to provide products or other product supply disruptions that may occur in the future could impair our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any of our significant pet product suppliers discontinue selling to us at any time or discontinue offering us any preferential pricing or exclusive incentives, we could experience a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, in our experience, it can be challenging to persuade pet food buyers to switch to a different product, which could make it difficult to retain certain customers if we lose a pet food supplier, thereby exacerbating the negative impact of such loss on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We continually seek to expand our base of suppliers and to identify new pet products. If we are unable to identify or enter into distribution relationships with new suppliers or to replace the loss of any of our existing suppliers, we may experience a competitive disadvantage, our business may be disrupted and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Most of the premium pet food brands that we purchase are not widely carried in supermarkets, warehouse clubs or mass merchants. If any premium pet food manufacturers were to make premium pet food products more widely available in supermarkets or through mass merchants, or if the premium brands currently available to supermarkets and mass merchants were to increase their market share at the expense of the premium brands sold only through specialty pet food and supplies retailers, our ability to attract and retain customers and our competitive position may suffer. Furthermore, if supermarkets, warehouse clubs or mass merchants begin offering any of these premium pet food brands at lower prices, our sales and gross margin could be adversely affected. Certain of our principal suppliers currently provide us with incentives related to various trade allowances, cooperative advertising and market development funds. A reduction or discontinuance of these incentives could reduce our overall profitability. Similarly, if one or more of our suppliers were to offer certain incentives, including preferential pricing, to our 13 competitors, our competitive advantage could be reduced, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Shipping is a critical part of our business and any changes in, or disruptions to, our shipping arrangements could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have relied on and, will continue to rely on, third-party national, regional and local logistics providers to ship and deliver our products. If we are not able to negotiate acceptable pricing and other terms with these providers, or if these providers experience performance problems or other difficulties in processing our orders or delivering our products to customers, it could negatively impact our results of operations and our customers’ experience. In addition, our ability to receive inbound inventory efficiently and ship merchandise to customers may be negatively affected by factors beyond our and these providers’ control, including inclement weather, fire, flood, power loss, earthquakes, acts of war or terrorism or other events, such as labor disputes, financial difficulties, volatility in the prices of fuel, gasoline and commodities such as paper and packing supplies, system failures and other disruptions to the operations of the shipping companies on which we rely. We are also subject to risks of damage or loss during delivery by our shipping vendors. If the products ordered by our customers are not delivered in a timely fashion or are damaged or lost during the delivery process, our customers could become dissatisfied and cease buying our products, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, due to conditions beyond our control, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, disruptions and delays in national, regional and local shipping, which may negatively impact our customers’ experience and our results of operations. These conditions may disrupt our suppliers and logistics providers and other third-party delivery agents, as their workers may be unable to report to work and transporting products within regions or countries may be limited due to extended holidays, factory closures, port closures, labor disputes, and increased border controls and closures, among other things. We have incurred and may continue to incur higher shipping costs due to various surcharges by third-party delivery agents. If we are unable to recover these additional costs, our margins and profitability may be adversely affected. If we do not successfully optimize, operate, and manage the expansion of the capacity of our fulfillment centers, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. If we do not optimize and operate our fulfillment centers successfully and efficiently, it could result in excess or insufficient fulfillment capacity, an increase in costs or impairment charges or harm to our business in other ways. In addition, if we do not have sufficient fulfillment capacity or experience problems fulfilling orders in a timely manner, including as a result of unforeseen disruptions, our customers may experience delays in receiving their purchases, which could harm our reputation, our relationship with our customers and our results of operations. In addition, we have had to, and may again have to, pause operations at a fulfillment center, which resulted in, and could again result in, delayed or canceled orders. These actions or other actions that we may take in response to unforeseen circumstances that have the effect of delaying or canceling orders could negatively impact our customers’ experience and our ability to maintain, protect or enhance our brand. We have also experienced, and may continue to experience, disruptions to our supply chain operations and labor workforce availability due to factors beyond our control. If we are unable to successfully optimize our fulfillment centers or manage inventory effectively, it could increase costs and adversely affect our business. We have designed and built our own fulfillment center infrastructure which is tailored to meet the specific needs of our business, including customizing third-party inventory and package handling software systems and automated fulfillment capabilities. If we continue to add fulfillment and warehouse capabilities, add new businesses or categories with different fulfillment requirements or change the mix in products that we sell, our fulfillment network could become increasingly complex and operating it may become more challenging. Failure to successfully address such challenges in a cost-effective and timely manner could impair our ability to timely deliver our customers’ purchases and could harm our reputation and ultimately, our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have added and may continue to add additional fulfillment center capacity as our business continues to grow and our offerings expand. We cannot assure you that we will be able to locate suitable facilities on commercially acceptable terms, nor can we assure you that we will be able to recruit qualified managerial and operational personnel to support our expansion plans. If we are unable to secure new facilities for the expansion of our fulfillment operations, recruit qualified personnel to support any such facilities, or effectively control expansion-related expenses, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. There is no guarantee that any new fulfillment center will achieve our desired level of efficiency in a reasonable amount of time, or at all. If we grow faster than we anticipate, we may exceed our fulfillment center capacity sooner than we anticipate, we may experience problems fulfilling orders in a timely manner or our customers may experience delays in receiving their purchases, which could harm our reputation and our relationship with our customers, and we would need to increase our capital expenditures more than anticipated and in a shorter time frame than we currently anticipate. Our ability to operate and potentially expand our fulfillment center capacity, including our ability to secure suitable facilities and recruit qualified employees, may be affected by unforeseen circumstances and macroeconomic impacts. Many of the expenses and investments with respect to our fulfillment centers are fixed, and any expansion of such fulfillment centers will require additional investment of capital. We have incurred, and may again incur, increased capital expenditures for our fulfillment center operations as our business continues to grow. We would typically incur such expenses and make such investments in advance of expected sales, and such expected sales may not occur. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 14 Our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to provide our customers with a cost-effective platform that is able to respond and adapt to rapid changes in technology. Our customers generally access the Internet through devices other than personal computers, including mobile phones, handheld computers such as notebooks and tablets, video game consoles and television set-top devices. The versions of our websites and mobile applications developed for these devices may not be compelling to consumers. Adapting our services and/or infrastructure to these devices, as well as other new Internet, networking or telecommunications technologies, could be time-consuming and could require us to incur substantial expenditures, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, as new mobile devices and platforms are released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in developing applications for alternative devices and platforms and we may need to devote significant resources to the creation, support and maintenance of such applications. If we are unable to attract consumers to our websites or mobile applications through these devices or are slow to develop a version of our websites or mobile applications that is more compatible with alternative devices, we may fail to capture a significant share of consumers in the pet food and accessory market and could also lose customers, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our technology platform may also use open-source software. The use of such open-source software may subject us to certain conditions, including the obligation to offer, distribute, or disclose our technology platform for no or reduced cost, make the proprietary source code subject to open-source software licenses available to the public, license our software and systems that use open-source software for the purpose of making derivative works, or allow reverse assembly, disassembly, or reverse engineering. We monitor our use of open-source software to avoid subjecting our technology platform to conditions we do not intend. However, if our technology platform becomes subject to such unintended conditions, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We expect AI technologies to become increasingly important to e-commerce businesses. As our competitors develop and expand their strategic use of AI, our operations and profitability could be adversely impacted if we fail to utilize those technologies. We continually consider whether to upgrade existing technologies (including AI) and business applications and we may be required to implement new technologies in the future. The implementation of upgrades and changes may require significant investments. Our results of operations may be affected by the timing, effectiveness and costs associated with the implementation of any upgrades or changes to our systems and infrastructure. In the event that it is more difficult for our customers to buy products from us on their mobile devices, or if our customers choose not to buy products from us on their mobile devices or to use mobile products that do not offer access to our websites, we could lose customers and fail to attract new customers. As a result, our customer growth could be harmed and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. We are subject to risks related to online payment methods. We currently accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit card, debit card, PayPal, Apple Pay, BNPL, and gift cards and may offer new payment options over time. These payment options subject us to additional regulations and compliance requirements and may also increase our exposure to fraud, criminal activity and other risks. For certain payment methods, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower profitability. We are also subject to payment card association operating rules and certification requirements, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”) and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. Failure to comply with PCI DSS or to meet other payment card standards may result in the imposition of financial penalties or the allocation by the card brands of the costs of fraudulent charges to us. Furthermore, as our business changes, we may be subject to different rules under existing standards, which may require new assessments that involve additional costs for compliance. In the future, as we offer new payment options to consumers, including by way of integrating emerging mobile and other payment methods, we may be subject to additional regulations, compliance requirements and the potential for fraud. If we fail to comply with the rules or requirements of any provider of a payment method we accept, if the volume of fraud in our transactions limits or terminates our rights to use payment methods we currently accept, or if a data breach occurs relating to our payment systems, we may, among other things, be subject 
[...TRUNCATED...]