TICKER=CINF|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CINF_2026-02-23.htm.gz
I TEM 1 A . Risk Factors Our business involves various risks and uncertainties that may affect achievement of our business objectives. Many of the risks could have ramifications across our organization. For example, risks related to setting insurance rates and establishing and adjusting loss reserves could have an impact on our investment activities, growth and overall results if actual results differ from our assumptions, judgments or estimates in these areas. The following discussion should be viewed as a starting point for understanding the significant risks we face. We organized the risks within each section to express the level of impact each could have on the company’s value. This ordering contemplates both the magnitude and probability of a particular risk. It is not a definitive summary of their potential impacts or of our strategies to manage and control the risks. See Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for a discussion of those strategies. If any risks or uncertainties discussed here have or will develop into actual events, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The failure of our risk management strategies could also have a material adverse impact. In that case, the market price of our common stock could decline materially. Readers should carefully consider this information together with the other information we have provided in this report, other reports and materials we file periodically with the Securities and Exchange Commission, news releases and other information we disseminate publicly. Risks related to insurance operations Loss reserves, our largest liability, are based on estimates and could be inadequate to cover actual losses. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared using GAAP. These principles require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. For a discussion of the significant accounting policies we use to prepare our financial statements, the material implications of uncertainties associated with the methods, assumptions and estimates underlying our critical accounting policies and the process used to determine our loss reserves, refer to Item 8, Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements, and Item 7, Critical Accounting Estimates, Property Casualty Insurance Loss and Loss Expense Reserves and Life Insurance Policy Reserves. Our most critical accounting estimate is loss reserves. Loss reserves are estimates and are inherently uncertain; they do not and cannot represent an exact measure of liability. Inflationary scenarios, especially scenarios outside of historical norms, or regulatory changes that affect the assumptions underlying our critical accounting estimates, may make it more difficult to estimate loss reserves. Examples of inflation effects include adverse changes in the tort environment caused by more aggressive attorney involvement in insurance claims, increased litigation, expanded theories of liability, higher jury awards, lawsuit abuse and third-party litigation funding. Accordingly, our loss reserves for past periods could prove to be inadequate to cover our actual losses and related expenses. Any changes in these estimates are reflected in our results of operations during the period in which the changes are made. An increase in our loss reserves would decrease earnings, while a decrease in our loss reserves would increase earnings. Unforeseen losses, or unintended coverages, the type and magnitude of which we cannot predict, may emerge. These additional losses could arise from changes in the legal environment, new or amended laws and regulations, climate change, catastrophic events, increases in loss severity or frequency, environmental claims, mass torts or other causes such as social inflation. Such future losses could be substantial. Elevated inflation in recent periods has significantly increased our loss costs in our auto and property businesses. It is possible that inflation could remain at high levels for a prolonged period or increase further, leading to additional increases in our loss costs. In addition, a significant portion of claims costs consists of medical costs. As a result, an increase in medical inflation could materially and adversely impact our loss costs and our loss reserves. Recent changes in the macroeconomic environment have impacted medical labor and materials costs, the potential persistency of which could result in future loss costs that are higher than our current expectations. Our life policy reserves are also subject to uncertainty. Periods of higher death claims outside of long-term historical norms and not anticipated within our actuarial models could make our life policy reserves inadequate to cover actual future death claims. Increases in estimates of future death claims would increase life policy reserve levels and in turn decrease earnings. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 30 Table of Contents In addition to the risks stated above, Cincinnati Re reserves are subject to uncertainty because a reinsurer relies on the original underwriting decisions and claims reserving practices of ceding companies. As a result, we are subject to the risk that ceding companies may not have adequately evaluated the risks reinsured by us and the premiums ceded may not adequately compensate us for the risks we assume. In addition, there is generally a longer lapse of time from the occurrence of the event to the reporting of the loss or benefit to the reinsurer and ultimate resolution or settlement of the loss. Similar risks exist for Cincinnati Global due to potential delays in loss reporting. Because of the inherent uncertainties involved in setting reserves, we cannot provide assurance that our existing reserves or future reserves will prove adequate in light of subsequent events. Our results of operations and financial condition have in the past been, and in the future could be, materially affected by adverse loss development for events that we insured in prior periods. We could experience an unusually high level of losses due to natural or man-made catastrophe, terrorism or epidemic events or risk concentrations. Our insurance operations expose us to claims arising out of catastrophes, which can be man-made or caused by natural perils in the U.S. or worldwide. Man-made catastrophes include, but are not limited to, industrial accidents, terrorist attacks, wars, cyberattacks, infrastructure failures, social unrest and riot. Other man-made events, such as hydraulic fracturing could cause damage from earth movement, while chemicals and other contaminants could create environmental and/or health hazards that in turn generate insurance losses. The geographic regions in which we market insurance and reinsurance are exposed to numerous natural catastrophes, such as: • Hurricanes • Earthquakes • Landslides • Severe convective storms, tornadoes, windstorms, hailstorms and flooding • Wildfires • Winter storms On a worldwide basis, in the event of a severe catastrophic event or terrorist attack we may be exposed to material losses through our Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global operations. Due to the nature of these events, we are unable to precisely predict the frequency, severity or potential cost of catastrophe occurrences. The extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of insured and reinsured exposure in the area affected by the event and the severity of the event. Our ability to appropriately manage catastrophe risk depends partially on catastrophe models, which may be affected by inaccurate or incomplete data, the uncertainty of the frequency and severity of future events and the uncertain impact of climate change. Additionally, these models are recalibrated and changed over time, with more data availability and changing opinions regarding the effect of current or emerging loss patterns and conditions. See Item 7, Liquidity and Capital Resources, Modeled Catastrophe Loss Exposure, for a further discussion of the loss estimates derived from these models. According to these models, probable maximum loss estimates from a single hurricane event that combines the effects of property casualty insurance written on a direct basis by The Cincinnati Insurance Companies, the Cincinnati Re reinsurance portfolio and risks insured by Cincinnati Global include the following amounts, net of amounts recoverable through reinsurance ceded and income taxes, and including the effects of estimated reinstatement premiums: $632 million for a once-in-a-100-year event and $987 million for a once-in-a-250-year event. See Item 7, Liquidity and Capital Resources, Modeled Catastrophe Loss Exposure, for a discussion of modeled losses considered in evaluating our risk mitigation strategy, which includes our ceded reinsurance program. The occurrence of terrorist attacks in the geographic areas we serve could result in substantially higher claims under our insurance policies than we have anticipated. Some of our insurance policies provide coverage for terrorism risk in all areas we serve, including Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities. We have exposure to small co-op utilities, water utilities, wholesale fuel distributors, small shopping malls and small colleges throughout our 46 active states. Because of the number of associates located at our Fairfield, Ohio, headquarters, it is also exposed to terrorism risk. Additionally, our life insurance subsidiary could be adversely affected in the event of a terrorist event or an epidemic, particularly if the epidemic were to affect a broad range of the population or affect the overall economy. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 31 Table of Contents A catastrophe or epidemic event also could affect our operations by damaging our headquarters facility, injuring associates and visitors or disrupting our associates’ ability to perform their assigned tasks. Our associate health plan is self-funded and could similarly be affected. Our results of operations would be adversely affected if the level of losses we experience over a period of time were to exceed our actuarially determined expectations. In addition, our financial condition may be adversely affected if we were required to sell securities prior to maturity or at unfavorable prices to pay an unusually high level of loss and loss expenses. Securities pricing might be even less favorable as a result of widespread losses and catastrophic events impacting a number of other companies and insurers. We also have been and may in the future be exposed to state guaranty fund assessments if other carriers in a state cannot meet their obligations to policyholders. We market our standard market property casualty insurance products in 46 states, but our business is concentrated in the Midwest and Southeast, with a growing presence in California and New York. Our geographic concentration links our performance to business, economic, environmental and regulatory conditions in some states more than others. We also have exposure in states where we do not actively market insurance when clients of our independent agencies have businesses or properties in multiple states or we provide insurance through Cincinnati Global and reinsurance through Cincinnati Re. Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global provide reinsurance or insurance coverage for property catastrophe events on a worldwide basis, including coverage for losses due to war, terrorism or political violence. Wars can occur anywhere, and our results of operations could be adversely affected, especially if effects of wars expand over time and space. We have limited direct exposure within our insurance operations to businesses or individuals in Russia, Ukraine or Gaza. We have exposure within our insurance operations, primarily through reinsurance treaties, to insured losses related to wars that include risks in the Middle East region. If hostilities expand in these regions or war breaks out in a new region, causing a high frequency of loss events, or a single extreme event, during the coverage period of our treaties or policies, our financial position and results of operations could be materially affected. Cincinnati Re is staffed with seasoned underwriting and analytical associates who strive to assume risks that we understand, both quantitatively and qualitatively, but given their global scope, a failure of their risk selection and modeling could materially affect our financial position and results of operations. We are also expanding Cincinnati Global, our global specialty underwriter with premiums primarily for U.S. and international property exposures. Cincinnati Global also writes North American and United Kingdom (U.K.) contingency and event cancellation coverage and worldwide credit and political risk coverage and political violence coverage. If there is a high frequency of large property catastrophe or terrorism events, or a single extreme event, during the coverage period of Cincinnati Global’s policies, our financial position and results of operations could be materially affected. Climate change may adversely impact our results of operations and/or our financial position. Scientists have linked global climate change from rising planet temperatures over the last several decades to a number of factors that contribute to the increased unpredictability, frequency, duration and severity of weather events. This includes changing weather patterns, a rise in ocean temperatures and sea level. Certain catastrophe models assume an increase in frequency and severity of certain weather or other events, which could result in a disproportionate impact on insurers with certain geographic concentrations of risk. Changes in climate and/or weather patterns may increase the frequency and/or intensity of severe weather and natural catastrophe events, including hurricanes, heavy precipitation events, heavy wind events, flash flooding, sea level rise, droughts, heat waves and wildfires potentially leading to increased insured losses. A continuation of these trends would also likely increase the risks of writing property insurance in coastal areas or areas susceptible to wildfires or flooding, or in areas susceptible to heavy wind events. The risk could be even greater in jurisdictions that restrict pricing and underwriting flexibility. We cannot predict how legal, regulatory or social responses to concerns about climate change may impact our business. Our pricing and capital models could be flawed. We use various actuarial pricing methods, predictive pricing and underwriting models, stochastic models and/or forecasting techniques to help us understand our business, analyze risk and estimate future trends. The output of these techniques and models assists us in making underwriting, pricing, reinsurance, reserving and capital decisions and helps us set our strategic direction. These models contain numerous assumptions, including the assumption that the data used is sufficient and accurate. They are also subject to uncertainties and limitations inherent in any statistical analysis. Actual results may be materially different from modeled output, resulting in pricing our products incorrectly, overestimating or underestimating reserves, or inaccurately forecasting the impact of modeled events on our results. This could materially adversely impact the results of our operations. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 32 Table of Contents Our ability to properly underwrite and price risks and increased competition could adversely affect our results. Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows depend on our ability to underwrite and set rates accurately for a full spectrum of risks. We establish our pricing based on assumptions about the level of losses that may occur within classes of business, geographic regions and other criteria. To properly price our products, we must collect, properly analyze and use data to make decisions and take appropriate action; the data must be sufficient, reliable and accessible. We also need to develop appropriate rating methodologies and formulae; and we need to identify and respond to trends quickly. We may overestimate or underestimate loss cost trends or these trends may unexpectedly change – such as inflation in recent years outside of historical norms – leading to losing business by pricing risks above our competitors or charging rates too low to maintain profitability. Legal trends in recent years have also made it more difficult to determine adequate pricing, including adverse changes in the tort environment caused by more aggressive attorney involvement in insurance claims, increased litigation, expanded theories of liability, higher jury awards, lawsuit abuse and third-party litigation funding. If rates are not accurate, we may not generate enough premiums to offset losses and expenses, or we may not be competitive in the marketplace. Cincinnati Global has additional risks due to its reliance on coverholders in underwriting parts of its business. Our ability to set appropriate rates are hampered if states where we write business refuse to allow rate increases that we believe are necessary to cover the risks insured. A state could also hamper our ability to set appropriate rates if it no longer allows us to use factors that we believe are predictive of loss, such as credit-based factors. Limitations on our ability to use various types of artificial intelligence (AI) in the development of pricing precision could adversely affect underwriting results. Multiple states require us to purchase reinsurance from a mandatory reinsurance fund. Such reinsurance funds can create a credit risk for insurers if not adequately funded by the state and, in some cases, the existence of a reinsurance fund could affect the prices charged for our policies. The effect of these and similar arrangements could reduce our profitability in any given period or limit our ability to grow our business. The insurance industry is cyclical and competitive. From time to time, the industry goes through prolonged periods of intense competition during which it is more difficult to attract new business, retain existing business and maintain profitability. Competition in our insurance business is based on many factors, including: • Competitiveness of premiums charged • Relationships among carriers, agents, brokers and policyholders • Underwriting and pricing methodologies • Compensation provided to agents • Underwriting discipline • Terms and conditions of insurance coverage • Speed with which products are brought to market • Product and marketing innovations, including advertising • Technological competence and innovation • Ability to control expenses • Quality of services and tools provided to agents and policyholders • Claims satisfaction and reputation We compete with major U.S., Bermudian, European, and other international insurers and reinsurers and with underwriting syndicates, some of which have greater financial, marketing and management resources than we do. Industry consolidation, including business combinations among insurance and other financial services companies, has resulted in larger competitors with even greater financial resources. We also compete with new companies that continue to enter the insurance and reinsurance markets. In addition, capital market participants have created alternative products that are intended to compete with Cincinnati Re's reinsurance products. Increased competition could result in fewer submissions, lower premium rates, and less favorable policy terms and conditions, which could reduce our underwriting margins and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 33 Table of Contents If our pricing were incorrect or we were unable to compete effectively because of one or more of these factors, our premium writings could decline and our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Large competitors could intentionally disrupt the market by targeting certain lines or underpricing the market. See the discussion of our Commercial Lines, Personal Lines, Excess and Surplus Lines and Life Insurance Segments in Item 1, Our Segments, for a discussion of our competitive position in the insurance marketplace. We rely primarily on independent insurance agents to distribute our products. We market our main products, insurance policies for businesses and individuals, through independent, nonexclusive insurance agents. These agents sell our competitors’ products and are not obligated to promote our products. We must offer insurance products that meet the needs of these agents and their clients. We need to maintain good relationships with the agents who market our products. If we do not, these agents may market our competitors’ products instead of ours. This could lead to a less desirable mix of business and affect our results of operations. Certain events or conditions could diminish our agents’ desire to produce business for us and the competitive advantage that our independent agents enjoy, including: • Downgrade of the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries. • Concerns that doing business with us is difficult or not profitable, perceptions that our level of service is no longer a distinguishing characteristic in the marketplace, perceptions that our products do not meet the needs of our agents’ clients or perceptions that our business practices are not compatible with agents’ business models. • Mergers and acquisitions of agencies could result in a concentration of a significant amount of premium in one agency or a small number of agencies. • Delays in the development, implementation, performance and benefits of technology systems and enhancements or independent agent perceptions that our technology solutions do not match their needs. Certain changes to our independent agency appointment strategy could affect our results of operations, including: • A reduction in the number of independent agencies marketing our products. • The failure of agencies to successfully market our products or pay amounts due to us, • Changes in the strategy or operations of agencies or the choice of agencies to reduce their writings of our products. • Inability to replace underperforming or nonperforming agencies with agencies that produce adequate and profitable premiums. • A decline in the quality of independent agencies we are appointing. Our ability to react to changes in consumer behavior and preferences. The appeal of our value proposition could be affected by an unexpected change in the commoditization of insurance products. Policyholders may choose a competitor’s product rather than our own because of real or perceived differences in price, terms and conditions, coverage or service. If the quality of the independent agencies with which we do business were to decline, that also might cause policyholders to purchase their insurance through different agencies or channels. Consumers, especially in the personal insurance industry segment, may increasingly choose to purchase insurance from distribution channels other than independent insurance agents. Increased advertising by insurers, especially direct marketers, could cause consumers to shift their buying habits, bypassing independent agents altogether. Innovation, new or changing technologies and/or buying trends or consumer preferences could reduce or eliminate the need or demand for products we sell. Economic downturns or other events have in the past and may in the future result in a softening of the insurance market and agents or consumers choosing a competitor’s product that may in turn adversely affect our premium revenues and underwriting profit. Such economic events experienced during recent periods included elevated inflation, global supply chain disruptions, implementation of tariffs, increasing interest rates, tightening credit markets and higher fuel costs. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 34 Table of Contents Our ability to obtain or collect on our reinsurance protection could affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We buy property casualty and life reinsurance coverage to mitigate the liquidity risk and earnings volatility risk of an unexpected rise in claims severity or frequency from catastrophic events or a single large loss. The availability, amount and cost of reinsurance depend on market conditions and may vary significantly. If we were unable to obtain reinsurance on acceptable terms and in appropriate amounts, our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our reinsurers might experience significant losses, potentially jeopardizing their ability to pay losses we cede to them. It could also reduce the availability of reinsurance. If we cannot obtain adequate reinsurance or primary insurance coverage at a reasonable cost, it could constrain how much business we can write. In addition, we are subject to credit risk with respect to our reinsurers. Although we purchase reinsurance to manage our risks and exposures to losses, this reinsurance does not discharge our direct obligations under the policies we write. We would remain liable to our policyholders even if we were unable to recover what we believe we are entitled to receive under our reinsurance contracts. Reinsurers might refuse or fail to pay losses that we cede to them, or they might delay payment. For long-tail claims, the creditworthiness of our reinsurers may change before we can recover amounts to which we are entitled. A reinsurer’s insolvency, inability or unwillingness to make payments under the terms of its reinsurance agreement with our insurance subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. See Item 7, Liquidity and Capital Resources, 2026 Reinsurance Ceded Programs, for a discussion of selected reinsurance transactions. Our credit ratings or financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could be downgraded. We believe our strong insurer financial strength ratings, in particular, the A+ (Superior) ratings from A.M. Best for our standard market property casualty insurance group and each subsidiary in that group, are an important competitive advantage. If our property casualty or life insurance subsidiary insurer financial strength ratings were to be downgraded, our agents might find it more difficult to market our products or might choose to emphasize the products of other carriers. Additionally, a downgrade in our ratings may adversely impact our Cincinnati Re operations by reducing our ability to market our reinsurance products or compete with other highly rated reinsurers. A downgrade in one or more of our company’s credit or debt ratings could adversely impact our borrowing costs or access to capital. Our ratings are subject to periodic review and there is no assurance that our ratings will not be changed. Rating agencies could change or expand their requirements or could find that our insurance subsidiaries no longer meet the criteria established for current ratings. See Item 1, Our Business and Our Strategy, Financial Strength, for additional discussion of our financial strength ratings. International operations subject us to additional regulation and expose us to additional investment, political and economic risks. International risks include restrictions such as price controls, capital controls, currency exchange limits, ownership limits and other restrictive or anti-competitive governmental actions or requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. Our business activities outside the U.S., including in the U.K., subject us to political and economic risks, including foreign currency and credit risk. Cincinnati Global in particular is subject to continued political and economic disruptions in the U.K. from its withdrawal from the European Union. Business activities outside the U.S. subject us to additional domestic and foreign laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and similar laws in other countries that prohibit the making of improper payments to foreign officials. In addition, insurers in the U.K. (including managing agents and members of Lloyd’s of London) are subject to Solvency II and the U.K. regulatory regime, which itself includes rules promulgated by Lloyd's. Although we have policies and controls in place that are designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulatory requirements, if those controls are ineffective and an employee or intermediary fails to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could suffer civil and criminal penalties and our business and reputation could be adversely affected. Some countries have laws and regulations that lack clarity and, even with local expertise and effective controls, it can be difficult to determine the exact requirements of, and potential liability under, the local laws. Failure to comply with local laws in a particular market may result in substantial liability and could have a significant and negative effect not only on our business in that market but also on our reputation generally. Business activities at Cincinnati Global are subject to Lloyd's approval of a business plan each year. There is risk that Cincinnati Global's plan will not be approved or will be limited. As a Lloyd’s managing agent and syndicate, Cincinnati Global is exposed to various risks and their associated uncertainties, including Lloyd’s rating agency Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 35 Table of Contents ratings and reputation. Cincinnati Global also has an obligation to maintain funds at Lloyd’s to support its underwriting activities and periodic assessment of its capital, governance and other aspects of its business. Risks related to investments or other financial matters Financial disruption or a prolonged economic downturn could affect our investment performance. Events, such as global supply chain disruptions, implementation of tariffs, an increasing interest rate environment and inflationary pressures, have contributed to significant disruption and volatility for financial markets and decreased economic activity. In the event that these conditions occur or continue, recur or result in a prolonged economic downturn or recession, they could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. These market conditions have in the past, and could in the future, cause our investment income or the value of securities we own to decrease. Additionally, the companies we invest in might be severely affected by a severe catastrophic event, terrorist attack, or epidemic event, which could in turn lower their stock value and affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to achieve our performance objectives could be affected by changes in the financial, credit and capital markets or the general economy. We invest premiums received from policyholders and other available cash to generate investment income and capital appreciation, while also maintaining sufficient liquidity to pay covered claims and operating expenses, service our debt obligations and pay dividends. The value of our invested assets is an important component of shareholders’ equity or book value per share and changes in their valuation can have a significant impact. Changes in book value per share is a key performance objective as discussed in Item 7, Executive Summary of Management’s Discussion and Analysis. For fixed-maturity investments such as bonds, which represented 58.5% of the fair value of our investment portfolio at the end of 2025, the inverse relationship between interest rates and bond prices leads to falling bond values during periods of increasing interest rates. Significant increases in the general level of interest rates, such as we experienced during recent periods, have an adverse effect on our shareholders’ equity. Investment income is an important component of our revenues and net income. The ability to increase investment income and generate longer-term growth in book value is affected by factors beyond our control, such as: inflation, trade policy, economic growth, interest rates, world political conditions, changes in laws and regulations, future actions or inactions of the U.S. government, epidemic events, terrorism attacks or threats, war, adverse events affecting other companies in our industry or the industries in which we invest, market events leading to credit constriction, and other widespread unpredictable events. These events have in the past and may in the future adversely affect the economy generally and cause our investment income or the value of securities we own to decrease. Wars can occur anywhere in the world and have an adverse effect on our investment portfolio, especially if effects of wars expand over time and space. We do not have material exposure to investments based in Russia, Ukraine, Israel or Gaza. If there is significant expansion of wars beyond these regions, it may have adverse effects on our investment performance. Any significant decline in our investment income will have an adverse effect on our net income, and thereby on our shareholders’ equity and our statutory capital and surplus. For a more detailed discussion of risks associated with our investments, refer to Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. We have issued universal life contracts with guaranteed minimum returns, referred to as bank-owned life insurance contracts (BOLIs). A BOLI is designed with the bank as the policy owner and the policy beneficiary. We legally segregate and record as separate accounts the assets and liabilities for certain BOLIs, when required by the specific contract provisions. Minimum investment returns, account values and death benefits are guaranteed by us for our separate account BOLIs. We could incur losses in the performance of these guarantees. We also have life policy reserves established for traditional life policies including term, whole life and other products. Reserve variability can occur as reserves are based on certain cash flow assumptions as well as a discount rate assumption. Life policy reserves are required to be recorded using a discount rate assumption that is updated quarterly. As the discount rate increases during the quarter, life policy reserves decrease and accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) increases. Conversely, as the discount rate decreases during the quarter, life policy reserves increase and AOCI decreases. A significant decrease in discount rates, relative to the prior quarter, would have an adverse effect on shareholders' equity. Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 36 Table of Contents Our investment performance also could suffer because of the types of investments, industry groups and/or individual securities in which we choose to invest. Market value changes related to these choices could cause a material change in our financial condition or results of operations. Our investments in private equity, private credit, real property assets, private limited partnerships, and other alternative investments are subject to a higher level of illiquidity, economic volatility and real estate market deterioration. They lack quoted prices and active trade markets, and are subject to changing tax laws and an increased focus from the SEC and other regulators. These alternative investments have in the past, and may in the future result in reduced net investment returns, losses on sales of these investments, and/or the writing down the value of these investments, which would result in an adverse impact on operating results. We also are exposed to credit risk related to guarantee and indemnification arrangements, which support our alternative investments and insurance operations. Our exposure to these guarantee and indemnification risks could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. At year-end 2025, common stock holdings made up 40.0% of our investment portfolio. Adverse news or events affecting the global or U.S. economy or the equity markets, such as we experienced during recent years, will affect our net income, book value and overall results, and could affect our ability to pay our common stock dividend. See Item 7, Investments Results, and Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, for a discussion of our investment activities. Deterioration in the banking sector or in banks with which we have relationships could affect our results of operations. Our ability to maintain or obtain short-term lines of credit could be affected if the banks from which we obtain these lines are acquired, fail or are otherwise negatively affected. We may lose premium revenue if a bank that owns appointed agencies were to change its strategies. We could experience increased losses in our director and officer liability line of business if claims were made against insured financial institutions. A deterioration of credit and market conditions could also impair our ability to access credit markets and could affect existing or future lending arrangements. In addition, a failure to comply with covenants and other requirements under our credit facilities, senior debt and other debt obligations could have a material adverse effect on us and our ability to access the credit markets. Our overall results are affected if a significant portion of our commercial lines or personal lines policyholders are adversely affected by marked or prolonged economic downturns and events such as a downturn in construction and related sectors, tightening credit markets and higher fuel costs experienced during recent periods. Such events make it more difficult for policyholders to finance new projects, complete projects or expand their businesses, and can lead to lower premiums from reduced payrolls and sales and lower purchases of equipment and vehicles. These events could also cause claims, including surety claims, to increase due to a policyholder’s inability to secure necessary financing to complete projects or to collect on underlying lines of credit in the claims process. Such economic downturns and events have a greater impact in the construction sector where we have a concentration of risks and in geographic areas that are hardest hit by economic downturns. Deteriorating economic conditions could also increase the degree of credit risk associated with amounts due from independent agents who collect premiums for payment to us and could hamper our ability to recover amounts due from reinsurers. Our status as an insurance holding company with no direct operations could affect our ability to pay dividends in the future. Cincinnati Financial Corporation is a regulated holding company that transacts substantially all of its business through its subsidiaries. Our primary assets are the stock in our operating subsidiaries and our investments. Consequently, our cash flow to pay cash dividends and interest on our long-term debt depends on dividends we receive from our operating subsidiaries and income earned on investments held at the parent-company level. Dividends received from our lead insurance subsidiary are restricted by the insurance laws of Ohio, its domiciliary state. These laws establish minimum solvency and liquidity thresholds and limits. Generally, the maximum dividend that may be paid is limited to the greater of 10% of statutory capital and surplus or 100% of statutory net income for the prior calendar year. Dividends exceeding these limitations may be paid only with prior approval of the Ohio Department of Insurance. Meanwhile, other subsidiaries are also limited in their payment of dividends to the lead Cincinnati Financial Corporation - 2025 10-K - Page 37 Table of Contents insurance subsidiary under applicable insurance laws. We might not be able to receive dividends in the amounts necessary to meet our debt obligations or to pay dividends on our common stock without liquidating securities. See Item 1, Regulation, and Item 8, Note 9 of the Consolidated Financial Statements, for a discussion of insurance holding company dividend regulations. General risk factors The effects of changes in industry practices, laws and regulations on our business are uncertain. As industry practices and legal, judicial, legislative, regulatory, political, social and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to insurance pricing, claims and coverage emerge. There has been increased regulatory scrutiny of the use of machine learning and AI, and it is likely that we will be subject to new regulations that could materially adversely affect our operations or ability to write business profitably in one or more jurisdictions. These issues, and others, may adversely affect our business by impeding our ability to obtain adequate rates for covered risks or otherwise extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent, by increasing the number or size of claims, by varying assumptions underlying our critical accounting estimates or by increasing duties owed to policyholders beyond contractual obligations. In some instances, unforeseeable emerging and latent claim and coverage issues and court decisions or legislative changes may not become apparent until sometime after we have issued the insurance policies that could be affected by the changes. As a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance contracts may not be known for many years after a policy is issued and our pricing and reserve estimates may not accurately reflect its effect. Some of our existing or potential shareholders, policyholders, associates, regulators, and other stakeholders will evaluate our business practices according to a variety of sustainability guidelines and expectations, including those related to climate change, inclusive diversity and equity, data privacy, and the well-being of our employees. Our business practices and disclosures are evaluated against sustainability guidelines, which are continually evolving and not always well defined or readily measurable today. Our practices may not change in the particular ways or at the rate stakeholders expect, leading to business or reputational challenges. We are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative organizations, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) and the SEC. Future changes required to be adopted could change the current accounting treatment that we apply and could result in material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Our investment income benefits from tax rate preferences for municipal bond interest and dividend income from equity securities. Market valuations for these securities also benefit from the tax-preference aspect of current tax laws, affecting the value of our investment portfolio and also shareholders’ equity. Future changes in tax laws, or other changes such as regulations for applicability of alternative minimum taxes, could result in material adverse effects on our results of operations and financial condition. The NAIC, state insurance regulators and state legislators continually re-examine existing laws and regulations governing insurance companies and insurance holding companies, specifically focusing on modifications to statutory accounting principles, interpretations of existing laws, regulations relating to product forms and pricing methodologies and the development of new laws and regulations that affect a variety of financial and nonfinancial components of our business. Any proposed or future legislation, regulation or NAIC initiatives, if adopted, may be more restrictive on our ability to conduct business than current regulatory requirements or may result in higher costs. The loss or significant restriction on the use of a particular variable, such as credit, in pricing and underwriting our products could lead to future unprofitability and increased costs. Federal laws and regulations and the influence of international laws and regulations, including those that may be enacted in the wake of the financial and credit crises, may have adverse effects on our business, potentially including a change from a state-based system of regulation to a system of federal regulation, the repeal of the McCarran Ferg
[...TRUNCATED...]