TICKER=CMCSA|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CMCSA_2026-02-03.htm.gz
Item 1A Risk Factors 19 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 27 Item 1C Cybersecurity 27 Item 2 Properties 28 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 29 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 29 PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 30 Item 6 [Reserved] 31 Item 7 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 32 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 56 Item 8 Comcast Corporation Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 58 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 94 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 94 Item 9B Other Information 94 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 95 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 96 Item 11 Executive Compensation 96 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 96 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 97 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 97 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 98 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 101 Signatures 102 Explanatory Note This Annual Report on Form 10-K is for the year ended December 31, 2025. This Annual Report on Form 10-K modifies and supersedes documents filed before it. The U.S Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) allows us to “incorporate by reference” information that we file with it, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you directly to those documents. Information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, information that we file with the SEC in the future will automatically update and supersede information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Unless indicated otherwise, throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we refer to Comcast and its consolidated subsidiaries, as “Comcast,” “we,” “us” and “our.” Table of Contents This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains trademarks, service marks and trade names owned by us, as well as those owned by others. Numerical information in this report is presented on a rounded basis using actual amounts. Minor differences in totals and percentage calculations may exist due to rounding. Table of Contents Part I Item 1: Business We are a global media and technology company that reaches customers, viewers and guests worldwide through the connectivity and platforms services we provide and the content and experiences we create. We deliver broadband, wireless, video and voice services primarily under the Xfinity, Comcast Business, Sky and NOW brands; produce, distribute and stream leading entertainment, sports and news through brands including NBC, Telemundo, Universal, Peacock and Sky; and own and operate Universal theme parks. We operate two primary businesses: • Connectivity & Platforms: Contains our broadband, wireless, video and wireline voice businesses in the United States, United Kingdom and Italy (collectively, the “Connectivity & Platforms markets”). Also includes the operations of our Sky-branded entertainment television networks in the United Kingdom and Italy. Our Connectivity & Platforms business is reported in two segments, Residential Connectivity & Platforms and Business Services Connectivity. • Content & Experiences: Contains our media and entertainment businesses that produce and distribute entertainment, sports, news and other content for global audiences and that own and operate theme parks and attractions in the United States and Asia. Our Content & Experiences business is reported in three segments, Media, Studios and Theme Parks. On January 2, 2026, we completed the previously announced separation of Versant Media Group, Inc. (“Versant”) into an independent, publicly traded company with its Class A common stock listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market under the ticker symbol “VSNT” (the “Separation”). The Versant business is comprised of certain of our former cable television networks, including MS NOW (formerly MSNBC), CNBC, USA Network, Golf Channel, E!, SYFY and Oxygen, and complementary digital platforms, including GolfNow, Fandango, Rotten Tomatoes and SportsEngine. The Versant business was not operated as a distinct business unit or division of Comcast. The Separation was structured to qualify as a tax-free spin-off for U.S. federal income tax purposes and achieved through the transfer of assets and liabilities comprising the Versant business to Versant and its subsidiaries, followed by the distribution on January 2, 2026 of 100% of the shares of Versant common stock to shareholders of Comcast as of the close of business on the record date of December 16, 2025 (the “Distribution”). For additional information, refer to Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Versant businesses were included in Comcast’s Media segment and consolidated results for all periods presented, and accordingly the discussion that follows includes the Versant businesses unless otherwise indicated. For additional information on our businesses and segments, refer to Item 7: Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Description of Our Businesses Connectivity & Platforms Business Residential Connectivity & Platforms Segment Our Residential Connectivity & Platforms segment primarily includes: • Residential broadband and wireless services (collectively, “Residential Connectivity”) • Residential and business video services, advertising, residential voice services, and Sky-branded entertainment television networks We offer services to customers individually and as bundled services at a discounted rate. Residential Connectivity Broadband We offer broadband services in the United States over our hybrid fiber-optic and coaxial (“HFC”) network, as well as through direct fiber-to-the-premises connections for certain customers, and internationally in the United Kingdom and Italy by leveraging networks owned by third-party telecommunications providers. 1 Comcast 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K Table of Contents Our domestic broadband offerings have a range of service levels, including up to gigabit-plus downstream speeds that we offer across nearly our entire footprint. As part of our low-income broadband adoption program, we offer qualifying domestic customers broadband services at discounted rates through our Internet Essentials and Internet Essentials Plus services, with downstream speeds of up to 75 and 100 megabits per second, respectively. We also offer prepaid domestic broadband services with downstream speeds of up to 200 megabits per second marketed under the NOW brand and offer monthly access to our network of Wi-Fi hotspots. We continue to evolve and enhance our domestic network capabilities, including deploying technology in select markets that will enable us to deliver multigigabit symmetrical broadband speeds (i.e., comparable upstream and downstream speeds), as described in the Network and Technology discussion below. The map below highlights our domestic network footprint by zip code and the markets where we had 250,000 or more domestic residential broadband customers as of December 31, 2025. Our international broadband services primarily include fiber-to-the-premises and fiber-to-the-cabinet offerings. As part of our domestic and international broadband services, we offer customers our advanced, proprietary wireless gateways that combine an internet modem with a Wi-Fi router to deliver reliable internet speeds and enhanced coverage through an in-and-out-of-home Wi-Fi network. In addition, customers may personalize and manage their Wi-Fi network and connected devices with our mobile apps and online portal. Broadband customers have access to our network of Wi-Fi hotspots. Wireless We offer wireless services for wireless handsets, tablets and smart watches (“wireless devices”) to residential customers in the United States and the United Kingdom using mobile virtual network operator (“MVNO”) rights. Our domestic wireless services are offered over Verizon’s wireless network and our existing network of secure residential, outdoor and business Wi-Fi hotspots, and are offered initially only as part of our bundled service offerings to customers that subscribe to our qualifying broadband services. Wireless customers may activate multiple lines per account. We offer services to domestic customers through unlimited data plans. We also offer prepaid unlimited data plans marketed under the NOW brand. We offer services to international customers through various gigabyte plans or an unlimited data plan. Customers may either bring their own wireless device or purchase wireless devices from us with the option to pay upfront or finance the purchase interest-free over 24 to 36 months for domestic customers and over 24 to 48 months for international customers. Comcast 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K 2 Table of Contents Video We offer video services to residential and business customers. Our video packages range from a basic to full linear service and typically include free-to-air networks, a variety of other linear television networks including premium, sports and news networks, and certain direct-to-consumer streaming services (“DTC streaming services”) such as Peacock, Disney+ and Netflix. Our international video packages also include Sky-branded entertainment television networks that offer entertainment, premium movie and free-to-air programming, as well as Sky Sports networks which are part of our Media segment. We also offer certain bundled DTC streaming services to our domestic and international broadband customers. Our video services are provided primarily through our X1 platform in the United States over our network, and through our Sky Q platform in the United Kingdom and Italy using a combination of satellite transmission and broadband connections. X1 and Sky Q are cloud-based platforms that leverage set-top boxes and voice-activated remote controls to provide integrated features, including search functionality, that operate across content in customers’ video service packages; streaming content and music from internet-based apps, including DTC streaming services; and pay-per-view and video on demand programming that is available for no additional cost or to rent or buy. We also offer Xumo Stream Box devices to our domestic broadband customers. The Xumo Stream Box provides access to and integration of content from internet-based apps and pay-per-view and video on demand programming that is available over the internet, similar to the integrated content provided through our X1 platform. Our video services are also offered in the United Kingdom and Italy over a broadband connection without the need for a satellite dish. These services have an operating system similar to Sky Q and are offered to customers through Sky Stream, which leverages a streaming device and Wi-Fi, or to customers that purchase our Sky Glass smart televisions. We also offer international and domestic DTC streaming services marketed under the NOW brand, which provide video content over the internet and do not require a set-top box. Our international NOW service offerings include packages for monthly access to entertainment, sports and movie programming, as well as daily pass options for sports programming. Our domestic NOW TV service, which is only offered to qualifying residential broadband customers, includes monthly access to a variety of linear television networks and other programming; integrated access to free streaming channels from Xumo Play, NBC and Sky; and access to an ad-supported tier of Peacock. Advertising As part of our distribution agreements with domestic cable networks, we generally receive an allocation of scheduled advertising time that our advertising business sells, and we also sell advertising on our Sky-branded entertainment television networks and on our digital platforms. We also enter into representation agreements under which we sell advertising on behalf of third parties both domestically and internationally. Additionally, we offer technology, tools, data-driven services and marketplace solutions to customers in the media industry to facilitate effective engagement of advertisers with their target audiences. Other We offer residential wireline voice services primarily using interconnected Voice over Internet Protocol (“VoIP”) technology, and we offer residential security and automation services. We also license our technology platforms to other multichannel video providers and distribute certain of our Sky-branded entertainment television networks to third-party video service providers. Business Services Connectivity Segment Our Business Services Connectivity segment consists primarily of offerings under the Comcast Business brand, including domestic service offerings for small businesses that include broadband, wireline voice and wireless services, and domestic and international enterprise solutions offerings for medium-sized customers and larger enterprises with multiple locations. Certain business customers subscribe to our video services, and the associated revenue is included in our Residential Connectivity & Platforms segment. Our business services connectivity offerings in the United Kingdom are operated under the Sky Business brand. Our domestic broadband offerings have a range of service levels, including fiber-based services that deliver symmetrical speeds ranging up to 100 gigabits per second, with up to 400 gigabits per second for certain customers. Our domestic wireless services are offered to business customers over Verizon’s wireless network and beginning in 2026, we will also use T-Mobile’s wireless network. Our small business broadband, wireline voice and wireless service offerings are similar to those provided to our residential customers and also include cloud-based cybersecurity services, wireless backup connectivity, advanced Wi-Fi solutions, video monitoring services and other cl oud-based services. 3 Comcast 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K Table of Contents Our enterprise solutions offerings also include ethernet network services, which connect multiple locations and provide higher downstream and upstream broadband speed options, advanced voice services, and a software-defined networking product. Larger enterprises may also receive support services related to Wi-Fi networks, router management, network security, business continuity risks and other services. These services are primarily provided to Fortune 1000 companies and other large enterprises with multiple locations both within and outside of our distribution footprint, where we provide coverage outside of our service areas through agreements with other companies to use their networks. Network and Technology Our Connectivity & Platforms businesses use our HFC network in the United States, which we believe is sufficiently flexible and scalable to support our future technology requirements and enables us to continue to grow capacity and capabilities over time. This network provides the two-way transmissions required to provide connectivity services and interactive video and entertainment services through our platforms, and consists primarily of headends, fiber-optic and coaxial cables owned or leased by us, and equipment such as lasers, routers, switches and content distribution servers. Our network and its continued evolution include: • Leveraging DOCSIS 3.1 to offer up to gigabit-plus downstream broadband speeds to residential and business customers, with multigigabit downstream broadband speeds available to approximately 60% of our residential customers. • Deploying fiber-to-the-premises with symmetrical speed offerings ranging up to 10 gigabits per second to residential customers who request that service, subject to local construction constraints, and up to 100 gigabits per second to business customers, with up to 400 gigabits per second to certain business customers. • Executing on our multi-year strategy to evolve our existing HFC network, including the rollout of DOCSIS 4.0 in select markets, which allows for multigigabit symmetrical speeds. We are also virtualizing and automating our core network functions to enhance capacity, efficiency and reliability. • Extending our network to new homes and businesses, both within existing markets and into new service areas, with a growing portion of new passings connected with fiber. We also partner with local, state and federal agencies, when possible, to provide services to unserved and underserved communities leveraging governmental subsidies where available. • Offering domestic wireless services using an MVNO agreement that allows us to offer services using Verizon’s wireless network along with our existing network of Wi-Fi hotspots across our network. In 2026, our domestic wireless services offered to business customers will also begin using T-Mobile’s wireless network under an MVNO agreement. The components of our domestic network require periodic maintenance and replacement and are primarily located on owned and leased properties, and in locations under agreements with local public utilities and municipalities. We operate national and regional data centers with equipment that is used to provide our services, and we maintain network operations centers with equipment necessary to monitor and manage the status of our services and network. Our international services are offered leveraging third-party networks, as well as our own core fiber network for broadband and wireline voice services in the United Kingdom. The related operating plant and equipment used to provide our video and connectivity services includes leased satellite system signal receiving, encoding and decoding devices, and owned and leased headends and distribution networks, including coaxial, fiber-optic cables and other related equipment. For a majority of international customers, our video platform is delivered via one-way digital satellite transmission that uses satellites leased from third parties for the distribution of television networks, augmented by a set-top box and two-way broadband connectivity. We offer broadband and wireline voice services in the United Kingdom and Italy using third-party networks. In many cases, the fee for us to access these networks is on regulated terms. The ranges of service levels and speeds we offer are dependent upon the capabilities and reach of these third-party networks. We offer wireless services in the United Kingdom using a combination of a third party’s network and our own mobile core network. Comcast 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K 4 Table of Contents Our Connectivity & Platforms business engineering teams continue to focus on technology initiatives to develop and deploy next-generation media, content delivery, content aggregation and streaming platforms that support X1, Sky Q, NOW, Sky Stream, Sky Glass and Xumo. These platforms are based on our global technology platform and integrate linear television networks, DTC streaming services and other internet-based apps, and on demand programming into a unified experience with voice-activated remote-control search and interactive features. We also continue to focus on leveraging our own cloud network services to deliver video and advanced search capabilities. Our Connectivity & Platforms businesses also focus on technology initiatives related to broadband and wireless services that leverage our global technology platform, including providing our customers with in-and-out-of-home Wi-Fi, the ability to manage their Wi-Fi network and connected home with our mobile apps and online portal, advanced security technology, and other features. Programming To offer video services, Residential Connectivity & Platforms licenses substantial amounts of linear television programming from both third parties and our Media segment. The fees associated with distribution agreements from programmers are generally based on the number of subscribers receiving the television network programming and a per subscriber fee, although programming expenses for certain television networks are based on a fixed fee. Some agreements also include rights to offer such programming through multiple delivery platforms, such as through our on demand services, online portal, mobile apps, the Xumo Stream Box, or our NOW and NOW TV streaming services. Certain distribution agreements also include access to the programmer’s DTC streaming service. The programming on our Sky-branded entertainment television networks includes content licensed from both third parties and our Studios segment, including certain original content, and the most significant agreements for the licensing of film and television entertainment content include rights with Paramount, Warner Bros. and our Studios segment, certain of which are exclusive rights. Other Sources of Supply and Operations We purchase from a limited number of suppliers a significant amount of customer premise equipment, including wireless gateways and set-top boxes, network equipment, and services to provide our broadband and video services to residential and business customers. We also purchase from a limited number of suppliers a significant number of wireless devices. We use a limited number of vendors to provide customer billing for our residential and business customers. Our technical services groups perform various tasks, including installations, plant maintenance and upgrades to our domestic network, and servicing and upgrades of customer premise equipment. The service vehicles used by our technical services groups are primarily owned. Our customer service teams provide primarily 24/7 call-answering capability and other services. Competition Residential Connectivity & Platforms Broadband We compete with a number of companies, many with significant financial resources, that offer internet services, including: • wireline telecommunications companies • wireless telecommunications companies • municipal broadband networks and power companies • satellite broadband providers Certain wireline telecommunications companies, such as AT&T, Lumen and Verizon in the United States and BT and Virgin Media O2 in the United Kingdom, have built and are continuing to build fiber-based wireline network infrastructure further into their networks, which enables them to provide data transmission speeds that exceed those that can be provided with traditional copper digital subscriber line (“DSL”) technology, and are offering services with these higher speeds in many of our service areas. Certain companies that offer DSL services have increased data transmission speeds, lowered prices or created bundled services to compete with our broadband services. Various wireless companies, such as AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon, offer internet services using a variety of wireless technologies, including 5G fixed wireless networks and 4G and 5G wireless broadband services. These networks work with devices such as smartphones, laptops, tablets, and mobile and fixed wireless routers, as well as wireless data cards. Wireless companies and satellite broadband providers have also purchased, and may continue to purchase, spectrum to increase their capacity to provide broadband and wireless services. 5 Comcast 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K Table of Contents Other companies and municipalities have launched fiber-based or newer satellite-based broadband technologies that provide services in certain areas in which we operate. Domestic broadband-deployment funding initiatives at federal and state levels may result in other service providers deploying subsidized internet access within our footprint. The availability of these and other offerings could negatively impact the demand for our domestic broadband services. Wireless We compete with national and regional wireless service providers in the United States, and with wireless service providers in the United Kingdom, that offer wireless service on both a stand-alone basis and with other services as bundled offerings. Video We compete with a number of companies offering video services in the Connectivity & Platforms markets, including: • DTC streaming service providers and aggregators, including: ◦ subscription-based services, such as Disney+ and Netflix, that offer online services that enable internet streaming and downloading of movies, television shows and other video programming ◦ virtual multichannel video providers, such as Hulu + Live TV and YouTube TV, that offer streamed linear television networks ◦ free ad-supported television services ◦ companies that offer streaming devices that access and integrate streaming content • direct broadcast satellite (“DBS”) providers that transmit satellite signals to substantially all households in the United States to provide video programming and other information similar to our video services • companies that have built and continue to build fiber-based networks that provide video services similar to ours and provide bundled offerings that include wireless and/or broadband services • other providers that build and operate communications systems and services in the same areas that we serve, including traditional providers of linear television programming • a broad array of other online content providers, such as social networking platforms and user-generated content providers • other companies, such as broadcast television stations, that provide multiple free-to-air networks Similar to the competitive environment in our Media segment, our Sky-branded entertainment television networks compete for the distribution of our television network programming to third-party video service providers and for viewers’ attention and audience share. Advertising We compete for the sale of advertising with digital properties , including an increasing number of ad-supported DTC streaming service providers, and other online content providers, such as social networking platforms and user-generated content providers, as well as with t elevision networks and stations, and with all other advertising platforms. Similar to the competitive environment in our Media segment, the willingness of advertisers to purchase advertising from us may be adversely affected by declines in audience ratings and television viewership, difficulty in measuring fragmented audiences and the increasing number of entertainment choices available. Our advertising is sold to local, regional and national advertisers, and competition is affected by the market conditions in the specific geographic locations in which we operate. We also compete with companies offering technology, tools and other services to customers in the media industry. Business Services Connectivity Business Services Connectivity primarily competes with wireline telecommunications companies and wide area network managed service providers. Competition for our connectivity services for small business customers is generally similar to that in the Residential Connectivity & Platforms segment. We compete for the sale of enterprise solutions offerings primarily with wide area network managed service providers, cloud-based application service providers and other telecommunication carriers. Comcast 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K 6 Table of Contents Seasonality and Cyclicality Results in our Residential Connectivity & Platforms segment are impacted by the seasonal nature of residential customers receiving our services, including in college and vacation markets in the United States, and by the timing of the European football seasons in our international markets, which generally result in negative impacts to net customer relationship additions/(losses) in the second quarter of each year. Similar to seasonal and cyclical variations in our Media segment, advertising revenue is subject to cyclical patterns and changes in viewership levels, driven by the timing of the winter holiday season, political campaigns, sports seasons and when programming is aired. Content & Experiences Business Media Segment We operate our Media segment as a combined television and streaming business, which primarily includes: • NBCUniversal’s national and regional cable networks • NBC and Telemundo broadcast networks and owned local broadcast television stations • Peacock DTC streaming service • International television networks, including Sky Sports networks in the United Kingdom and Italy We distribute a wide variety of programming on our linear television networks, Peacock and other digital properties to appeal to consumers with varying preferences across demographics and geographic areas. R evenue is primarily generated from the sale of advertising and from the distribution of our television and streaming programming. We sell advertising on our linear television networks, Peacock and other digital properties. Our advertising sales are affected by the prices we charge for each advertising unit, which are generally based on the size and demographics of our viewing audiences, audience ratings on our television networks, the number of advertising units we can place in our programming and on our digital properties, and our ability to sell advertising across our television and streaming business. We receive fees from the d istribution of our television networks to traditional multichannel video providers, such as our Residential Connectivity & Platforms segment, and from virtual multichannel video providers that offer streamed linear television networks. Our distribution agreements are generally multiyear, with revenue based on the number of subscribers receiving the programming on our television networks and a per subscriber fee, although revenue for certain of our television networks is based on a fixed fee. These fees include amounts for our owned television networks, including under NBC and Telemundo retransmission consent agreements, as well as associated fees from NBC-affiliated and Telemundo-affiliated local broadcast television stations. We also receive subscription fees for our Peacock DTC streaming service either directly from customers or from companies who sell Peacock to customers on our behalf. We also generate revenue from the licensing of our owned content and technology and from various digital properties. Domestic Cable Networks The table below presents a summary of NBCUniversal’s national cable networks and their advertising reach to U.S. households as of December 31, 2025, which operated predominately in the United States. The cable networks listed, with the exception of Bravo, Universo and NBC Sports Network, were contributed to the Versant business in connection with the Separation in January 2026. 7 Comcast 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K Table of Contents Cable Network Approximate U.S. Households as of December 31, 2025 (in millions) (a) Description of Programming USA Network 60 General entertainment and sports E! 59 Entertainment and pop culture Syfy 59 Genre-based entertainment MS NOW 59 News, political commentary and information Bravo 59 Lifestyle entertainment CNBC 59 Business and financial news Oxygen 60 True crime Golf Channel 49 Golf competition and golf entertainment Universo 13 Spanish-language entertainment CNBC World 14 Global financial news NBC Sports Network (b) General sports (a) Household data is based on information from The Nielsen Company as of December 31, 2025, using its Cable Coverage Universe Estimates report and dynamic ad insertion estimates. The Nielsen estimates include subscribers to both traditional and certain virtual multichannel video providers. The Nielsen estimates are not based on information provided by us and are included solely to enable comparisons between our cable networks and those operated by our peers. (b) NBC Sports Network launched in November 2025 and approximate U.S. household data was not available as of December 31, 2025. Our regional sports networks serve approximately 9 million households across the United States, including in markets such as Boston, Philadelphia, Sacramento and San Fran cisco. Domestic Broadcast Networks NBC The NBC network features original entertainment, news and sports programming that reaches viewers in virtually all U.S. television households through more than 200 affiliated stations across the United States, including our 11 owned NBC local broadcast television stations. The NBC owned local broadcast television stations include stations in 8 of the top 10 general markets and collectively reached approximately 36 million U.S. television households as of December 31, 2025 , representing approximately 28% of U.S. television households. In addition to broadcasting the NBC network’s national programming, local broadcast television stations deliver local news, weather, and investigative and consumer reporting. Telemundo The Telemundo network, a Spanish-language broadcast network, features original entertainment, news, live specials and sports programming that reaches viewers in 96% of U.S. Hispanic television households through 124 stations, including our 30 owned Telemundo local broadcast television stations, 94 affiliated stations and distribution of our national feed. The Telemundo owned local broadcast television stations include stations in all of the top 20 U.S. Hispanic markets and collectively reached approximately 71% of U.S. Hispanic television households as of December 31, 2025. In addition to broadcasting the Telemundo network’s national programming, local broadcast television stations deliver local news, weather, and investigative and consumer reporting. We also own an independent Telemundo station serving the Puerto Rico television market. Peacock Peacock is our DTC streaming service, featuring NBCUniversal and third-party content. Programming includes exclusive Peacock originals, current NBC, Bravo and Telemundo shows, news, late-night comedy, live sports and a library of television shows and movies, as well as several live channels and a live stream of customers’ local NBC affiliate stations. The service is available on internet-connected devices and offered through three subscription-based tiers: an ad-supported tier limited to current NBC and Bravo shows and a selection of library shows; an ad-supported tier with access to all programming choices excluding local NBC affiliate stations; and an ad-free tier, with certain limited exceptions, featuring all programming choices. The ad-free tier also allows customers to download and watch select programming offline. We offer Peacock in the United States directly to customers or through arrangements with third parties and our Residential Connectivity & Platforms segment, which offer Peacock to customers on our behalf. Comcast 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K 8 Table of Contents International Networks We operate a diversified portfolio of international television networks, including premium sports networks under the Sky Sports brand in the United Kingdom and Italy, with a majority of networks dedicated to a specific sport, such as European football. We also operate several NBCUniversal international television networks globally, including Studio Universal, Telemundo International, Universal TV, as well as CNBC International, which became part of Versant in connection with the Separation. Programming Our television networks and Peacock include content licensed from our Studios segment and from third parties, as well as content produced by Media segment businesses, such as live news and sports programming and certain original content, including late-night comedy for NBC and original telenovelas for Telemundo. We have various multiyear agreements for the licensing of content, including contracts related to television and/or streaming rights for sporting events. We generally seek to include in our sports rights agreements the rights to distribute content on one or more of our television networks and on digital properties, including Peacock. Our most significant sports rights agreements relate to the NBA, NFL, Olympics and English Premier League. The table below presents a summary of these and certain other sports rights as of December 31, 2025. Upon the Separation of Versant, Versant assumed some or all contractual rights and responsibilities for certain television rights, including all of the NASCAR and WWE Smackdown agreements. Television and/or Streaming Rights Market Rights Expiration NBA and WNBA (a) United States, United Kingdom and Italy 2035-36 NBA season and 2036 WNBA season NFL (b) United States 2033-34 season Summer and Winter Olympic Games United States 2036 English Premier League United Kingdom, Italy and United States 2028-29, 2027-28 and 2027-28 seasons, respectively PGA Tour and other golf events United States Between 2028 and 2032 NASCAR (c) United States 2031 Big Ten football and basketball United States 2029-30 season Formula One United Kingdom and Italy 2029 and 2027, respectively World Wrestling Entertainment (“WWE”) United States 2029 England and Wales Cricket Board United Kingdom 2028 Serie A Italy 2028-29 season English Football League United Kingdom 2028-29 season MLB United States 2028 season FIFA World Cup (Spanish-language) United States 2026 Certain professional sports teams through our Regional Sports Networks Certain regions in the United States Between 2027 and 2040 (a) Beginning with the 2025-26 NBA season and 2026 WNBA season, includes the rights to produce and distribute across our networks and on Peacock a specified number of NBA and WNBA regular season and playoff games, the NBA All-Star game and NBA All-Star Saturday Night each season, as well as six NBA Conference Finals series and three WNBA Finals series over the term of the agreements. A certain number of NBA games will also be distributed in the Spanish language on Telemundo. (b) Includes the rights to produce and distribute on NBC and on Peacock a specified number of regular season games that includes Sunday Night Football games, Thursday Kickoff games and Thanksgiving night games, playoff games, and three remaining Super Bowl games, the next of which is in February 2026. The agreement expires after the 2033-34 season, with a termination right available to the NFL after the 2029-30 season. The agreement also includes rights to additional exclusive games on Peacock. All of the NFL games are also distributed in the Spanish language on Universo or Telemundo. (c) Includes the unilateral right by the other party (i.e., the licensor) to the agreement, under certain circumstances, to shorten the term of the agreement by one year. Our television and streaming business competes for the acquisition of content, including sports rights, and for on-air and creative talent primarily with other television networks, DTC streaming providers, and local broadcast television stations. In Europe, major sports rights, which are significant to our international networks, are usually tendered through a competitive auction process, with the winning bidder or bidders acquiring rights over a 3 to 5 year period. 9 Comcast 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K Table of Contents Studios Segment Our Studios segment primarily includes our NBCUniversal and Sky film and television studio production and distribution operations. Our studio production facilities primarily include our owned Universal City location in Los Angeles, California and our leased studios in Atlanta, Georgia and in Elstree, United Kingdom. Revenue is generated primarily from the worldwide licensing of our owned film and television content and from the worldwide distribution of our produced and acquired films for exhibition in movie theaters. We also generate revenue from the sale of physical and digital home entertainment products, as well as from the production and licensing of live stage plays and from the distribution of content produced by third parties. Film Studios Our film studios develop, produce, acquire, market and distribute filmed entertainment worldwide. Our films are produced primarily under the following names: • Universal Pictures • Illumination • DreamWorks Animation • Focus Features • Working Title We distribute the majority of our films initially for exhibition in movie theaters, while other films are initially distributed through licensing agreements. After their initial release, we distribute films globally to different customers over multiple licensing windows. We license films, including recent films and selections from our film library, which is comprised of more than 6,500 movies in a variety of genre s, to linear television networks and DTC streaming service providers, and to video on demand services provided by multichannel video providers. This includes licenses to our Media and Residential Connectivity & Platforms segments. Certain films are also licensed to our Media segment and made available for viewing on Peacock on the same date as the theatrical release. We also distribute films globally through the sale of physical and digital home entertainment products. Additionally, w e acquire distribution rights to films produced by third parties, which may be limited to particular geographic regions, specific forms of media or certain periods of time. Theatrical revenue is significantly affected by the timing of each release and the number of films we distribute, their acceptance by audiences, the number of exhibition screens, ticket prices, the percentage of ticket sales retention by the exhibitors and the popularity of competing films at the time our films are released. The success of a film in movie theaters is generally a significant factor in determining the revenue a film is likely to generate in succeeding licensing windows and through physical and digital home entertainment product sales. We develop and produce films both alone and jointly with other studios or production companies. In certain cases, we have also entered into film co-financing arrangements with third-party studios and non-studio entities to jointly finance or distribute certain of our film productions. These arrangements can take various forms, but in most cases involve the grant of economic inter est in a film to an investor. Investors generally assume the full risks and rewards of ownership proportionate to their ownership in the film. In connection with film studio productions, we typically owe “residuals” payments to individuals hired under collective bargaining agreements, which are generally calculated based on post-theatrical or content licensing revenue. We also typically owe “participations” payments to creative talent, to third parties under co-financing agreements and to other parties involved in content production, which are generally based on the financial performance of the content. Television Studios Our television studios develop, produce and distribute original content, including scripted and unscripted television series. We also produce television content jointly as co-producers with third-party studios and production companies. Our television studios produce content primarily under the following names: • Universal Television • Universal Content Productions • Universal Television Alternative Studio • Universal International Studios • Sky Studios Comcast 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K 10 Table of Contents Our original content is primarily initially licensed to linear television networks and DTC streaming service providers, including those in our Media and Residential Connectivity & Platforms segments. We also license content after its initial airing, license older television content from our television library, and distribute owned and acquired content globally through the sale of physical and digital home entertainment products. The production and distribution costs related to original broadcast television content generally exceed the revenue generated from the initial license, which means that obtaining additional licenses following the initial network license is critical to the content’s financial success. Similar to our film studio s, we typically owe residuals and participations payments in connection with television studio productions. Theme Parks Segment Our Theme Parks segment primarily includes the operations of the following Universal theme parks: • Universal Orlando Resort : Includes three theme parks, Universal Studios Florida, Islands of Adventure, and our newest theme park, Epic Universe, which opened in May 2025, as well as our water park, Volcano Bay, all of which are located in Orlando, Florida. Universal Orlando Resort also includes Universal CityWalk Orlando, a dining, 
[...TRUNCATED...]