TICKER=CME|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CME_2026-02-26.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the factors discussed below, which are the risks we believe are material at this time. If any of these risks actually occur or continue to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. RISKS RELATING TO OUR INDUSTRY Our business is subject to the impact of global market, economic and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly impact our business and make our financial results more volatile. Our revenue is substantially derived from fees for transactions executed and cleared in our markets. The trading volumes in our markets are directly affected by domestic and international factors that are beyond our control, including: • economic, political and geopolitical market conditions, including the instability caused by trade policies and wars; • legislative and regulatory changes, including any direct or indirect restrictions on or increased costs associated with trading in our markets or our clearing services; • broad trends in the industry and financial markets; • changes in price levels, trading volumes and volatility in the derivatives, cash and OTC markets and in their underlying markets; • shifts in demand or supply in commodities underlying our products; • competition; • changes in government monetary policies and the U.S. Federal Reserve and other international banks' forecasted interest rates; • availability of capital to our market participants and their appetite for risk-taking; • levels of assets under our customers' management; • volatile weather patterns, droughts, natural disasters and other catastrophes; • pandemics affecting our customer base or our ability to operate our markets; and • consolidation or expansion in our customer base and within our industry. Any one or more of these factors may contribute to reduced activity in our markets. Historically, periods of heightened uncertainty have tended to increase our trading volume due to increased hedging activity and the increased need to manage the risks associated with, or speculate on, volatility. However, in the period after a material market disturbance, there may persist extreme uncertainties, which may lead to decreased volume due to factors such as reduced risk exposure, fluctuating interest rates, central bank asset purchase programs and lack of available capital. The shifts in market trading patterns we experienced as a result of the financial crisis of 2008 may or may not recur in the future, and our business will be affected by future economic uncertainties, which may result in decreased trading volume and a more challenging business environment for us. A reduction in overall trading volume or in certain products could render our markets less attractive to market participants as a source of liquidity, which could result in further loss of trading volume and associated transaction-based revenue. Material decreases in trading volume would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. Please see "Item 1A - Risk Factors - Risks Relating To Our Business" beginning on page 20 for additional information. 16 Table of Contents We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business, and our failure to maintain compliance with regulations, our status as a regulated entity, or BrokerTec Americas' status as a member in good standing at FICC, could result in the loss of customers, fines or other consequences to our regulated status. We are primarily subject to the jurisdiction of the regulatory agencies in the U.S., UK and EU. As a result of our global operations, we are also subject to the rules and regulations of other local jurisdictions in which we conduct business and offer our products and services, as appropriate. Our businesses and those of many of our clients have been and continue to be subject to extensive legislation and regulatory scrutiny, and we face the risk of continued increasing oversight and changes to our regulatory environment and business in the future and have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs to comply. Additional new laws or regulations or changes in enforcement practices applicable to our businesses or those of our clients could be imposed in the U.S. or other jurisdictions, which could change, or require us to change, our business practices or the structure of our business, including its current governance, risk oversight or regulatory structure, or impose significant costs on us by, for example, requiring more of our funds to be set aside for the guaranty fund or to meet other compliance requirements. This could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively with other institutions that are not affected in the same way or impact our clients' overall trading volume and demand for our market data and other services. Additionally, regulations imposed on financial institutions or market participants generally may adversely impact their trading activity in our markets. To the extent the legislative and regulatory environment becomes more onerous for us or less beneficial for us or our customers, our business, financial condition and operating results could be negatively affected. Legislation may be proposed, both domestically and internationally, that could, for example, add a transaction tax on our products or change the way our market participants are taxed on the products they trade on our markets. If such proposals were to become law, they could have a negative impact on our industry and on us by making transactions more costly to market participants, which may reduce trading and could make our markets less competitive, with a resulting negative impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. Legislation regarding the regulatory market structure applicable to the trading and clearing of spot digital assets is currently being considered in Congress. It is not yet certain whether the legislation will be signed into law or whether it will have any impact on listed derivatives regulation. The legal status of certain event-based contracts, most notably those based on sports events, is the subject of litigation in various jurisdictions. The outcome of these cases, new laws or regulations, or changes in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations could immediately or subsequently impact our ability to offer certain event contracts and could subject us to additional litigation or regulatory scrutiny. If we fail to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations, we may be subject to censure, fines, cease-and-desist orders, suspension of our business, removal of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation of our designations as a contract market, derivatives clearing organization, swap data repository, broker-dealer, MTF or other regulatory status. Our broker-dealer and MTF businesses, BrokerTec and EBS, are also extensively regulated in various jurisdictions. These regulatory obligations generally include proper licensing and qualification of the firms and individuals, substantive conduct standards, communication and disclosure rules, monitoring and surveillance, training, capital requirements, supervisory obligations, maintenance of anti-money laundering programs, suspicious activity reporting, risk management standards, trade reporting, and ongoing examinations and reviews. The risks from failing to comply with these regulatory obligations include potential liability and/or disciplinary action against the firm and individuals, monetary penalties and restrictions on future activities. BrokerTec Americas' matched principal platform facilitates anonymous trading in significant volumes from wholesale market participants, many of which are FICC members and understand that BrokerTec Americas is also a FICC member, such that their trades are expected to be novated promptly to FICC, which will be their ultimate counterparty. A failure of BrokerTec Americas to maintain its membership with FICC could adversely impact the willingness of such participants to continue trading on our platform. As part of maintaining its FICC membership, BrokerTec Americas is required to timely and fully meet all margin calls and other obligations established by FICC, and as such must maintain ready access to sufficient liquidity to satisfy those obligations. BrokerTec Americas maintains access to liquidity resources it believes will satisfy these obligations in normal and stressed circumstances, but there can be no guarantee it will never experience a shortfall. Please see "Item 1 - Business - Regulatory Matters" beginning on page 12 for additional information on our areas of regulatory focus. Some of our clearing house's largest clearing firms have indicated their belief that clearing facilities should not be owned or controlled by exchanges and should be operated as utilities and not for profit. These clearing firms have sought, and may seek in the future, legislative or regulatory changes that would, if adopted, enable them to use alternative clearing services 17 Table of Contents for positions established on our exchanges or to freely move open positions among clearing houses in order to take advantage of our liquidity. Even if they are not successful, these factors may cause them to limit the use of our markets. Our clearing house seeks to offer customers, intermediaries and clearing firms universal access in order to maximize the efficient use of capital, exercise appropriate oversight of value at risk and maintain operating leverage from clearing activities on our exchanges. Our strategic business plan for our futures and options business is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically-integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business. Some of our clearing firms have expressed the view that clearing firms should control the governance of clearing houses or that clearing houses should be operated as utilities rather than as part of for-profit enterprises. Some of these firms, along with certain industry associations, have sought, and may seek in the future, legislative or regulatory changes to be adopted that would facilitate mechanisms or policies that allow market participants to transfer positions of futures or options from an exchange-owned clearing house to a clearing house owned and controlled by clearing firms. If these legislative or regulatory changes are adopted, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. We face intense competition from other companies. If we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. Our industry is highly competitive, and we expect competition to continue to intensify. We encounter competition in all aspects of our business, including from entities having substantially greater capital and resources, offering a wide range of products and services and in some cases operating under a different and possibly less stringent regulatory regime. We face competition from other futures, securities and securities option exchanges; OTC markets; clearing organizations; consortia formed by our members and large industry participants; alternative trade execution facilities and crypto and prediction market platforms; technology firms, including market data distributors and electronic trading system developers; and others. Our competitors and potential competitors may have greater financial, marketing, technological and personnel resources than we do. Our competitors may: • respond more quickly to competitive pressures and opportunities, including responses based upon their corporate governance structures, which may be more flexible and efficient than our corporate governance structure; • develop products that are preferred by our customers compared to those offered by CME Group; • develop risk transfer products that compete with our products; • price their products and services more competitively; • develop and expand their network infrastructure and service offerings more efficiently; • utilize better, more user-friendly or more reliable technology, including artificial intelligence; • take greater advantage of acquisitions, alliances and other opportunities that provide a competitive advantage; • more effectively market, promote and sell their products and services; • market and sell their services more effectively because of their existing customer and alliance partner relationships, as well as their recognized brand names; or • exploit regulatory disparities between traditional, regulated exchanges and alternative markets that benefit from a reduced regulatory burden and lower-cost business model. If our products, markets and clearing services are not competitive or are viewed as less competitive, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. A decline in our fees or loss of customers could lower our revenues, which would adversely affect our profitability. Please see "Item 1 - Business - Competition" beginn ing on p age 10 for additional information on the competitive environment and its potential impact on our business. Our trading volume, and consequently our revenues and profits, would be adversely affected if we are unable to retain our current customers at substantially similar trading levels or attract new customers. The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and increase trading volume in our markets. To do so, we must maintain and expand our product offerings, our customer base and our trade execution facilities, our pre- and post-trade services and clearing facilities. Our success also depends on our ability to offer competitive prices and services in an increasingly price-sensitive business. For example, some of our competitors have engaged in aggressive pricing strategies in the past, such as lowering the fees they charge for taking liquidity and increasing liquidity payments or rebates. We cannot provide assurances that we will be able to continue to expand our products and services, that we will be able to retain our current customers or attract new customers or that we will not be required to modify our pricing structure to compete effectively. Changes in our pricing structure may result in a decrease to our profit margin. 18 Table of Contents Our clearing firms must meet certain capital requirements and must deposit collateral to meet performance bond and guaranty fund requirements. There is no guarantee the collateral deposited will continue to maintain its value. To the extent a clearing firm were to experience a decrease in capital and be unable to meet requirements, it may be required to decrease its trading activity. Additionally, from time to time, certain customers may represent a significant portion of the open interest in our individual product lines or contracts, and a substantial decrease in their trading activity could have a negative impact on the liquidity of the particular product line or contract. If we fail to maintain trading volume, as a result of a loss of customers or decrease in trading activity; expand our product offerings or execution facilities; or are unable to attract new customers, our business and revenues will be adversely affected. Declines in trading volume may also negatively impact market liquidity, which could lead to further loss of trading volume. Because our cost structure is largely fixed, if demand for our products and services and our resulting revenues decline, we may not be able to adjust our cost structure on a timely basis, and our profitability could be adversely affected. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other cyber-security risks. Our technology, our customers, our people and our third-party service providers are vulnerable to cyber-security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our data or our customers’ data or cause interruptions in our operations, our customers' operations, or our third-party service providers' operations, which could cause us to lose customers and trading volume and result in substantial liabilities. We also could be required to incur significant expense to protect or remediate damage to our systems and/or investigate any alleged attack. We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations and our operational resiliency. Our technology, our customers, our people and our third-party service providers are vulnerable to targeted attacks, such as "phishing" attacks, unauthorized access, fraud, business email compromise, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, terrorism, "ransomware" attacks, attacks created through artificial intelligence, firewall or encryption failures or other security or operational risks. Criminal groups, political activist groups and nation-state actors have targeted the financial services industry in general, including as a result of armed conflicts, and our role in the global marketplace places us at significant risk for a cyber attack and other information security threats. While to date we have not experienced cyber incidents that are individually, or in the aggregate, material, we and certain of our third-party service providers have experienced cyber attacks of varying degrees in the past. Our usage of mobile, web, and cloud technologies, such as those pursuant to our partnership with Google Cloud, may increase our risk of a cyber attack. Our security defenses may also be impacted or breached due to employee error, malfeasance, system errors or vulnerabilities. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, users, customers or our third-party service providers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our technology systems and data, or our customers’ systems and data, or our third parties' systems and data. Any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in the services we provide that could potentially have an adverse effect on our business, while resulting in regulatory penalties or the imposition of additional obligations by regulators or others. The regulatory environment related to information security, privacy, data collection, data usage and use of artificial intelligence is increasingly rigorous and complex, and any failure to comply may carry significant penalties and reputational damage. We have designed our cyber defense program to mitigate such attacks and security risks through administrative, physical and technical safeguards. As part of our global information security (GIS) and privacy programs, we employ resources to prevent, detect and respond to cyber attacks and security risks that could impact our people, processes and technology infrastructure, including rapid response to zero-day vulnerabilities. However, our security measures or those of our third-party service providers, including any cloud-based technologies, may prove insufficient depending upon the attack or threat posed. It is impossible to precisely predict the likelihood or impact of any cyberattack on our industry generally, or on our business. Any security attack or breach could result in system failures and delays, malfunctions in our operations, loss of customers or lower trading volume, loss of competitive position, damage to our reputation, disruption of our business, legal liability or regulatory fines and significant costs, which in turn may cause our revenues and earnings to decline and could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We may be subject to litigation and financial losses that exceed our insurance policy limits or are not covered under any of our current policies. As a financial services provider, we are subject to significant litigation risk and regulatory liability and penalties. Many aspects of our business present substantial litigation risks. These risks include, among others, potential liability from disputes over terms of a trade, the claim that a system failure or delay caused monetary losses to a customer, that we entered into an unauthorized transaction, that we provided materially false or misleading statements in connection with a transaction or that we failed to effectively fulfill our regulatory oversight responsibilities. We may be subject to disputes regarding the quality of trade execution, the settlement of trades or other matters relating to our services. We may become subject to these claims as a 19 Table of Contents result of failures or malfunctions of our systems and services we provide. We could incur significant legal expenses defending claims, even those without merit. In addition, an adverse resolution of any future lawsuit or claim against us could have a material adverse effect on our business and our reputation. To the extent we are found to have failed to fulfill our regulatory obligations, we could lose our authorizations or licenses or become subject to conditions that could make future operations more costly and impair our profitability. Such events could also result in customer dissatisfaction and a decline in their willingness to trade on our markets. We may be at greater risk from terrorism, which poses physical security risks and cybersecurity risks, than other companies. Given our role in the global financial services industry, we may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target of, or an indirect casualty of, attacks by terrorists or terrorist organizations. It is impossible to accurately predict the likelihood or impact of any terrorist attack against us or our third-party service providers, or on our industry generally. While we have implemented significant physical security protection measures, business continuity plans, and established backup sites to provide operational resiliency, in the event of an attack or a threat of an attack, these security measures and contingency plans may be inadequate to prevent significant disruptions in our business, technology or access to the infrastructure necessary to maintain our business. Such an attack may result in harm to our personnel or the closure of our facilities or render our backup data and recovery systems inoperable, or have similar consequences for our third-party service providers. Damage to our facilities due to terrorist attacks may be significantly in excess of any amount of insurance coverage available, or we may not be able to insure against such damage at a reasonable price or at all. The threat of terrorist attacks also may negatively affect our ability to attract and retain employees. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS Damage to our reputation or brand could harm our business. Maintaining our reputation and brand is critical to attracting and retaining customers, investors and employees and to maintaining our relationships with our regulators and other government officials. Negative publicity regarding our company or actual, alleged or perceived issues regarding our company, products or services, including social and environmental concerns relating to our company or certain commodity products and increased impact from climate change or criticism or market reaction to the performance of our market in periods of extreme volatility, could give rise to reputational risk, which could significantly harm our business prospects. These issues may include, but are not limited to, any of the risks discussed in this Item 1A, including risks from customer disputes, system failures or intrusions, cybersecurity attacks, failures to meet our regulatory obligations, failures of a clearing firm or other counterparty, issues relating to our third-party service providers, alleged or actual fraud or misconduct or manipulative activity, or ineffective risk management. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement and maintain electronic trading and clearing systems that have the functionality, performance, availability, resilience, capacity, security and speed required by our customers. The success of our business depends in large part on our ability to create interactive electronic marketplaces for a wide range of products that have the required functionality, performance, availability, resilience, capacity, security and speed to attract and retain customer s. In 2025 , 93% of o ur overall contract volume was generated through electronic trading on our CME Globex electronic platform. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. As a result, we will continue to be subject to risks, expenses and uncertainties encountered in the rapidly evolving market for electronic transaction services. These risks include our failure or inability to: • provide reliable and cost-effective services to our customers; • develop, in a timely manner, the required functionality to support electronic trading in a manner that is competitive with the functionality supported by other electronic markets; • maintain the competitiveness of our fee structure; • attract ISVs to write software that will allow our customers to effectively access our systems; • respond to technological developments or service offerings by competitors; and • generate sufficient revenue to justify the substantial capital investment we have made and will continue to make to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings. Failure to continuously improve our electronic trading systems and technology offerings could materially impact our financial condition or results of operations. This includes, but is not limited to, the successful development and migration of our markets and supporting operational and business functions to the Google Cloud in the new private Google Cloud region. If our trading systems and technology offerings cannot be developed to include other products and markets, or if they lack the functionality, 20 Table of Contents performance, availability, resilience, capacity, security, and speed demanded by our customers, our ability to successfully compete, along with our revenues and profits, will be adversely affected. Additionally, we rely on our customers' ability to have the necessary back office functionality to support our new products and our trading and clearing functionality, including generating sufficient liquidity. To the extent our customers and/or their third-party service providers are not prepared and/or lack the resources or infrastructure, the success of our new initiatives may be compromised. Our business is subject to the impact of financial markets volatility, which is caused by conditions that are beyond our control. Trading volume in our markets and products is largely driven by the degree of volatility - the magnitude and frequency of fluctuations - in prices and levels of the underlying commodities, securities, indices, financial benchmarks or other instruments. Volatility increases the need to hedge price risk and creates opportunities for investment and speculative or arbitrage trading. Were there to be a sustained period of stability in the prices or levels of the underlying commodities, securities, indices, benchmarks or other instruments of our products, we could experience lower trading volumes, slower growth or declines in revenues. Because our cost structure is largely fixed, if demand for our current products and services declines for any reason, we may not be able to adjust our cost structure to counteract the associated decline in revenues, which would cause our net income to decline. If we experience system failures or capacity constraints, our ability to conduct our operations and execute our business strategy could be materially harmed, and we could be subject to significant costs and liabilities. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to process, execute and monitor, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, a large number of transactions, which occur at high volumes and frequencies across multiple systems and our ability to access key business data, financial information, order processing and invoicing. We are heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology and communications and other business systems and software supporting our operations provided by third parties. Our systems, or those of our third-party service providers, including data center and cloud providers, may fail or be shut down or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing one or more of the following to occur: • unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers; • slower response times and delays in our customers' trade execution and processing; • failed settlement of trades; • incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording, or processing of trades; • financial losses; • cybersecurity attacks; • litigation or other customer claims; • loss of customers; or • regulatory sanctions. We cannot assure that we will not experience system failures from power or telecommunications failures, acts of God, war or terrorism, human error on our part or on the part of our third-party service providers or partners, natural disasters, fire, rising temperatures, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, cyber attacks, acts of vandalism or similar occurrences. If any of our systems or the systems of our third-party service providers do not operate properly, are compromised or are disabled, including as a result of system failure, employee or customer error or misuse of our systems, we could suffer financial loss, liability to customers, regulatory intervention or reputational damage that could affect demand by current and potential users of our market. On November 27, 2025, our largest data center owned and operated by CyrusOne experienced a critical cooling failure caused by human error. In response to the critical cooling failure, we made the decision to temporarily halt our markets. Our markets opened the following day on a delayed basis. Although the impact to our business from the event was limited and not material, we cannot make assurances that we will not experience future events that may be material. From time to time, we have experienced system errors and failures that have resulted in some customers being unable to connect to our electronic trading platforms and technology offerings, or that resulted in erroneous reporting. Such errors may result in CME Group being liable or in our voluntary assumption of financial liability. We cannot assure that if we experience system errors or failures in the future that they will not have a material adverse impact on our business. Any such system failures that cause an interruption in service or decrease our responsiveness could impact our trading volumes, impair our reputation, damage our brand, result in regulatory fines and/or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 21 Table of Contents Regulations relating to our trading and clearing systems generally require the handling of anticipated present and future peak trading volume. Heavy use of our systems during peak trading times or at times of unusual market volatility could exceed our available capacity based on estimated future trading volumes and cause them to operate slowly or even to fail for periods of time. We constantly monitor system loads and performance, and regularly implement system upgrades to handle estimated increases in volume. However, we cannot assure that our estimates of future trading volume and order messaging traffic will be accurate or that our systems will always be able to accommodate actual trading volume and order messaging traffic without failure or degradation of performance or speed. Increased trading volume and order messaging traffic may result in connectivity problems or erroneous reports that may affect users of our platforms. System failure or degradation could lead our customers to file formal complaints with industry regulatory organizations, to file lawsuits against us or to cease doing business with us or could lead our regulators to initiate inquiries or proceedings for failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. We will need to continue to upgrade, expand and increase the capacity of our systems as our business grows and as we execute our business strategy. Although many of our systems are designed to accommodate additional volume and products and services without redesign or replacement, we will need to continue to make significant investments to accommodate the increases in volume of transactions and order transaction traffic and to provide processing services to third parties. If we cannot increase the capacity and capabilities of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions and to execute our business strategy, our ability to maintain or expand our businesses could be adversely affected. We, as well as many of our customers, depend on third-party service providers for a number of services that are important. An interruption or cessation of an important supply or service by any third party could have a material adverse effect on our business, including revenues derived from our customers' trading activity. We depend on a number of suppliers, such as banking, clearing and settlement organizations, telephone companies, internet service providers, data processors, cloud hosting providers, data center providers, and software and hardware vendors, for elements of our trading, clearing, and other systems, as well as communications and networking equipment, computer hardware and software and related support and maintenance. Although we conduct due diligence and monitor important suppliers and service providers (including the resiliency of their operations), we cannot provide assurances of their performance and any interruption or cessation of their supplies or services could negatively impact our operations or those of our customers, as well as affect our reputation, financial or regulatory posture. As discussed above in “If we experience system failures or capacity constraints, our ability to conduct our operations and execute our business strategy could be materially harmed, and we could be subject to significant costs and liabilities,” in November 2025, CyrusOne, the owner and operator of our largest data center, experienced a critical cooling failure, which resulted in our decision to temporarily halt our markets. Many of our customers rely on third parties, such as ISVs, to provide them with front-end systems to access our trading platforms and other back office systems for their trade processing and risk management needs. While these service providers have undertaken to keep current and certify as to our enhancements and make corresponding changes to their software for our interfaces and functionality, we cannot guarantee that they will continue to make the necessary monetary, resource and time investments to keep up with our enhancements and changes. To the extent any of our service providers or the organizations that provide services to our customers in connection with their trading activities cease to provide these services or cease to provide these services in an efficient, cost-effective manner, or fail to adequately expand their services to meet our needs and the needs of our customers, we could experience decreased trading volume, lower revenues and higher costs. In addition, while we may be entitled to recovery for breaches of, or liabilities otherwise incurred in connection with, our agreements with third-party service providers, such recovery is limited by the terms of these agreements and may not compensate us in full. Our business exposes us to substantial credit risk of our clearing firms and other counterparties and, consequently, a decrease in their financial resources could adversely affect us. Our clearing house operations expose us to counterparties with differing risk profiles. In our derivatives business, we routinely guarantee transactions submitted by our clearing firm customers with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional customers. We could be adversely impacted by the financial distress or failure of one or more of our derivatives clearing firms. During 2025, the clearing house transferred an average of approximately $ 6.7 billion a day through the clearing system for settlement from clearing firms whose positions had lost value to clearing firms whose positions had gained value. Additionally, we are exposed to the risk of loss from the failure of a matched principal counterparty to settle its trades at BrokerTec Americas. A substantial part of our working capital may be at risk if a clearing firm defaults on its obligations to our clearing house and its margin and guaranty fund deposits are insufficient to meet its obligations. Additionally, BrokerTec Americas is exposed to the potential risk of loss in the event a counterparty fails to meet its obligations. Later in 2026, we expect to launch clearing services for U.S. Treasury cash and repo transactions. While we have a long history in, and deep understanding of, risk 22 Table of Contents management from the operation of our derivatives clearing house, the operation of a securities clearing house is new to our business. Our policies and procedures which are designed to ensure that our clearing firms and other counterparties can satisfy their obligations, including collecting margin and guaranty fund contributions from clearing firms, may not succeed in detecting problems or preventing defaults. The processes for calculating and setting margins and financial safeguards is complex and there is no guarantee that our risk models that are utilized to calculate margin and our financial safeguard procedures will adequately protect us in all circumstances. We have in place various measures intended to enable us to cure any default and maintain liquidity. However, we cannot guarantee that these measures will be sufficient to protect market participants from a default or that we will not be adversely affected in the event of a significant default. In addition, we have established a fund (currently $98.0 million) to provide payments, up to certain maximum levels, to qualified family farmers, ranchers and other agricultural industry participants who use our derivatives products and who suffer losses to their segregated account balances if their clearing firm becomes insolvent. Our market data revenues may be reduced by decreased demand, poor overall economic conditions, regulatory changes or a significant change in how market participants trade and use market data. We offer a wide range of data services designed to support the trading, risk management, investment and business needs of our customers. Revenues from our market data and information services represe nted 12% of our total revenues during the years ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. Factors that may affect our performance and demand for our data include, but are not limited to: • Our ability to maintain existing customers utilizing our data and to attract new customers with our products and services; • A challenging business environment for our customers, which may require them to reduce their usage of our market data; • The impacts of new regulations, laws, rules or other government policies; • Our ability to ensure that customers are appropriately licensed and are paying fees for the data used; • The protection of our intellectual property rights and identification of misappropriation and/or misuses of CME Group market data, including through the use of artificial intelligence; and • Our ability to keep pace with technological developments and client preferences. We may have difficulty executing our growth strategy and maintaining our growth effectively. We continue to execute on strategic initiatives to grow our business, including efforts to serve the OTC markets and to distribute our products and services on a global basis, and other initiatives to enter new markets. There is no guarantee that our efforts will be successful. Continued growth will require additional investment in personnel, facilities, information technology infrastructure and financial and management systems and controls, and may place a significant strain on our management and resources. For example, if we encounter limited resources, we may be required to increase our expenses to obtain the necessary resources, defer existing initiatives or not pursue certain opportunities. We may not be successful in implementing all of the processes that are necessary to support our growth organically or, as described below, through acquisitions, other investments or strategic alliances and partnerships. Our growth strategy also may subject us to increased legal, compliance and regulatory obligations. Unless our growth results in an increase in revenues that is proportionate to the increase in our costs associated with our growth, our future profitability could be adversely affected, and we may have to incur significant expenditures to address the additional operational and control requirements as a result of our growth. We intend to continue to explore acquisitions, other investments and strategic alliances. We may not be successful in identifying opportunities or in integrating the acquired businesses. Any such transaction may not produce the results we anticipate, which could adversely affect our business and our stock price. We intend to continue to explore and pursue acquisitions and other strategic opportunities to strengthen our business and grow our company. We may make acquisitions or investments or enter into strategic partnerships, joint ventures and other alliances. The market for such transactions is highly competitive, especially in light of historical merger and acquisition activity in our industry. As a result, we may be unable to identify strategic opportunities or we may be unable to negotiate or finance future transactions on terms favorable to us, which could impact our ability to identify growth opportunities. We may issue additional equity and/or debt as part of strategic partnerships with third parties, as was the case in connection with our partnership with Google Cloud. The issuance of additional equity in connection with any future transaction could be substantially dilutive to our existing shareholders. The issuance of additional debt could increase our leverage substantially. To the extent we acquire a new business, the process of integration also may produce unforeseen regulatory and operating difficulties and expenditures and may divert the attention of management from the ongoing operation of our business. To the 23 Table of Contents extent we enter into joint ventures and alliances, we may experience difficulties in the development and expansion of the business of any newly formed ventures, in the exercise of influence over the activities of any ventures in which we do not have a controlling interest, as well as encounter potential conflicts with our joint venture or alliance partners. We may not realize the anticipated growth and other benefits from our growth initiatives and investments, which may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results. We also may be required to take an impairment charge in our financial statements relating to our acquisitions and/or investments, which could negatively affect our stock price. The expansion of our global operations is complex and subjects us to increased business and economic risks that could adversely affect our financial results. In connection with our expanded global operations, we face certain risks inherent in doing business internationally. These risks include: • fluctuations in currency exchange rates; • complying with extensive and complex compliance requirements, regulations and oversight by regulators 
[...TRUNCATED...]