TICKER=CMG|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CMG_2026-02-04.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations” section and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. If any of the risks and uncertainties described below occur or continue to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations, and the trading price of our common stock could be materially and adversely affected. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material but are not the only risks and uncertainties we face. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, including, but not limited to, overall economic and industry conditions. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we presently deem immaterial may arise or become material and may negatively impact our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations or the trading price of our common stock. Risks Related to our Brand Reputation and Restaurant Operations Food safety and food-borne illness concerns may have an adverse effect on our business by negatively impacting our brand, decreasing sales and increasing costs. Food safety is our top priority, and we dedicate significant resources to ensuring that our food products are safe; however, even strong preventative controls and interventions from farm to restaurant cannot completely eliminate food safety risks. Incidents of food-borne illnesses have occurred and may continue to occur in our and other restaurants resulting from the failure of restaurant employees to properly cook or maintain ingredients; employees or guests entering a restaurant while infected with communicable diseases; or contaminated ingredients resulting from the failure of a supplier, distributor or employee to execute food safety preventive controls. Although we monitor and audit compliance with our program, we cannot guarantee that every food item is safely and properly maintained from the start of the supply chain through guest consumption. Any report, legitimate or rumored, of food-borne illness caused by pathogens such as E. coli, hepatitis A, norovirus, listeria, Campylobacter, Clostridium perfringens or salmonella, or other food safety issues, such as food tampering, contamination or natural or foreign objects, at one of our restaurants could adversely affect our reputation and have a negative impact on our sales. In addition, instances of food-borne illness or food safety issues that occur solely at competitors’ restaurants or at suppliers or distributors (even if we do not work with them) could result in negative publicity about the restaurant industry and adversely impact our sales. The occurrence of food-borne illnesses or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, resulting in higher costs and lower margins. We may have higher risk for food safety incidents than some of our competitors because we use fresh, unprocessed produce, handle raw chicken in our restaurants, rely on employees cooking with traditional methods and don't use artificial preservatives or frozen ingredients in our menu items. The risk of illnesses associated with our food also may increase due to our delivery and catering businesses, in which our food is transported, stored and/or served in conditions that are not under our control. All of these factors could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain guests, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our growth and profitability. In addition, real or perceived concerns about pervasive chemicals and substances in the U.S. food supply chain, such as phthalates, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances ("PFAS"), microplastics or heavy metals, have been the subject of increased regulatory scrutiny and lawsuits against us and other restaurant companies, which could impact consumers’ confidence in the restaurant industry and reduce restaurant sales. Failure to maintain the value and reputation of the Chipotle brand could negatively impact our financial results . We built strong value in the Chipotle brand by serving delicious, high quality food, made fresh every day using responsibly sourced ingredients served in generous portions. Our continued success depends on maintaining this compelling brand value, which may be eroded by numerous factors, some of which are outside of our control. Incidents that could erode trust in our brand include actual or perceived food safety or food-borne illnesses; allegations of unethical or unprofessional behavior by employees and/or guests; privacy breaches or violations of privacy laws; safety-related incidents occurring in or around our restaurants; guest perceptions regarding smaller entrée portion sizes; or other events or incidents described in this risk factors section. The adverse impact of such incidents may be compounded by negative publicity, including through social or digital media, or if they result in litigation. Social media, video-sharing, networking, and gaming and messaging platforms dramatically increase the speed and reach at which negative publicity is disseminated, often before we have a meaningful opportunity to investigate, respond to and address an issue. Negative online postings or comments about us, including as a result of inaccurate, fictitious or malicious postings or media content, have in the past and could in the future magnify and prolong the adverse impact of any one incident and increase the damage to the value of our brand. 9 Table of Contents Additionally, consumer demand for our products and our brand value could diminish significantly if we, our employees or business partners fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, take positions or actions that may be considered controversial, fail to deliver a consistently positive guest experience or fail to foster an inclusive and welcoming environment. In addition, we cannot ensure that our restaurant crew or business partners will not take actions that adversely affect our brand reputation and relevance. The restaurant industry is highly competitive. If we are not able to compete successfully, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. The restaurant industry is highly competitive on factors such as taste, price, food quality and selection, customer service, brand reputation, digital engagement, advertising and promotional initiatives, and the location, attractiveness and maintenance of restaurants. We also compete with non-traditional market participants, such as “convenience meals” in the form of entrées, side dishes or meal preparation kits from grocery stores, meal kit delivery services, and “ghost” or “dark” kitchens, where meals are prepared at separate takeaway premises rather than a restaurant. Delivery aggregators and food delivery services, which provide consumers with convenient access to a broad range of competing restaurant chains and food retailers, particularly in urbanized areas, may direct potential customers to other restaurants based on paid placements, online reviews and other factors, and may form a closer relationship with our guests. Increased competition could have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability and development plans. If guest tastes or dietary preferences change, if our marketing efforts are unsuccessful, or if we are unable to compete successfully with other restaurant concepts, our business could be adversely affected. We continue to believe our commitment to higher-quality and responsibly sourced ingredients resonates with guests and gives us a competitive advantage; however, many of our competitors also make claims related to the quality of their ingredients and lack of artificial flavors, colors and preservatives. The use of these claims by competitors, even if such claims are not accurate or comparable, may lessen our differentiation and make it more difficult for us to compete. If we are unable to continue to maintain our distinctiveness and compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our use of third-party delivery services may not be profitable and substandard service may negatively impact our reputation. Over 16% of our 2025 food and beverage revenue consisted of delivery orders for which we are reliant on third-party delivery companies. Depending on which ordering platform a guest uses – our brand platform or the third-party delivery platform – the delivery fee we collect from the guest may be less than the actual delivery cost. If we increase our menu prices on third-party delivery platforms to cover higher delivery fees, we may not be competitive with other restaurant options offered on that platform. If the third-party delivery companies we use increase the fees they charge users or give greater priority or promotions on their platforms to other restaurants, our delivery business and our sales may be negatively impacted. In addition, if a third-party delivery driver fails to deliver an order on time, fails to deliver the complete order or otherwise provides a bad guest experience, our guest may attribute that negative experience to Chipotle and our reputation and sales could be adversely impacted. The ordering and payment platforms used by these third parties, our mobile app or our online ordering site have been and could again be interrupted by technological failures, user errors, cyber-attacks or other factors, which could adversely impact sales through these channels and negatively impact our overall sales and reputation. 10 Table of Contents Risks Related to Human Capital If we are not able to hire, train and retain qualified restaurant employees and/or appropriately plan our workforce, our growth plan and profitability could be adversely affected. The aggressive pace at which we open new restaurants can make it increasingly difficult to recruit and hire sufficient numbers of qualified employees to manage and work in our restaurants, to train employees to deliver a consistently high-quality product and guest experience and to maintain an effective system of internal controls for a dispersed workforce, which could materially harm our business and results of operations. Maintaining appropriate staffing in our restaurants requires precise workforce planning, which has become more complex due to predictive scheduling laws (also called “fair workweek” or “secure scheduling”) and “just cause” termination legislation in certain geographic areas where we operate. The market for qualified talent continues to be competitive and we must continue to offer competitive wages, benefits and workplace conditions to retain qualified employees. We have experienced and may continue to experience challenges in hiring and retaining restaurant employees and in maintaining full restaurant staffing in various locations, which may have resulted in longer wait times for guest orders, temporary closures of the digital make line and decreased employee and guest satisfaction. A shortage of qualified candidates who meet legal work authorization requirements, failure to hire, train and retain new restaurant employees in a timely manner or higher than expected turnover levels could affect our ability to open new restaurants, grow sales at existing restaurants or meet our labor cost objectives. Changes in immigration laws could decrease the number of potential candidates with legal work authorization, disrupt the workforce for companies that rely on hourly workers and increase the costs, time and requirements to hire new employees. In addition, our failure to adequately monitor and proactively respond to employee dissatisfaction could lead to poor guest satisfaction, higher turnover, litigation and unionization efforts, which could negatively impact our financial results. We have experienced labor union efforts to organize groups of our employees from time to time and, if successful, those organizational efforts may decrease our operational flexibility and disrupt our normal operations, which could adversely affect our business. If we fail to comply with applicable employment and labor laws and regulations, it could have a material, adverse impact on our business. Various employment and labor laws and regulations govern our relationships with our employees, both within and outside the U.S. These laws and regulations relate to matters such as employment discrimination, wage and hour laws, requirements to provide and document meal and rest periods or other benefits, family leave mandates, requirements regarding working conditions and accommodations to certain employees, requirements relating to setting and changing work schedules, citizenship or work authorization and related requirements, insurance and workers’ compensation rules, healthcare laws, anti-discrimination laws, including pay transparency requirements, and anti-harassment laws. We incur substantial costs to comply with these laws and regulations and non-compliance could expose us to significant liabilities. For example, we have had lawsuits filed against us alleging violations of federal and state laws regarding employee wages and payment of overtime, meal and rest breaks, pay transparency to applicants and related practices. We incur legal costs to defend these types of cases, and we could incur losses from these and similar cases, and the amount of such costs and losses could be material. In addition, some jurisdictions in which we operate have implemented fair workweek or “secure scheduling” legislation, which impose complex requirements related to scheduling for certain restaurant employees; sick pay and paid time off legislation, which requires employers to provide paid time off to employees; and/or “just cause” termination legislation, which restricts companies’ ability to terminate employees or reduce employees’ hours unless they can prove “just cause” or a “bona fide economic reason” for the termination or reduction in hours. Additional jurisdictions are considering similar types of legislation. These regulations impose additional obligations on us, which could increase our operating costs, and our failure to comply with any of these regulations could subject us to penalties and other legal liabilities. For example, in 2022 we settled a complaint alleging that we violated New York City’s Fair Workweek law and Earned Safe and Sick Time Act, and we currently are cooperating with a second audit by New York City of our compliance with employment law requirements, which could result in additional liabilities. Our potential liability for these employment laws and regulations may be higher than our restaurant peers because, as one of the largest restaurant companies that owns and operates all our restaurants in the U.S. and Canada, we have more employees than most of our restaurant peers, which franchise some or a significant portion of their operations. 11 Table of Contents Increases in the cost of labor, including mandated minimum wage increases and increases in the cost of health benefits, could adversely impact our business and profitability. Our profitability has been and could continue to be adversely impacted by increases in labor costs, including wages and health benefits, which are some of our most significant costs. Increases could be triggered by federal, state and local laws governing matters such as minimum wages, meal and rest breaks and changes to eligibility for overtime pay; regulations regarding scheduling and benefits; increased health care and workers’ compensation insurance costs; and higher wages and benefit costs necessary to attract, hire and retain high-quality employees with the right skill sets in a highly competitive job market. In addition, state and local laws may require wage increases, restrictions on working hours and other factors that would restrict our flexibility to respond to market conditions and increase our costs without corresponding benefits. Our ability to offset higher labor costs by increasing menu prices depends on the willingness of our guests to pay the higher prices and the perceived value of our meals relative to competitors. If competitive or inflationary pressures or other factors prevent us from offsetting higher labor costs by increased menu prices, our profitability may decline. A failure to recruit, develop and retain effective leaders or the loss or shortage of management personnel with key capacities and skills could impact our strategic growth plans and jeopardize our ability to meet our business performance expectations and growth targets. Our ability to continue to grow our business depends substantially on the contributions and abilities of our executive leadership team and other key management personnel. Changes in senior management could result in significant changes in strategic direction and initiatives. A failure to maintain appropriate organizational capability to support our strategic initiatives, a failure to implement appropriate leadership development programs and build adequate bench strength with key skillsets, or a failure to effectively manage our leadership succession, could jeopardize our ability to meet our business performance expectations and growth targets. If we are unable to attract, develop, retain and incentivize sufficiently experienced and capable management personnel, our business and financial results may suffer. Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Data Privacy and IT Systems We are heavily dependent on information technology systems and failures or interruptions in our IT systems could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and/or result in the loss of guests or employees. We are heavily dependent on information technology systems, including for point-of-sale and payment processing in our restaurants, digital ordering and order delivery, tracing ingredients back to suppliers and growers, digital Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points monitoring, monitoring and managing our supply chain, our guest rewards program, payroll processing, sales forecasting, marketing initiatives, business analytics and various other processes and transactions. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the procurement, production, distribution, safety and sale of our products depends significantly on the consistent availability, reliability and security of these systems. Many of these critical systems are provided and managed by third parties, and we are reliant on these third-party providers to implement protective measures that ensure the security and availability of their systems. Although we have operational safeguards in place and we take efforts to ensure that our third-party providers have implemented proper safeguards and controls, we cannot guarantee that breaches or failures caused by these third-party systems or platforms will not occur. Failures may be caused by factors such as power outages, natural disasters and other catastrophic events, physical theft, computer and network failures, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems or platforms, flaws in third-party software or services, or errors or improper use by our employees or our third-party service providers. If any of our critical IT systems were to become unreliable, unavailable, compromised or otherwise fail, and we were unable to recover in a timely manner, we could experience an interruption in our operations that could have a material adverse impact on our profitability. We continue to invest in and utilize emerging technologies that have potential to make business tasks easier, more efficient and less labor intensive, including artificial intelligence and machine learning. These new technologies may not deliver the expected efficiencies and could expose us to new risks, including risks related to cybersecurity, data privacy, inaccuracies, hallucinations, bias or discrimination and claims of intellectual property infringement. 12 Table of Contents Breaches or other unauthorized access, theft, modification or destruction of guest and/or employee personal information, or Chipotle confidential or proprietary information that is stored in our information technology systems or by third parties could damage our reputation and expose us to potential liabilities and loss of revenue. As our dependence on technology has grown, the scope and severity of potential risks from cyber-attacks and security threats have increased. We expect that the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence have heightened and will continue to heighten those risks. Many of our information technology systems an d the systems of our third-party business partners (whether cloud-based or hosted in proprietary servers) contain personal, financial or other information of our guests, employees, and business partners, and confidential information about our business, such as business strategies, financial results, development initiatives, and confidential information about third parties, such as suppliers. Similar to many other restaurant companies, we have in the past experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, cyber-attacks, including phishing, and other attempts to breach, or gain unauthorized access to, our systems and databases and we expect the number and frequency of these attempts to increase as the scope and scale of our technology footprint and digital operations increases. In addition, individuals performing work for us and our third-party business partners may access some of this data, including on personally owned digital devices. To the extent we, a third party or any such individual were to experience a breach of our or their information technology systems that results in the unauthorized access, theft, use, destruction or other compromises of guests’ or employees’ data or confidential information of Chipotle, including through cyber-attacks or other external or internal methods, it could have an adverse impact on our reputation and brand and we could experience a material loss of revenues, a decrease in our ability to retain guests or attract new ones, the imposition of potentially significant costs (including loss of data or payment for recovery of data) and liabilities, loss of business partners and the disruption to our supply chain and business plans. Unauthorized access, theft, use, destruction or other compromises are becoming increasingly sophisticated and may occur through a variety of methods, including attacks using malicious code, vulnerabilities in software, hardware or other infrastructure (including systems used by our supply chain), system misconfigurations, phishing, deepfakes, ransomware, malware or social engineering. Our logging capabilities, or the logging capabilities of third parties, are not always complete or sufficiently granular, affecting our ability to fully understand the scope of security breaches. Given the increasing complexity and sophistication of techniques used by bad actors to obtain unauthorized access to or disable information technology systems, and the fact that cyberattacks are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives, it is increasingly difficult to anticipate, defend against and detect cyberattacks. A cyberattack could occur and persist for an extended period of time before we detect it. Moreover, the extent of a particular cyber incident and the steps that we may need to take to investigate the incident may not be immediately clear, and it may take a significant amount of time before such investigation can be finalized and completed and reliable information about the incident is known. During the pendency of any such investigation, we may not know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and we may be required to disclose incidents before their full extent is known. Such security breaches also could result in a violation of applicable U.S. and international privacy, cyber and other laws or trigger data breach notification laws, including under the SEC’s disclosure rules, and subject us to private third party or securities litigation and governmental investigations and proceedings, any of which could result in our exposure to material civil or criminal liability. These risks also exist in companies that license our brand, that we partner with or invest in that use separate information systems. We may be required to make significant capital investments and other expenditures to investigate security incidents, remedy cybersecurity problems, recuperate lost data, prevent future compromises and adapt systems and practices to react to the changing threat environment. These include costs associated with notifying affected individuals and other agencies, additional security technologies and training, hiring additional employees, retention of experts and providing credit monitoring services for individuals whose data has been breached. These costs could be material and could adversely impact our results of operations in the period in which they are incurred, including by causing us to delay the pursuit of other important business strategies and initiatives, and may not meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our information technology systems. If we fail to fully comply with privacy and data protection laws and regulations, we could incur significant civil and criminal penalties and liabilities, suffer reputational damage, and adverse publicity. Complex local, state, federal and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal data. These privacy, consumer protection, and data protection laws and regulations are quickly evolving, with new or modified laws and regulations proposed and implemented frequently and existing laws and regulations subject to new or different interpretations and enforcement. Complying with these laws and regulations is costly and can delay or impede the development of new services or the continued use of existing services or data. 13 Table of Contents If we fail or are perceived to have failed to comply with applicable privacy, consumer protection, and data protection laws, or to properly respond to or honor individual requests under such laws, we may face enforcement actions, regulatory investigations, and oversight, consent orders limiting our ability to use data or requiring data or model disgorgement, or claims for damages by guests and other affected parties. The matters could result in regulatory fines, civil actions, reputational harm, any of which could materially adversely effect on our operations, financial performance, and business. The amount and scope of insurance we maintain may not cover all types of claims that may arise. Risks Related to Our Supply Chain Increases in the costs of ingredients, restaurant equipment and other materials could adversely affect our financial results. The prices for some of our ingredients, such as beef, avocados and other produce fluctuate due to factors beyond our control, such as limited sources, seasonal shifts, climate conditions or inclement weather, natural disasters, inflation, military and geopolitical conflicts and industry demand, including as a result of animal disease outbreaks, international commodity markets, food safety concerns, product recalls and government regulation. In addition, we source some ingredients (including avocados, tomatoes, beef, pork, limes, peppers and spices), restaurant equipment, packaging and paper products outside the U.S. (including from Mexico, Canada and China), which could subject them to increased tariffs, trade sanctions or taxes. We try to mitigate future price risk through forward contracts, strong partnerships with key suppliers, directly managing key raw material procurement and diversifying our supply base and countries of origin; however, these activities may not fully insulate us from increases in costs, which could have an adverse impact on our profitability. We also could be adversely impacted by price increases specific to meats raised in accordance with our Responsibly Raised animal welfare criteria, and ingredients grown in accordance with our Food with Integrity specifications, the markets for which are generally smaller and more concentrated than the markets for conventionally raised or grown ingredients. Any increase in the prices of the ingredients most critical to our menu, such as chicken, beef, dairy (for cheese, sour cream and queso), avocados, tortillas and pork, would have a particularly adverse effect on our operating results. If the cost of one or more ingredients significantly increases, we may choose to temporarily suspend serving menu items that use those ingredients, such as guacamole or one of our proteins, rather than pay the increased cost. Any such changes to our available menu may negatively impact our restaurant traffic and could adversely impact our sales and brand. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of ingredients could adversely affect our operating results. Our business is dependent on frequent and consistent deliveries of ingredients that comply with our Food with Integrity specifications, such as dairy (for cheese, sour cream and queso), and beef, pork and chicken that meets our Responsibly Raised requirements. We may experience shortages, delays or interruptions in the supply of ingredients and other supplies to our restaurants due to higher or more lucrative demand from other sources; inclement weather or natural disasters; animal disease outbreaks (such as avian flu); social or labor unrest; shortages of agricultural workers (including due to changes in immigration laws); operational disruptions at our suppliers, distributors or transportation providers (including due to cyberattacks, malware or ransomware); financial distress or insolvency of suppliers or distributors, or the inability of suppliers or distributors to manage adverse business conditions; or other conditions beyond our control. S everal states have adopted, and others are considering adopting, extended producer requirement (EPR) laws covering end-of-life management of packaging, which aim to reduce waste and encourage sustainable product design through fees and processing requirements. We could incur shortages of or increased costs for certain food packaging we use due to changes made by our suppliers to comply with these EPR laws. In addition, we have a limited number of suppliers for some of our ingredients, including lemon and lime juice, tomatoes and adobo. Although we believe we have potential alternative suppliers and sufficient reserves of ingredients, shortages or interruptions in our supply of ingredients could adversely affect our financial results. 14 Table of Contents If our supply chain capacity does not expand to support our new restaurant growth, our long-term growth goals could be impaired or delayed. We have set aggressive goals for the number of new restaurants we plan to open over the next few years. Even in the absence of extraordinary disruptions, we may not be able to increase the capacity of our supply chain to keep pace with our growth and fully meet our future business needs. We have experienced and may in the future experience limited available supplies of Responsibly Raised proteins and ingredients that meet our Food with Integrity specifications. In addition, we rely on independent third-party distributors to maintain an inventory of our ingredients and supplies, and deliver them to our restaurants on a timely, as needed basis. There can be no assurance that our suppliers or distributors will be able to accommodate our planned growth or continue to supply required ingredients at preferential prices or at all. The inability of our suppliers to accommodate our growth in a timely or cost-effective manner could impair our growth and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Legal and Regulatory Risks We could be party to litigation or other legal proceedings that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and reputation. We have been and will continue to be subject to litigation and other legal proceedings that may adversely affect our business, including claims brought by employees, guests, government agencies, suppliers, distributors, shareholders, job applicants or others. These proceedings may be in the form of private actions, administrative proceedings, government enforcement or regulatory actions and litigation on a class or collective basis on behalf of what can be a large group of potential claimants. These legal proceedings have involved, and in the future may involve, allegations of illegal, unfair or inconsistent employment practices, including those governing wage and hour, employment of minors, discrimination, harassment, wrongful termination, fair scheduling, pay disclosure and vacation and family leave laws; food safety issues including food-borne illness, food contamination and adverse health effects from consumption of our food products; data security or privacy incidents or violations of related laws; discrimination against guests or job applicants; personal injury in our restaurants; marketing and advertising claims, including claims that our Food with Integrity, marketing, nutrition, or sustainability claims are misleading or inaccurate or that price-related disclosures are misleading; infringement of patent, copyright or other intellectual property rights; violation of the federal securities laws; workers’ compensation; or other concerns. We are party to multiple lawsuits and governmental audits alleging violations of federal and state employment laws, including wage and hour and predictive scheduling claims, and we could be involved in similar or even more significant litigation and legal proceedings in the future. Even if the allegations against us are unfounded or we ultimately are held not liable, the costs to defend ourselves may be significant and the proceedings may divert management's attention away from operating our business, all of which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. A judgment significantly greater than any applicable insurance coverage or third-party indemnity could materially adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. In addition, adverse publicity resulting from claims may damage our reputation. 15 Table of Contents We are subject to extensive laws, government regulation, and other legal requirements and our failure to comply with existing or new laws and regulations could adversely affect our operational efficiencies, ability to attract and retain talent and results of operations. Our business is subject to extensive federal, state, local and international laws and regulations, including those relating to: • preparation, sale and labeling of food, including regulations of the Food and Drug Administration, which oversees the safety of the entire food system and covers inspections and mandatory food recalls, menu labeling and nutritional content; • employment practices and working conditions, including minimum wage rates, wage and hour practices, meal and rest breaks, fair workweek/secure scheduling and “just cause” legislation, employment of minors, discrimination, harassment, classification of employees, paid and family leave, workplace safety, immigration and overtime among others; • privacy and data security (including regulations governing the protection of personal information, advertising and marketing, access by children, biometrics, surveillance, artificial intelligence, health-related information and financial information); • health, sanitation, safety and fire standards and the sale of alcoholic beverages; • building and zoning requirements, including state and local licensing and regulation governing the design and operation of facilities and land use; • claims made in marketing and advertising, including regarding nutritional information and sustainability impacts; • public accommodations and safety conditions, including the Americans with Disabilities Act and similar state laws that give civil rights protections to individuals with disabilities in the context of employment, public accommodations, online resources and other areas; • environmental matters, such as emissions and air quality; water consumption; the discharge, storage, handling, release and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances; local ordinances restricting the types of packaging we can use in our restaurants; and claims we make about our sustainability practices and achievements; • new or increased tariffs, trade sanctions or taxes; and • public company compliance, disclosure and governance matters, including accounting and tax regulations, SEC and NYSE disclosure requirements. Compliance with these laws and regulations, and future new laws or changes in these laws or regulations that impose additional requirements, can be costly. If the Food and Drug Administration or other government agency adopts new laws and regulations in response to real or perceived emerging food safety, such as concerns over phthalates, PFAS, microplastics or heavy metals in the U.S. food supply, it could impose new processes that disrupt our suppliers’ operations, increase costs or both. Any failure or perceived failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations could result in, among other things, revocation of required licenses, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. Risks Related to Our Growth and Business Strategy If we are unable to meet our new restaurant opening goals, or maintain the attractiveness of our existing restaurants, our profitability could suffer. Our growth depends on our ability to open new restaurants at an aggressive rate and operate them profitably as soon as possible. The cost of opening new restaurants has continued to increase due to construction labor inflation and increased costs of materials and equipment. In addition, we incur substantial startup expenses each time we open a new restaurant, and it can take around 36 months to ramp up the sales and profitability of a new restaurant, during which time costs may be higher as we train new employees and build up a guest base. If we are unable to build the guest base that we expect or fail to overcome the higher startup expenses associated with new restaurants, our new restaurants may not be as profitable as our existing restaurants. In addition, the opening of new restaurants may negatively impact the profitability of existing restaurants that are located nearby. 16 Table of Contents Our ability to open and profitably operate new restaurants also is subject to risks, such as the identification and availability of desirable locations; the negotiation of acceptable lease terms; the need to obtain required governmental permits (including zoning approvals and liquor licenses) and comply with other regulatory requirements; the availability of capable contractors and subcontractors; increases in the cost and decreases in the availability of labor and building material; changes in weather, natural disasters, pandemics or other acts of God that could delay construction and adversely affect guest traffic; our ability to hire and train qualified management and restaurant employees; and general economic and business conditions. At each potential location, we compete with other restaurants and retail businesses for desirable development sites, construction contractors, management personnel, hourly employees and other resources. If we are unable to successfully manage these risks, we could face increased costs and lower than anticipated sales and earnings in future periods. Our timeline for completing construction also has gotten longer, due to landlord reluctance to commit to building in light of fluctuating interest rates, tight money supply and general economic conditions, and due to backlogs and long wait times for us to obtain required permits and utility hookups. In addition, we need to maintain the attractiveness of our existing restaurants through remodels, upgrades and regular upkeep. If the costs associated with remodels, upgrades or regular upkeep are higher than anticipated, restaurants are closed for remodeling for longer periods than planned or remodeled restaurants do not perform as expected, which could have a negative effect on our operating results, and we may not realize our projected desired return on investment. Our failure to effectively manage and support our growth could have a negative adverse effect on our business and financial results. As of December 31, 2025, we owned over 4,000 Chipotle restaurants and we plan to open a significant number of new restaurants in the next several years, working towards our long-term goal of 7,000 restaurants in the U.S. and Canada. Our existing restaurant management systems, back-office technology systems and processes, financial and management controls, information systems and staffing may not be adequate to support our growing business. To effectively manage a larger number of restaurants, we may need to upgrade and expand our infrastructure and information systems, automate more processes that currently are manual or require manual intervention and hire, train and retrain restaurant employees and corporate support staff, all of which may result in increased costs and at least temporary inefficiencies. We also believe our culture is an important contributor to our success, and as we continue to grow it may be increasingly difficult to embed and maintain our culture across the company. Our failure to sufficiently invest in our infrastructure and information systems and maintain our strong staffing and culture could harm our brand and operating results. If we partner with third parties or acquire new businesses that do not align with our core values or that do not fulfill their contractual responsibilities and commitments, our brand reputation and international growth plans could suffer. Our global growth strategy includes expanding our existing restaurant footprint and introducing Chipotle in new international jurisdictions in which we currently do not operate. The success of our strategy will depend on our identifying and partnering with new business partners, including licensees, joint venture partners, suppliers and distributors, and may include identifying suitable acquisition targets in these new jurisdictions that align with our core values. As of December 31, 2025, we had 14 international partner-operated Chipotle restaurants in the Middle East in partnership with the Alshaya Group, and we have plans to open more partner-operated Chipotle restaurants in the Middle East, Mexico and Asia. We believe guests expect the same high quality food and excellent customer service at partner-operated restaurants as they receive in Chipotle-owned and operated restaurants. We provide extensive training to our business partners and we require compliance with specific food quality and safety standards and guest service levels in our agreements with business partners; however, we do not have direct control over the partner-operated restaurants, and the quality and service in those restaurants may be less than the quality and service of Chipotle-owned restaurants. Failure of our business partners to adhere to our high food quality and operating standards, comply with applicable law, adhere to high ethical standards, and create a culture of respect in the partner-operated restaurants could damage our brand reputation, domestically and internationally, and impair our international expansion plans. New partnerships and/or acquisitions also may divert management’s attention from other initiatives and/or day-to-day operations, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 17 Table of Contents Risks Related to Sustainability Factors We are subject to evolving public disclosure obligations, including with respect to sustainability matters, which could expose us to numerous risks and could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. We are subject to evolving disclosure obligations promulgated by governmental and regulatory organizations relating to sustainability factors that impact our business. These disclosure obligations are complex and not always consistent, making compliance difficult and uncertain. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur increased expenses and mana
[...TRUNCATED...]