TICKER=CMI|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CMI_2026-02-10.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this Report and could individually, or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. These risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this Report, including statements related to markets for our products and trends in our business that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Our separate section above, “CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION,” should be considered in addition to the following statements. GOVERNMENT REGULATION While we have reached Settlement Agreements with the EPA, CARB, the Environmental and Natural Resources Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and the California Attorney General's Office to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the U.S., we have incurred, and likely will incur, other additional claims, costs and expenses in connection with the matters covered by the Settlement Agreements and other matters related to our compliance with emission standards for our engines, including with respect to additional regulatory action and collateral litigation related to these matters. Those and related expenses and reputational damage could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In December 2023, we announced that we reached the agreement in principle and recorded a charge of $2.0 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023 to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the U.S., which became final and effective in April 2024. This fourth quarter of 2023 charge was in addition to the previously announced charges of $59 million for the recalls of model years 2013 through 2018 RAM 2500 and 3500 trucks and model years 2016 through 2019 Titan trucks. Failure to comply with the terms and conditions of the Settlement Agreements subjects us to stipulated penalties. Subsequent to the second quarter of 2024, we recorded immaterial amounts related to stipulated penalties we determined to be probable and estimable. Any further non-compliance with the Settlement Agreements will likely subject us to further stipulated penalties and other adverse consequences. We have also been in communication with other non-U.S. regulators regarding matters related to the emission systems in our engines and may also become subject to additional regulatory review in connection with these matters. In connection with our announcement of our entry into the agreement in principle, we became subject to shareholder, consumer and third-party litigation regarding the matters covered by the Settlement Agreements, and we may become subject to additional litigation in connection with these matters. The consequences resulting from the resolution of the foregoing matters are uncertain and the related expenses and reputational damage could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. See NOTE 14, "COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES," to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Our products are subject to extensive and evolving statutory and regulatory requirements that can significantly increase our costs and, along with increased scrutiny from regulatory agencies and unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent and fragmented emission standards by multiple jurisdictions around the world, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our engines are subject to extensive and evolving statutory and regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the EPA, the EU, state regulatory agencies (such as the CARB) and other regulatory agencies around the world. Regulatory agencies are making certification and compliance with emissions and noise standards more stringent and subjecting diesel engine products to an increasing level of scrutiny. The discovery of noncompliance issues could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Developing engines and components to meet more stringent and continuously changing regulatory requirements, with different implementation timelines and emission requirements, makes developing engines efficiently for multiple markets complicated and could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in certain markets. While we have met previous deadlines, our ability to comply with existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our competitive position in the engine applications and industries we serve. The successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. In addition to these risks, the nature and timing of government implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards in our worldwide markets are unpredictable and subject to change. Any delays in implementation or enforcement could 18 Table of Contents result in a loss of our competitive advantage and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Evolving environmental and climate change legislation and regulatory initiatives may adversely impact our operations, could impact the competitive landscape within our markets and could negatively affect demand for our products. Our operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all of the countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations governing air emission, carbon content, discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. For example, in October 2023, the EPA published a final rule imposing reporting and recordkeeping requirements on manufacturers and importers of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS). While we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to existing or subsequently acquired operations, under either present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. We are also subject to laws requiring the cleanup of contaminated property. If a release of hazardous substances occurs at or from any of our current or former properties or at a landfill or another location where we have disposed of hazardous materials, we may be held liable for the contamination and the amount of such liability could be material. Concern over climate change has resulted in, and could continue to result in, new legal or regulatory requirements including those designed to reduce or mitigate carbon content or the effects of GHG emissions. We may become subject to further additional legislation, regulations or accords regarding climate change, and compliance with new rules could be difficult and costly, including increased capital expenditures. Our failure to successfully comply with any such legislation, regulation or accord could also impact our ability to compete in our markets and decrease demand for our products. We operate our business on a global basis and changes in tariffs and other trade disruptions could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position. We manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon a global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture and service our products. There is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the U.S. and various other countries with respect to tariffs and other trade disruptions (such as embargoes, sanctions and export controls). The uncertain tariff environment, marked by the U.S. imposition of tariffs on certain countries, followed by the imposition of retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods and services by certain countries has introduced significant market volatility and raised concerns about potential economic impacts. The extent to which tariffs and/or other trade disruptions will be enacted and the duration for which enacted tariffs and/or other trade disruptions will be in place remain uncertain and could adversely impact our production costs, customer demand and our relationships with customers and suppliers. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, our compliance with any such newly enacted tariffs and/or other trade disruptions is likely to require significant resources and data management systems and could increase our cost of doing business, restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies, and could result in fines and penalties or reputational harm if we are found to not be in full compliance. We operate our business on a global basis and changes in international, national and regional trade laws, regulations and policies affecting and/or restricting international trade could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position. We manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon a global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture and service our products. Changes in laws, regulations and government policies on foreign trade and investment can affect the demand for our products and services, cause non-U.S. customers to shift preferences toward domestically manufactured or branded products and impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. Our business benefits from international trade agreements, such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement and the U.S. trade relationships including those with China, Brazil, E.U. and the U.K. More restrictive trade policies, such as efforts to withdraw from or substantially modify such agreements or arrangements, including, without limitation, higher tariffs or new barriers to entry could adversely impact our production costs, customer demand and our relationships with customers and suppliers. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Embargoes, sanctions and export controls imposed by the U.S. and other governments restricting or prohibiting transactions with certain persons or entities, including financial institutions, to certain countries or regions, or involving certain products, could limit the sales of our products. Embargoes, sanctions and export control laws are changing rapidly for certain geographies, including with respect to China. In particular, changing U.S. export controls and sanctions on China, as well as other restrictions affecting transactions involving China and Chinese parties, could affect our ability to collect receivables, access cash generated in China, provide aftermarket and warranty support for our products, sell products and otherwise impact our reputation and business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 19 Table of Contents Deregulation could impair our investments in future products and negatively impact our long-term growth and competitiveness. Our strategy includes significant investments in the development of new products and technologies, particularly those designed to meet or exceed current and anticipated regulatory requirements related to emissions, safety and environmental performance. Any significant reduction, delay, or elimination of, or failure to adopt or enforce, such regulatory requirements in key markets could reduce or delay demand for our products and services, increase our costs of producing or delay the introduction of new or modified products and services or restrict our existing activities, products, and services. In addition, any discontinuation or reduction of incentives or benefits for the development of technologies limiting the impact of climate change, or significant uncertainty regarding such efforts, may cause demand for certain of our future products to be less than we anticipate. Any such change in regulatory requirements or incentives may ultimately weaken or render obsolete the business case for certain research and development initiatives or capital investments. As a result, we may be required to reassess, scale back or discontinue investments in future products that were originally intended to address more stringent regulatory standards, and may fail to realize the intended benefits of, or recover the investments we have already made in, developing new products and technologies. In addition, the adoption of new regulations or industry standards which our products and services are not positioned to address, could adversely affect demand for our products and services. Deregulation or reduction in incentives may also lead to reduced industry-wide innovation, as both we and our competitors could deprioritize or delay the introduction of advanced technologies that are no longer mandated. This could limit our ability to differentiate our products, respond to evolving customer expectations or maintain leadership in markets where regulatory requirements remain in place or are later reinstated. Furthermore, if we have already made substantial investments in anticipation of future regulations that are subsequently rolled back, we may not be able to recover those costs, which could result in asset impairments or reduced returns on investment. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our long-term growth prospects, competitive position and financial results. Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous international jurisdictions. Our income tax provision and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws or their interpretations, changes in earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. The carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the U.S., is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the U.S. We are also subject to ongoing tax audits. These audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve and can be highly judgmental. Tax authorities may disagree with certain tax reporting positions taken by us and, as a result, assess additional taxes against us. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. The amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these or subsequent tax audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our tax provision. Our global operations are subject to laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs and create reputational and legal risk. Due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to additional regulatory frameworks, including a complex system of commercial and trade regulations, around the world. In some cases, foreign regulatory frameworks are more stringent or complex than similar regimes in the U.S. Recent years have seen an increase in the development and enforcement of laws regarding trade compliance and anti-corruption, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws from other countries and expected global sustainability regulations, as well as new regulatory requirements regarding data privacy, such as the European Union General Data Protection Regulation. These new and emerging regulations are likely to require significant resources and data management systems and could increase our cost of doing business, restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies and could result in fines and penalties or reputational harm if we do not fully comply. Our numerous foreign subsidiaries, affiliates and joint venture partners are governed by laws, rules and business practices that differ from those of the U.S. The activities of these entities may not comply with U.S. laws or business practices or our Code of Business Conduct. Violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. Future bans or limitations on the use of diesel-powered vehicles or other applications could have a material adverse impact on our business over the long term. In an effort to limit GHG emissions and combat climate change, multiple countries and cities have announced that they plan to implement a ban on the use in their countries or cities of diesel-powered products in the near or distant future. These countries include 20 Table of Contents China, India and Germany. In addition, California government officials have called for the state to phase out sales of certain diesel-powered vehicles by 2035. To the extent that these types of bans are actually implemented in the future on a broad basis, or in one or more of our key markets, our diesel business over the long-term could experience material adverse impacts. BUSINESS CONDITIONS / DISRUPTIONS We are vulnerable to raw material, transportation and labor price fluctuations and supply shortages, which impacted and could continue to impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We continue to experience pockets of supply chain disruptions and related challenges throughout the supply chain which are further impacted by the current global tariff environment. We single source a number of parts and raw materials critical to our business operations. Any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may adversely affect our operations at multiple manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to avoid serious disruptions. Delays may be caused by factors affecting our suppliers (including, but not limited to, raw material availability, capacity constraints, port congestion, labor disputes or unrest, shortages of labor, economic downturns, availability of credit, impaired financial condition, sanctions/tariffs, restrictions on the sale or distribution of critical rare earth metals, energy inflation/availability, suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, weather emergencies, natural disasters, acts of government or acts of war or terrorism). The effects of climate change, including extreme weather events, long-term changes in temperature levels and water availability may exacerbate these risks. Any extended delay in receiving critical supplies could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, the current economic environment has resulted, and may continue to result, in price volatility and increased levels of inflation of many of our raw material, transportation and other costs. In particular, increased levels of inflation, fluctuating interest rates and concerns regarding a potential economic recession may result in increased operating costs and/or decreased levels of profitability. Further, the labor market for skilled manufacturing remains tight, and our labor costs have increased as a result. Material, transportation, labor and other cost inflation has impacted and could continue to impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand. Our markets are cyclical in nature and we face periods when demand fluctuates significantly higher or lower than our normal operating levels, including variability driven by supply chain inconsistency. Accurately forecasting our expected volumes and appropriately adjusting our capacity are important factors in determining our results of operations and cash flows. We manage our capacity by adjusting our manufacturing workforce, capital expenditures and purchases from suppliers. In periods of weak demand, we may face under-utilized capacity and un-recovered overhead costs, while in periods of strong demand, we may experience unplanned costs and could fail to meet customer demand. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to adequately adjust our manufacturing capacity in response to significant changes in customer demand, which could harm our business. For products where we are manufacturing at capacity, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to increase manufacturing capacity to a level that meets demand for our products and services, which could prevent us from meeting increased customer demand and could harm our business. However, if we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity, we may have significantly underutilized assets and we may experience reduced margins. If we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We derive significant earnings from investees that we do not directly control, with more than 50 percent of these earnings from our China-based investees. For 2025, we recognized $469 million of equity, royalty and interest income from investees, compared to $395 million in 2024. In 2025, nearly fifty percent of our equity, royalty and interest income from investees was from three of our 50 percent-owned joint ventures in China - Chongqing Cummins Engine Company, Ltd., Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. and Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. Although a significant percentage of our net income is derived from these unconsolidated entities, we do not unilaterally control their management or their operations, which puts a substantial portion of our net income at risk from the actions or inactions of these entities. A significant reduction in the level of contribution by these entities to our net income would likely have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Our truck manufacturers and OEM customers discontinuing outsourcing their engine supply needs, experiencing financial distress or experiencing a change-in-control of one of our large truck OEM customers, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We recognize significant sales of engines and components to a few large on-highway truck OEM customers, which have been an integral part of our positive business results for several years. Many are truck manufacturers or OEMs that manufacture engines for some of their own vehicles. Despite their own engine manufacturing abilities, these customers have historically chosen to outsource certain types of engine production to us due to the quality of our engine products, our emission compliance capabilities, our systems 21 Table of Contents integration, their customers' preferences, their desire for cost reductions, their desire for eliminating production risks and their desire to maintain company focus. However, there can be no assurance that these customers will continue to outsource, or outsource as much of, their engine production in the future. In addition, increased levels of OEM vertical integration could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our customers' business strategies, acquisition by a customer of another engine manufacturer, the inability of third-party suppliers to meet product specifications and the emergence of low-cost production opportunities in foreign countries. Any significant reduction in the level of engine production outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or OEM customers, financial distress of one of our large truck OEM customers due to a change-in-control, could likely lead to significant reductions in our sales volumes, commercial disputes, receivable collection issues and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. PRODUCTS AND TECHNOLOGY Our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. Our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. Product recalls subject us to reputational risk, loss of current and future customers, reduced revenue and product recall costs. Product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to recall a product through a formal campaign to solicit the return of specific products due to known or suspected performance or safety issues. Any significant product recalls could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. See NOTE 13, "PRODUCT WARRANTY LIABILITY" to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Our products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs. Our businesses establish prices with our customers in accordance with contractual time frames; however, the timing of material and commodity market price increases may prevent us from passing these additional costs on to our customers through timely pricing actions. While we customarily enter into financial transactions and contractual pricing adjustment provisions with our customers that attempt to address some of these risks, there can be no assurance that commodity price fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. While the use of commodity price hedging instruments and contractual pricing adjustments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in commodity prices, by utilizing these instruments, we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in price. As a result, higher material and commodity costs could result in declining margins. The development of new technologies may materially reduce the demand for our current products and services, and we may not be successful in developing new technologies and products in order to effectively address the energy transition. We are investing in new products and technologies, including electrified power systems and related components and subsystems. Given the early stages of development of some of these new products and technologies, there can be no guarantee of the future market acceptance and investment returns with respect to our planned products, which will face competition from an array of other technologies and manufacturers. The ongoing energy transition away from fossil fuels and the increased adoption of electrified powertrains in some market segments could result in lower demand for current diesel or natural gas engines and components and, over time, reduce the demand for related parts and service revenues from diesel or natural gas powertrains. Furthermore, it is possible that we may not be successful in developing segment-leading electrified powertrains. We may face technological challenges and evolving government and customer requirements, and we may not succeed in anticipating them and developing the desired technologies and products on a timely basis. Some of our existing customers could choose to develop their own or source from other manufacturers. Additionally, competitors may develop these technologies and products before we do, and they may be viewed by our customers to be superior to technologies and products we may develop. If the energy transition landscape changes faster than anticipated or in a manner that we do not anticipate, demand for our products and services, as well as our relationships with various stakeholders, could be adversely affected. Alternatively, if the energy transition occurs more slowly than anticipated, demand for our new products and technologies may be lower than expected or we may need to reassess, scale back or discontinue investments in future products, and as a result, we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of our investments in new products and technologies. Furthermore, if we fail or are perceived to not effectively implement an energy transition strategy, or if investors or financial institutions shift funding away from companies in fossil fuel-related industries, our access to capital or the market for our securities could be negatively impacted. Any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of our new or existing products or services could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Although we conduct market research before launching new or refreshed engines and introducing new services, many factors both within and outside our control affect the success of new or existing products and services in the marketplace. Offering engines and 22 Table of Contents services that customers desire and value can mitigate the risks of increasing competition and declining demand, but products and services that are perceived to be less than desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, overall value, fuel efficiency or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks. With increased consumer interconnectedness through the internet, social media and other media, mere allegations relating to poor quality, safety, fuel efficiency, corporate responsibility or other key attributes can negatively impact our reputation or market acceptance of our products or services, even if such allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded. Our business is exposed to potential product liability claims. We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that our products' failure to perform to specification results, or is alleged to result, in property damage, bodily injury and/or death. At any given time, we are subject to various and multiple product liability claims, any one of which, if decided adversely to us, may have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operation in the period in which our liability with respect to any such claim is recognized. While we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against product liability claims. In addition, product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. Furthermore, even if we are successful in defending against a claim relating to our products, claims of this nature could cause our customers to lose confidence in our products and us. GENERAL We may be adversely impacted by the effects of climate change and may incur increased costs and experience other impacts due to new or more stringent climate change regulations, accords, mitigation efforts, GHG regulations or other legislation designed to address climate change. The scientific consensus indicates that emissions of GHG continue to alter the composition of Earth’s atmosphere in ways that are affecting, and are expected to continue to affect, the global climate. The potential impacts of climate change on our customers, product offerings, operations, facilities and suppliers are accelerating and uncertain, as they will be particular to local and customer-specific circumstances. These potential impacts may include, among other items, physical long-term changes in freshwater availability and the frequency and severity of weather events as well as customer product changes either through preference or regulation. Concerns regarding climate change may lead to additional international, national, regional and local legislative and regulatory responses, accords and mitigation efforts. Various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, are continuing to look for ways to reduce GHG emissions, and consumers are increasingly demanding products and services resulting in lower GHG emissions. We could face risks to our brand reputation, investor confidence and market share due to an inability to innovate and develop new products that decrease GHG emissions. Increased input costs, such as fuel, utility, transportation and compliance-related costs, could increase our operating costs and negatively impact customer operations and demand for our products. As the impact of any additional future climate related legislative or regulatory requirements on our global businesses and products is dependent on the timing, scope and design of the mandates or standards, we are currently unable to predict its potential impact, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Climate change may exacerbate the frequency and intensity of natural disasters and adverse weather conditions, which may cause disruptions to our operations, including disrupting manufacturing, distribution and our supply chain. Our plan to reposition our portfolio of product offerings through exploration of strategic acquisitions, divestitures or exiting the production of certain product lines or product categories may expose us to additional costs and risks. Part of our strategic plan is to improve our revenue growth, gross margins and earnings by exploring the repositioning of our portfolio of product line offerings through the pursuit of potential strategic acquisitions, divestitures and/or exiting the production of certain product lines or product categories to provide future strategic, financial and operational benefits and improve shareholder value. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates or consummate these transactions on favorable terms. The successful identification and completion of any strategic transaction depends on a number of factors that are not entirely within our control, including the availability of suitable candidates and our ability to negotiate terms acceptable to all parties involved, conclude satisfactory agreements and obtain all necessary regulatory approvals. Accordingly, we may not be able to successfully negotiate and complete specific transactions. The exploration, negotiation and consummation of strategic transactions may involve significant expenditures by us, which may adversely affect our results of operations at the time such expenses are incurred, and may divert management’s attention from our existing business. Strategic transactions also may have adverse effects on our existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. If required, the financing for strategic acquisitions could result in an increase in our indebtedness, dilute the interests of our shareholders or both. Any acquisition may not be accretive to us for a significant period of time following the completion of such acquisition. Also, our ability to effectively integrate any potential acquisition into our existing business and culture may not be successful, which could jeopardize future financial and operational performance for the combined businesses. In addition, if an 23 Table of Contents acquisition results in any additional goodwill or increase in other intangible assets on our balance sheet and subsequently becomes impaired, we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Similarly, any strategic divestiture of a product line or business or exit of a product line or product category may reduce our revenue and earnings, reduce the diversity of our business, result in material costs and expenses and cause disruption to our employees, customers, vendors and communities in which we operate. Our business and operations are subject to interest rate risks, and changes in interest rates can reduce demand for our products and increase borrowing costs and result in non-cash charges Rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity and/or the financial condition of our customers, either or both of which could negatively affect customer demand for our products and our customers’ ability to repay obligations to us. Rising interest rates may increase our cost of capital, which could have material adverse effects on our financial condition and cash flows. Rising interest rates could also impact certain goodwill assets requiring non-cash impairment charges, which could have a material adverse impact on our earnings. We operate in challenging markets for talent and may fail to attract, develop and retain key personnel. We depend on the skills, institutional knowledge, working relationships, and continued services and contributions of key personnel, including our leadership team and others at all levels of the company, as a critical part of our human capital resources. In addition, our ability to achieve our operating and strategic goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain qualified individuals. We compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel in a highly competitive labor market, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract other talented personnel. Any such loss or failure could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our IT environment and our products are exposed to potential security breaches or other disruptions, which may adversely impact our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our IT environment and data security infrastructure in connection with various aspects of our business activities. We also rely on our ability to expand and continually update these technologies and related infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. As we implement new technologies, they may not perform as expected. We face the challenge of supporting our older technologies and implementing necessary upgrades. In addition, some of these technologies are managed by third-party service providers and are not under our direct control. If we experience a problem with an important technology, including during upgrades and/or new implementations of technologies, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. As customers adopt and rely on cloud-based digital technologies and services we offer, any disruption of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of those services could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. The data handled by our technologies is vulnerable to security threats. Our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees and other sensitive matters. As such, our IT environment faces information technology security threats, such as security breaches, computer malware, ransomware attacks and other "cyber attacks," which are increasing in both frequency and sophistication, along with power outages or hardware failures. Increasing use of AI may increase these risks. These threats could result in unauthorized public disclosures of information, create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions, disrupt our ability to conduct our business, result in the loss of intellectual property or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers and other stakeholders. As the result of changing market conditions, a large percentage of our salaried employees continue to work remotely full or part-time. This remote working environment may pose a heightened risk for security breaches or other disruptions of our IT environment. In addition, our products, including our engines, contain interconnected and increasingly complex technologies that control various processes, and these technologies are potentially subject to "cyber attacks" and disruption. The impact of a significant IT event on either our IT environment or our products could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We are using AI in our business and in our products, services and features, and challenges with properly managing its use could result in reputational harm, competitive harm and legal liability, and adversely affect our results of operations. We are incorporating AI solutions into our business, products, services and features, and we are leveraging AI, including generative AI, machine learning and similar tools and technologies, in our product development, operations and software programming. There is inherent risk and uncertainty involved in using AI. The use of AI in the development of our products and services could cause loss or theft of intellectual property, as well as subject us to risks related to intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, data privacy and cybersecurity. The use of AI by us, our vendors or our suppliers can lead to unintended consequences, including 24 Table of Contents generating content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, or that results in unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes, which could harm our stakeholders, our reputation and our business and expose us to risks related to inaccuracies or errors in the output of such technologies. If the AI tools that we use are deficient, inaccurate or controversial, we could incur operational inefficiencies, competitive harm, legal liability, brand or reputational harm, or other adverse impacts on our business and financial results. If we do not have sufficient rights to use the data or other material or content on which the AI tools we use rely, we also may incur liability through the violation of applicable laws and regulations, third-party intellectual property, data privacy, or other rights or contracts to which we are a party. In addition, our personnel could, unbeknownst to us, improperly utilize AI and machine learning-technology while carrying out their responsibilities. If we fail to keep pace with rapidly evolving technological developments in AI, our competitive position and business results may suffer. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI into their products or operational processes more quickly or more successfully than us, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation and results of operations. In addition, there are significant risks involved in developing and deploying AI, and there can be no assurance that the usage of AI will enhance our products or services or be beneficial to our business, including our efficiency or profitability. The rapid evolution of AI, including the regulation of AI by government or other regulatory agencies, will require significant resources to develop, test and maintain our platforms, offerings, services and features to implement AI ethically and minimize any unintended harmful impacts. We are exposed to political, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business. Greater political, economic and social uncertainty, among, between and within countries, and the evolving globalization of businesses could significantly change the dynamics of our competition, custom
[...TRUNCATED...]