TICKER=CMS|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CMS_2026-02-10.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors CMS Energy and Consumers are exposed to a variety of factors, often beyond their control, that are difficult to predict and that involve uncertainties that may materially adversely affect CMS Energy’s or Consumers’ business, liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known or that management believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect CMS Energy or Consumers. The risk factors described in the following sections, as well as the other information included in this report and in other documents filed with the SEC, should be considered carefully before making an investment in securities of CMS Energy or Consumers. Risk factors of Consumers are also risk factors of CMS Energy. Investment/Financial Risks CMS Energy depends on dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its debt service obligations. Due to its holding company structure, CMS Energy depends on dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its debt service and other payment obligations. If sufficient dividends were not paid to CMS Energy by its subsidiaries, CMS Energy might not be able to generate the funds necessary to fulfill its payment obligations. Consumers’ ability to pay dividends or acquire its own stock from CMS Energy is limited by restrictions contained in Consumers’ preferred stock provisions and potentially by other legal restrictions, such as certain terms in its articles of incorporation and FERC requirements. 39 Table of Contents CMS Energy has indebtedness that could limit its financial flexibility and its ability to meet its debt service obligations. The level of CMS Energy’s present and future indebtedness could have several important effects on its future operations, including, among others, that: • a significant portion of CMS Energy’s cash flow from operations could be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on its indebtedness and would not be available for other purposes • covenants contained in CMS Energy’s existing debt arrangements, which require it to meet certain financial tests, could affect its flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in its business • CMS Energy’s ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and general corporate and other purposes could become limited • CMS Energy could be placed at a competitive disadvantage to its competitors that are less leveraged • CMS Energy’s vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions could increase • CMS Energy’s future credit ratings could fluctuate CMS Energy’s ability to meet its debt service obligations and to reduce its total indebtedness will depend on its future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles, changes in laws or regulatory decisions, and financial, business, and other factors affecting its operations, many of which are beyond its control. CMS Energy cannot make assurances that its businesses will continue to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service its indebtedness, which could require CMS Energy to sell assets or obtain additional financing. CMS Energy and Consumers have financing needs and could be unable to obtain bank financing or access the capital markets. CMS Energy and Consumers rely on the capital markets, as well as on bank syndications, to meet their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs not otherwise funded internally. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets, or the inability to obtain required regulatory authorization for issuances of securities including debt, including as may be required from FERC, could adversely affect CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ access to liquidity needed for their businesses. Any liquidity disruption could require CMS Energy and Consumers to take measures to conserve cash including, but not limited to, deferring capital expenditures, changing commodity purchasing strategies to avoid collateral-posting requirements, and reducing or eliminating future share repurchases, dividend payments, or other discretionary uses of cash. Entering into new financings is subject in part to capital market receptivity to utility industry securities in general and to CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ securities in particular. CMS Energy and Consumers continue to explore financing opportunities to supplement their respective financial strategies. These potential opportunities include refinancing and/or issuing new debt, issuing CMS Energy preferred stock and/or common equity, or entering into commercial paper, bank financing, and leasing arrangements. CMS Energy and Consumers cannot guarantee the capital markets’ acceptance of their securities. CMS Energy and Consumers may also, from time to time, repurchase (either in open market transactions or through privately negotiated transactions), redeem, or otherwise retire outstanding debt. Such activities, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, contractual restrictions, and other factors. The amounts involved may or may not be material. 40 Table of Contents Certain of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ securities and those of their affiliates are rated by various credit rating agencies. A reduction or withdrawal of one or more of its credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on CMS Energy’s or Consumers’ ability to access capital on acceptable terms and maintain commodity lines of credit, could increase their cost of borrowing, and could cause CMS Energy or Consumers to reduce capital expenditures. If either or both were unable to maintain commodity lines of credit, CMS Energy or Consumers might have to post collateral or make prepayments to certain suppliers under existing contracts. Further, since Consumers provides dividends to CMS Energy, any adverse developments affecting Consumers that result in a lowering of its credit ratings could have an adverse effect on CMS Energy’s credit ratings. Market performance and other changes could decrease the value of employee benefit plan assets, which then could require substantial funding. The performance of various markets affects the value of assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations under CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ pension and postretirement benefit plans. CMS Energy and Consumers have significant obligations under these plans and hold significant assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which could fall below CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ forecasted return rates. A decline in the market value of the assets or a change in the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels could significantly increase the funding requirements of these obligations. Also, changes in demographics, including an increased number of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, could significantly increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and postretirement benefit plans. Industry/Regulatory Risks Changes to ROA could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses. Michigan law allows electric customers in Consumers’ service territory to buy electric generation service from alternative electric suppliers in an aggregate amount capped at 10 percent of Consumers’ sales, with certain exceptions. The proportion of Consumers’ electric deliveries under the ROA program and on the ROA waiting list is over 10 percent. Consumers’ rates are regulated by the MPSC, while alternative electric suppliers charge market-based rates, putting competitive pressure on Consumers’ electric supply. Groups are advocating for an ROA-like community solar program that allows third parties to sell directly to customers and offer them a regulated bill credit. If the amount of ROA sales increased, this new ROA‑like community solar program were allowed, or electric generation service in Michigan were further deregulated, it could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy and Consumers. FERC issued an advance notice of proposed rulemaking in response to the Secretary of the DOE’s direction to FERC to consider the advance notice of proposed rulemaking as a means to standardize and expedite interconnection procedures and agreements for large electric loads. If FERC asserts jurisdiction over the distribution components of large-load customers’ interconnections to the transmission system, or allows large-load customers to directly purchase electricity from wholesale markets, it could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy and Consumers. The creation of utilities by municipalities in Consumers’ service territory, or the impairment of Consumers’ franchise rights to serve customers in municipalities, could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses. Michigan law allows Consumers’ electric and natural gas utility businesses to serve customers pursuant to franchises granted by municipalities. Michigan law also allows municipalities to create, own, and operate 41 Table of Contents utilities. If one or more municipalities in Consumers’ service territory created a new or supplemental utility, or impaired the franchise under which Consumers serves customers in the municipality, it could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy and Consumers. Distributed energy resources could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses. Michigan law allows customers to use distributed energy resources for their electric energy needs. These distributed energy resources are connected to Consumers’ electric grid. The 2023 Energy Law increases the cap on Consumers’ distributed generation program to 10 percent of utilities’ peak loads. It also specifies an inflow and outflow rate method that must be implemented by the MPSC. FERC policy allows many customer-owned behind-the-meter and grid-connected distributed energy resources to participate in and receive revenue from wholesale electricity markets, as governed by evolving wholesale market rules subject to FERC oversight. Increased customer use of distributed energy resources could result in a reduction of Consumers’ electric sales. Third parties’ operations of distributed energy resources could also potentially have a negative impact on the stability of the grid. An increase in customers’ use of distributed energy resources, and the rate structure for distributed energy resources customers’ use of Consumers’ system and Consumers’ purchases of their excess generation, could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy and Consumers. CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to rate regulation, which could have a material adverse effect on financial results. CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to rate regulation. Consumers’ electric and gas retail rates are set by the MPSC and cannot be changed without regulatory authorization. If rate regulators fail to provide adequate rate relief, it could have a material adverse effect on Consumers or Consumers’ plans for making significant capital investments. Additionally, increasing rates could result in additional regulatory scrutiny, regulatory or legislative actions, and increased competitive or political pressures, all of which could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Orders of the MPSC could limit recovery of costs of providing service. These orders could also result in adverse regulatory treatment of other matters. For example, MPSC orders could prevent or curtail Consumers from shutting off non‑paying customers, could prevent or limit the implementation of an electric or gas revenue mechanism, or could penalize Consumers for not meeting service and reliability standards. Regulators could face competitive or political pressures to avoid or limit rate increases for a number of reasons, including affordability concerns, economic downturn, reliability and economic justice concerns, or decreased customer base, among others. FERC authorizes certain subsidiaries of CMS Energy, including Consumers, to sell wholesale electricity at market-based rates and to provide certain other wholesale electric services at rates and terms subject to FERC approval. Failure of these subsidiaries to maintain this FERC authority could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Electric transmission and natural gas pipeline rates paid by Consumers and other CMS Energy subsidiaries are also set by FERC, as are the tariff terms governing the participation of Consumers and other CMS Energy subsidiaries in FERC-regulated wholesale electricity markets operated by regional transmission organizations and independent system operators such as MISO and PJM. At least one CMS Energy subsidiary participates in the wholesale electricity markets operated by ERCOT, over which FERC has limited control. Consumers also faces regulatory uncertainty resulting from the U.S. Secretary of Energy’s emergency orders issued under the Federal Power Act and associated DOE regulations, which direct continued 42 Table of Contents operation of the J.H. Campbell, as well as similar prior or future executive actions, including the January 2025 and April 2025 executive orders related to energy supply and reliability. The Federal Power Act, DOE regulations, and U.S. Secretary of Energy emergency orders all provide for cost recovery associated with continued operations, but there is not currently a FERC-approved MISO Tariff for recovery of compliance costs associated with the continued operation of J.H. Campbell, and continued operation of J.H. Campbell is not contemplated in Consumers’ current MPSC rates or rate filings at the MPSC. Consumers is pursuing cost recovery at FERC but cannot predict the outcome of those efforts or the impact of other executive actions. The various risks associated with the MPSC and FERC regulation of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses, which include the risk of adverse decisions in any number of rate or regulatory proceedings before either agency, as well as judicial proceedings challenging any agency decisions, could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy and Consumers. Changes to the tariffs or business practice manuals of certain wholesale market operators such as MISO, PJM, or ERCOT, or corresponding impacts such as interconnection delays for new electric generation or storage projects, could also have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy and Consumers. Utility regulation, state or federal legislation, regulation, and compliance could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses. CMS Energy and certain of its subsidiaries, including Consumers, are subject to, or affected by, extensive utility regulation and state and federal legislation and regulation, including through application of policies and rules of numerous state and federal agencies and governmental entities. If it were determined that CMS Energy or Consumers failed to comply with applicable laws and regulations or with applicable tariff provisions, they could become subject to fines, penalties, refund or disgorgement orders, or disallowed costs, or be required to implement additional compliance, cleanup, or remediation programs, the cost of which could be material. CMS Energy and Consumers cannot predict the impact of new laws, rules, regulations, tariffs, principles, orders, or practices by federal or state agencies or wholesale electricity market operators, or challenges or changes to present laws, rules, regulations, tariffs, principles, orders, or practices and the interpretation of any adoption or change. Furthermore, any state or federal legislation, regulation, order, or other action concerning CMS Energy’s or Consumers’ operations could also have a material adverse effect. FERC, through NERC and its delegated regional entities, oversees reliability of certain portions of the electric grid. CMS Energy and Consumers cannot predict the impact of the DOE or FERC orders or actions of NERC and its regional entities on electric system reliability. Additionally, natural gas pipeline infrastructure has recently been under scrutiny following disruptions related to extreme weather and cyber incidents. Additional regulation in this area could adversely affect Consumers’ gas operations. CMS Energy and Consumers have announced ambitious plans to reduce their impact on climate change and increase the reliability of their electric distribution system. Achieving these plans depends on numerous factors, many of which are outside of their control. Consumers has announced a long-term strategy for delivering clean, reliable, resilient, and affordable energy, and other subsidiaries of CMS Energy have plans to develop and operate clean energy assets. The MPSC, FERC, other regulatory authorities, or other third parties may prohibit, delay, or impair some or all of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ planned acquisitions or development of owned or purchased electric generation and storage capacity. Consumers’ planned electric generation capacity, including renewable generation or storage projects, may be adversely impacted by interconnection delays at MISO or in the footprints of other regional transmission organizations, and/or by interconnection costs. CMS Energy and Consumers and its contractors may be unable to acquire, site, construct timely, and/or permit generation and storage capacity, including some or all of the generation and storage capacity 43 Table of Contents proposed in Consumers’ plan. CMS Energy and Consumers’ ability to implement their plans may be affected by environmental regulations, global supply chain disruptions, import tariffs, and changes in the cost, availability, and supply of generation and storage capacity. While CMS Energy and Consumers continue to advocate for advances in commercially available technologies required to reduce or eliminate greenhouse gases on a cost-effective basis at scale, such advances are largely outside of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ control. Advancements in technology related to items such as battery storage, carbon capture/storage, and electric vehicles may not become commercially available or economically feasible as projected. Customer programs such as energy efficiency and demand response may not realize the projected levels of customer participation. Consumers has also announced its electric Reliability Roadmap. The Reliability Roadmap includes larger investments in grid hardening, distribution capacity, and automation to deliver better than median reliability to customers given increasingly severe weather and customer adoption of new technologies. The MPSC or other third parties may prohibit, delay, or impair the Reliability Roadmap and some or all of the associated capital investments. Consumers’ ability to implement its plan may be affected by global supply chain disruptions and/or workforce availability. Consumers has also announced its Natural Gas Delivery Plan, a rolling ten‑year investment plan to deliver safe, reliable, clean, and affordable natural gas to customers. This plan includes accelerated infrastructure replacements, innovative leak detection technology, and process changes to reduce or eliminate methane emissions. The MPSC, FERC, U.S. Department of Transportation, other regulatory authorities, or other third parties may prohibit, delay, or impair the Natural Gas Delivery Plan and some or all of the associated capital investments. Consumers’ ability to implement its plan may be affected by environmental regulations, global supply chain disruptions, import tariffs, and changes in the cost, availability, and supply of natural gas or the ability to deliver natural gas to customers. Advancements in technology related to items such as renewable natural gas may not become commercially available or economically feasible as projected in Consumers’ plan. CMS Energy and Consumers could suffer financial loss, reputational damage, litigation, or other negative repercussions if they are unable to achieve their ambitious plans. Changes in taxation as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact CMS Energy and Consumers. CMS Energy and Consumers are required to make judgments regarding the potential tax effects of various financial transactions and results of operations in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. The tax obligations include income taxes, real estate taxes, sales and use taxes, employment-related taxes, and ongoing issues related to these tax matters. The judgments include determining reserves for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken and may be subject to challenge by the IRS and/or other taxing authorities. Unfavorable settlements of any of the issues related to these reserves or other tax matters at CMS Energy or Consumers could have a material adverse effect. Additionally, changes in federal, state, or local tax rates or other changes in tax laws could have adverse impacts. In July 2025, President Trump signed the OBBBA into law. CMS Energy and Consumers evaluated the provisions of the OBBBA and concluded that the legislation is not expected to have a material impact on their respective financial statements. This conclusion is subject to change as additional guidance or interpretations become available. 44 Table of Contents CMS Energy and its subsidiaries, including Consumers, must comply with the Dodd-Frank Act and its related regulations. The Dodd-Frank Act provides for regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission of certain commodity-related contracts. Although CMS Energy, Consumers, and certain subsidiaries of NorthStar Clean Energy qualify for an end-user exception from mandatory clearing of commodity-related swaps, these regulations could affect the ability of these entities to participate in these markets and could add additional regulatory oversight over their contracting activities. CMS Energy and Consumers could incur substantial costs to comply with environmental requirements. CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to costly and stringent environmental regulations that may require additional significant capital expenditures for CCR disposal and storage, emission reductions, and PCB remediation. In addition, regulatory action on PFAS at the state and/or federal level could cause CMS Energy and Consumers to further test and remediate some sites if PFAS is present at certain levels. Present and reasonably anticipated state and federal environmental statutes and regulations will continue to have a material effect on CMS Energy and Consumers. CMS Energy and Consumers have interests in fossil-fuel-fired power plants, other types of power plants, and natural gas systems that emit greenhouse gases. Federal, state, and local environmental laws, regulations and orders, as well as international accords and treaties, could require CMS Energy and Consumers to install additional equipment for emission controls, undertake heat-rate improvement projects, purchase carbon emissions allowances, curtail or extend operations, invest in generating capacity with fewer carbon dioxide emissions, or take other significant steps to manage or lower the emission of greenhouse gases. Similarly, Consumers could be restricted from constructing natural gas infrastructure due to potential environmental regulations, which could require more costly alternatives. The following risks related to climate change, emissions, and environmental regulations could also have a material adverse impact on CMS Energy and Consumers: • a change in policy/regulation, regulators’ implementation of policy/regulation or litigation originated by third parties against CMS Energy or Consumers due to CMS Energy’s or Consumers’ greenhouse gas or other emissions or CCR disposal and storage • impairment of CMS Energy’s or Consumers’ reputation due to their greenhouse gas or other emissions and public perception of their response to potential environmental regulations, rules, orders, and legislation • weather that may affect customer demand, company operations, or company infrastructure, including catastrophic weather-related damage and extreme temperatures; natural disasters such as severe storms, floods, and droughts; fires; or smoke • implementation of state or federal environmental justice requirements Consumers expects to collect fully from its customers, through the ratemaking process, expenditures incurred to comply with environmental regulations, but cannot guarantee this outcome. There is not currently a FERC-approved MISO Tariff for recovery of compliance costs associated with the continued operation of J.H. Campbell, and continued operation of J.H. Campbell is not contemplated in Consumers’ current MPSC rates or rate filings at the MPSC. Consumers is pursuing cost recovery at FERC but cannot predict the outcome of those efforts or the impact of other executive actions. If Consumers were unable to recover these expenditures from customers in rates, CMS Energy or Consumers could be required to seek significant additional financing to fund these expenditures. 45 Table of Contents For additional information regarding compliance with environmental regulations, see Item 1. Business—CMS Energy and Consumers Environmental Strategy and Compliance and Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Outlook. CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses could be affected adversely by any delay in meeting environmental requirements. A delay or failure by CMS Energy or Consumers to obtain or maintain any necessary environmental permits or approvals to satisfy any applicable environmental regulatory requirements or install emission or pollution control equipment could: • prevent the construction of new facilities • prevent the continued operation of and sale of energy from existing facilities • modify the way in which a facility is operated • prevent the suspension of operations at existing facilities • prevent the modification of existing facilities • result in significant additional costs, including fines or penalties CMS Energy and Consumers expect to incur additional substantial costs related to environmental remediation of former sites. Consumers expects to incur additional substantial costs related to the remediation of its former MGP sites and other response activity costs at a number of other former sites, including, but not limited to, sites of retired coal-fueled electric generating units and sites containing coal ash and related materials, under NREPA, RCRA, CERCLA and related state and federal regulations. Consumers believes these costs should be recoverable in rates but cannot guarantee that outcome. Business/Operations Risks There are risks associated with Consumers’ substantial capital investment program planned for the next five years. Consumers’ planned investments include the construction or acquisition of electric generation, electric and gas infrastructure, conversions and expansions, environmental controls, electric grid automation technologies, and other electric and gas investments to upgrade delivery systems, as well as decommissioning of older facilities. The success of these capital investments depends on or could be affected by a variety of factors that include, but are not limited to: • effective pre-acquisition evaluation of asset values, future operating costs, potential environmental and other liabilities, and other factors beyond Consumers’ control • effective cost and schedule management of new capital projects • availability of qualified construction personnel, both internal and contracted • effective and timely contractor performance • changes in commodity and other prices, applicable tariffs, and/or material and equipment availability • governmental actions • interconnection uncertainty, delays, and costs for electric generation projects 46 Table of Contents • operational performance • changes in environmental, legislative, and regulatory requirements • regulatory cost recovery • inflation of labor rates and material and equipment prices • supply chain disruptions and increased lead times • barriers to accessing key materials for renewable projects (solar, battery, and other key equipment) created by geopolitical relations It is possible that adverse events associated with these factors could have a material adverse effect on Consumers. CMS Energy and Consumers could be affected adversely by legacy litigation and retained liabilities. The agreements that CMS Energy and Consumers enter into for the sale of assets can include provisions whereby they are required to: • retain specified preexisting liabilities, such as for taxes, pensions, or environmental conditions • indemnify the buyers against specified risks, including the inaccuracy of representations and warranties that CMS Energy and Consumers make • make payments to the buyers depending on the outcome of post-closing adjustments, litigation, audits, or other reviews, including claims resulting from attempts by foreign or domestic governments to assess taxes on past operations or transactions Many of these contingent liabilities can remain open for extended periods of time after the sales are closed. Depending on the extent to which the buyers might ultimately seek to enforce their rights under these contractual provisions, and the resolution of any disputes concerning them, there could be a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s or Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Consumers is exposed to risks related to general economic conditions in its service territories. Consumers’ electric and gas utility businesses are affected by the economic conditions impacting the customers they serve. If the Michigan economy becomes sluggish or declines, Consumers could experience reduced demand for electricity or natural gas that could result in decreased earnings and cash flow. In addition, economic conditions in Consumers’ service territory affect its collections of accounts receivable and levels of lost or stolen gas. Consumers is exposed to changes in customer usage that could impact financial results. Technology advances, government incentives and subsidies, and regulatory decisions could increase the cost effectiveness of customer-owned methods of producing electricity and managing energy use resulting in reduced load, cross subsidization, and increased costs. Customers could also reduce their consumption of electricity and natural gas through energy waste reduction programs. Similarly, customers could also reduce their consumption of natural gas through alternative technologies or fuels or through electrification. CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ energy sales and operations are affected by seasonal factors and varying weather conditions from year to year. CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ utility operations are seasonal. The consumption of electric energy typically increases in the summer months, due primarily to the use of air conditioners and other cooling equipment, while peak demand for natural gas occurs in the winter due to colder temperatures and the 47 Table of Contents resulting use of natural gas as heating fuel. Accordingly, CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ overall results may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. Mild temperatures during the summer cooling season and winter heating season as well as the impact of extreme weather events on Consumers’ system could have a material adverse effect. Demand for electricity associated with data center expansion could have a material effect on CMS Energy and Consumers. Consumers’ utility operations are affected by new customers and load growth. Rapid expansion of data centers associated with increasing demand for cloud services, artificial intelligence, and other applications could lead to an unprecedented increase in demand for electric power in MISO and in Consumers’ service territory. Data center electric demand could require a rapid and significant increase in generation capacity and grid infrastructure in the MISO footprint as well as in Consumers’ service territory, which could have a material effect on CMS Energy and Consumers. Alternatively, this rapid expansion of data centers and resulting increase in demand for electric power in MISO and in Consumers’ service territory may not develop as anticipated. Efforts to attract data center developers could be unsuccessful as other utilities and regions compete for these projects, which may limit future load growth. In addition, local zoning, permitting, land‑use constraints, and other external factors outside Consumers’ control could impede data center development. If these challenges arise and cannot be effectively mitigated, the anticipated benefits of data center load growth may not materialize. Further, even when data center customers enter into contracts to purchase utility service, there is a risk they may not fulfill their contractual or tariff obligations. CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to information security risks, risks of unauthorized access to their systems, and technology failures. In the regular course of business, CMS Energy and Consumers handle a range of sensitive confidential security and customer information. In addition, CMS Energy and Consumers operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information and control technology systems and network infrastructure. Despite implementation of security measures, technology systems, including disaster recovery and backup systems, are vulnerable to failure, cyber attacks, unauthorized access, and being disabled. These events could impact the reliability of electric generation and electric and gas delivery and also subject CMS Energy and Consumers to financial harm. Cyber attacks, which include the use of malware, ransomware, computer viruses, and other means for disruption or unauthorized access against companies, including CMS Energy and Consumers, are increasing in frequency, scope, and potential impact. While CMS Energy and Consumers have not been subject to cyber incidents that have had a material impact on their operations to date, their security measures in place may be insufficient to prevent a major cyber incident in the future. If technology systems, including disaster recovery and backup systems, were to fail or be breached, CMS Energy and Consumers might not be able to fulfill critical business functions, and sensitive confidential and proprietary data could be compromised. In addition, because CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ generation, transmission, and distribution systems are part of an interconnected system, a disruption caused by a cyber incident at another utility, electric generator, system operator, or commodity supplier could also adversely affect CMS Energy or Consumers. A variety of technological tools and systems, including both company-owned IT and technological services provided by outside parties, support critical functions. The failure of these technologies, including backup systems, or the inability of CMS Energy and Consumers to have these technologies supported, updated, expanded, or integrated into other technologies, could hinder their business operations. 48 Table of Contents CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses have liability risks. Assets, equipment, and personnel of CMS Energy and Consumers, including electric and gas delivery systems, power plants, gas infrastructure including storage facilities, wind energy or solar equipment, energy products, energy storage assets, vehicle fleets and equipment, other assets, or employees and contractors, could be involved in incidents, failures, or accidents that result in injury, loss of life, or property loss and damage to customers, employees, or the public. Although CMS Energy and Consumers have insurance coverage for many potential incidents (subject to deductibles, limitations, and self‑insurance amounts that could be material), depending upon the nature or severity of any incident, failure, or accident, CMS Energy or Consumers could suffer financial loss, reputational damage, and negative repercussions from regulatory agencies or other public authorities, even where there is no legal liability. CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to risks that are beyond their control, including but not limited to natural disasters, civil unrest, terrorist attacks and related acts of war, cyber incidents, vandalism, and other catastrophic events. Natural disasters, severe weather, extreme temperatures, wildfires, fires, smoke, flooding, wars, terrorist acts, civil unrest, vandalism, theft, cyber incidents, government shutdowns, pandemics, and other catastrophic events could result in severe damage to CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ assets beyond what could be recovered through insurance policies (which are subject to deductibles, limitations, and self‑insurance amounts that could be material), could require CMS Energy and Consumers to incur significant upfront costs, and could severely disrupt operations, resulting in loss of service to customers. There is also a risk that regulators could, after the fact, conclude that Consumers’ preparedness or response to such an event was inadequate and take adverse actions as a result. Energy risk management strategies might not be effective in managing fuel and electricity pricing risks, which could result in unanticipated liabilities to CMS Energy and Consumers or increased volatility in their earnings. CMS Energy and Consumers are exposed to changes in market prices for commodities including, but not limited to, natural gas, coal, electric capacity, electric energy, emission allowances, gasoline, diesel fuel, and RECs. CMS Energy and Consumers manage commodity price risk using established policies and procedures, and they may use various contracts to manage this risk, including swaps, options, futures, and forward contracts. No assurance can be made that these strategies will be successful in managing CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ risk or that they will not result in net liabilities to CMS Energy or Consumers as a result of future volatility. A substantial portion of Consumers’ operating expenses for its electric generating plants and vehicle fleet consists of the costs of obtaining commodities. The contracts associated with Consumers’ fuel for electric generation and purchased power are executed in conjunction with the PSCR mechanism, which is designed to allow Consumers to recover prudently incurred costs associated with its positions in these commodities. If the MPSC determined that any of these contracts or related contracting policies were imprudent, recovery of these costs could be disallowed. Natural gas prices in particular have been historically volatile. Consumers routinely enters into contracts for natural gas to mitigate exposure to the risks of demand, market effects of weather, and changes in commodity prices associated with the gas distribution business. These contracts are executed in conjunction with the GCR mechanism, which is designed to allow Consumers to recover prudently incurred costs associated with its natural gas positions. If the MPSC determined that any of these contracts or related contracting policies were imprudent, recovery of these costs could be disallowed. 49 Table of Contents CMS Energy and Consumers do not always hedge any or all of the exposure of their operations from commodity price volatility. Furthermore, the ability to hedge exposure to commodity price volatility depends on liquid commodity markets. As a result, to the extent the commodity markets are illiquid, CMS Energy and Consumers might not be able to execute their risk management strategies, which could result in larger unhedged positions than preferred at a given time. To the extent that unhedged positions exist, fluctuating commodity prices could have a negative effect on CMS Energy and Consumers. Changes in laws that limit CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ ability to hedge could also have a negative effect on CMS Energy and Consumers. CMS Energy and Consumers might not be able to obtain an adequate supply of natural gas or coal, which could limit their ability to operate electric generation facilities or serve Consumers’ natural gas customers. CMS Energy and Consumers have contracts in place for the supply and transportation of the natural gas, coal, and other fuel sources they require for their electric generating capacity. Consumers also has interstate transportation and supply agreements in place to facilitate delivery of natural gas to its customers. Apart from the contractual and monetary remedies available to CMS Energy and Consumers in the event of a counterparty’s failure to perform under any of these contracts, there can be no assurances that the counterparties to these contracts will fulfill their obligations to provide natural gas or coal to CMS Energy or Consumers. The counterparties under the agreements could experience financial or operational problems that inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations to CMS Energy or Consumers. In addition, counterparties under these contracts might not be required to supply natural gas or coal to CMS Energy or Consumers under certain circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster or severe weather. If Consumers were unable to obtain its supply requirements, it could be required to purchase natural gas or coal at higher prices, implement its natural gas curtailment program filed with the MPSC, or purchase replacement power at higher prices. Unplanned outages or maintenance could be costly for CMS Energy or Consumers. Unforeseen outages or maintenance of the electric and gas delivery systems, power plants, gas infrastructure including storage facilities and compression stations, wind energy or solar equipment, energy storage assets, and energy products owned in whole or in part by CMS Energy or Consumers may be required for many reasons. When unplanned outages occur, CMS Energy and Consumers will not only incur unexpected maintenance expenses, but may also have to make spot market purchases of electric and gas commodities that may exceed CMS Energy’s or Consumers’ expected cost of generation or gas supply, be forced to curtail services, or retire a given asset if the cost or timing of the maintenance is not reasonable and prudent. Unplanned generator outages could reduce the capacity credit CMS Energy or Consumers receives from MISO and could cause CMS Energy or Consumers to incur additional capacity costs in future years. General Risk Factors CMS Energy and Consumers are exposed to counterparty risk. Adverse economic conditions or financial difficulties experienced by counterparties with whom CMS Energy and Consumers do business could impair the ability of these counterparties to pay for CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ services and/or fulfill their contractual obligations, including performance and payment of damages. CMS Energy and Consumers depend on these counterparties to remit payments and perform contracted services in a timely and adequate fashion. In addition, any delay or default in payment or performance, including inadequate performance, of contractual obligations (such 50 Table of Contents as contractual obligations by third parties to purchase utility services, perform work, supply equipment, provide services, and meet related specifications or requirements), could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy and Consumers. Volatility and disruptions in capital and credit markets could have a negative impact on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ lenders, vendors, contractors, suppliers, customers, and other counterparties, causing them to fail to meet their obligations. CMS Energy and Consumers are exposed to significant reputational risks. CMS Energy and Consumers could suffer negative impacts to their reputations as a result of operational incidents, accidents, actual or perceived violations of corporate policies or regulatory violations, inappropriate use of social media, or other events. Reputational damage could have a material adverse effect and could result in negative customer perception and increased regulatory oversight. A work interruption or other union actions could adversely affect CMS Energy and Consumers. At December 31, 2025, unions represent 45 percent of Consumers’ employees and 22 percent of NorthStar Clean Energy’s employees. Consumers’ union agreements expire in 2030 and the majority of NorthStar Clean Energy’s represented employees have an agreement that expires in 2029. If these employees were to engage in a strike, work stoppage, or other slowdown, CMS Energy o
[...TRUNCATED...]