TICKER=CNC|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CNC_2026-02-17.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors. You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. The trading price of our common stock could decline, and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected due to any of these risks, in which case you could lose all or part of your investment. You should also refer to the other information in this filing, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we currently deem immaterial also may become important factors that affect our Company. Risks Relating to Our Business Failure to timely and effectively identify and mitigate medical cost trends and receive adequate rate adjustments to account for increased acuity could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our profitability depends to a significant degree on our ability to accurately estimate and effectively manage expenses related to health benefits through, among other things, our ability to contract favorably with hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers, as well as related administrative costs. For example, our government-sponsored health programs revenue is often based on bids submitted before the start of the initial contract year. If our actual medical expenses exceed our estimates for any reason, our health benefits ratio (HBR), or our expenses related to medical services as a percentage of premium revenues, would increase and our profits would decline. For example, late in the second quarter of 2025, data from an independent actuarial firm suggested a materially higher implied aggregate morbidity of the Marketplace membership as a whole than anticipated, resulting in a significant reduction of our expected net risk adjustment revenue for 2025. In addition, during 2025, our Medicaid membership had higher than expected medical costs, including due to unanticipated increased costs in behavioral health, home health and high-cost drugs. Because of the narrow margins of our health plan business, relatively small changes in our HBR can create significant changes in our financial results. Changes in healthcare regulations and practices, including due to the OBBBA, the level of utilization of healthcare services, including due to eligibility changes, benefit design, provider or consumer behavior changes, out-of-network utilization and pricing, medical claim submission patterns, including due to the use of artificial intelligence, hospital and pharmaceutical costs, including new high-cost specialty drugs, unexpected events, such as natural disasters, the effects of climate change, acts of war or aggression, geopolitical instability, major epidemics, pandemics and their resurgence, or newly emergent diseases, new medical technologies, increases in provider fraud, tariffs, unexpected increases in taxes and fees, including provider taxes, and other external factors, including general economic conditions such as interest rates, inflation and unemployment levels, are generally beyond our control and could reduce our ability to accurately predict and effectively control the costs of providing health benefits. Also, member and provider behavior could continue to be influenced by the uncertainty surrounding the availability, affordability, funding and access to health insurance, whether under Medicaid programs or the Affordable Care Act (ACA) or the OBBBA, including due to the expiration of the Enhanced Advance Premium Tax Credits (APTCs) and additional program integrity initiatives for Marketplace products. In addition, as a result of the expiration of the public health emergency (PHE) due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the resulting Medicaid redeterminations process, as well as changes in state benefit designs, we have continued to experience a higher HBR related to the remaining members, due to the acuity profile of this membership, as well as the gaps in eligibility for certain members who have rejoined the Medicaid plans. In particular, as part of the Medicaid rate setting process, state actuaries determine actuarial soundness of rates based on historical data. The delay in time between making claims payments and receiving rate adjustments when we experience an increased rate of change in medical expenses, whether due to the increased acuity profile of the membership or the increased utilization of health care services, such as behavioral health, home health and high-cost drugs, may cause the profitability of our Medicaid plans to be reduced. While we continue to work with our state partners to match rates to acuity to reflect more recent experience, such rate adjustments may be delayed or insufficient to offset the increased acuity. Our medical expenses include claims reported but not paid, estimates for claims incurred but not reported, and estimates for the costs necessary to process unpaid claims at the end of each period. Our development of the medical claims liability estimate is a continuous process that we monitor and refine on a monthly basis as claims receipts and payment information as well as inpatient acuity information becomes available. As more complete information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimate, and include the changes in estimates in medical expenses in the period in which the changes are identified. Given the extensive judgment and uncertainties inherent in such estimates, there can be no assurance that our medical claims liability estimate will be accurate, and any adjustments to the estimate may unfavorably impact our results of operations and financial condition and may be material. 19 Table of Contents Assumptions and estimates are utilized in establishing premium deficiency reserves, when necessary. In the instance a premium deficiency reserve is necessary, if our assumptions are inaccurate, we may be required to increase our premium deficiency reserves which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, when we commence operations in a new state or region or launch a new product, we have limited information with which to estimate our medical claims liability and continuity of care requirements, which can affect our ability to accurately predict medical claims. For a period of time after the inception of the new business, we base our estimates on government-provided historical actuarial data and limited actual incurred and received claims and inpatient acuity information. In addition, we have limited ability to manage the utilization of services until continuity of care requirements expire. For example, in 2025, we had higher utilization than we expected in several applied behavioral health services programs. The addition of new categories of eligible individuals, as well as evolving Health Insurance Marketplace plans and eligibility changes, may pose difficulty in estimating our medical claims liability. From time to time in the past, our actual results have varied from our estimates, particularly in times of significant changes in the number and acuity profile of our members. If it is determined that our estimates are significantly different than actual results, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, if there is a significant delay in our receipt of premiums, our business operations, cash flows or earnings could be negatively impacted. Any failure to adequately and timely price or anticipate demand for products offered, anticipate changes to the competitive landscape or any reduction in products offered for Medicare and in the Health Insurance Marketplace may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In the Health Insurance Marketplace, we may be adversely impacted if we have not accurately and timely predicted the health needs of our members, including individuals exiting or entering the market, causing the morbidity of the risk pool to rise without a proportionate change to risk adjustment. The premium rates we charge are typically determined in the summer prior to the next plan year, and delays in receiving data upon which the assumptions our based may impact our ability to timely adjust and receive state approval for these rates. In addition, the risk adjustment provisions of the ACA established to apportion risk amongst insurers may not be effective in appropriately mitigating the financial risks related to the Health Insurance Marketplace product, are affected by our members' acuity relative to the membership acuity of other insurers and are subject to a high degree of estimation and variability, including estimation of the ultimate level of program funding based on the financial performance of other insurers. For example, late in the second quarter of 2025, we made a significant negative adjustment to our expected net risk adjustment revenue attributable to the 2025 Marketplace plan year. Further, changes in the competitive market for both Health Insurance Marketplace and the Medicare products over time, unanticipated changes to member eligibility requirements or verification processes in the program design, including due to changes to the expiration of the Enhanced APTCs and the timing of those changes, additional program integrity initiatives that have the effect of reducing membership or causing the morbidity of the risk pool to rise, changes in consumer or provider behavior, or changes in the financial incentives of individuals, brokers and competitors to participate in such products may make pricing difficult to predict. For example, competitors may introduce pricing, broker incentives or broker distribution channels that we may not be able to match, which may adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Competitors may also choose to exit the market altogether or otherwise suffer financial difficulty, which could adversely impact the pool of potential insured, affect collectability of risk adjustment payable or require us to increase premium rates. Any significant variation from our expectations regarding acuity of our members, the Marketplace membership as a whole, enrollment levels, adverse selection, out-of-network costs or other increased costs, including due to tariffs or other assumptions utilized in setting adequate premium rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows for both our Health Insurance Marketplace and Medicare products. While we have received approvals in the vast majority of states for our 2026 refiled Marketplace rates reflecting the increased medical expenses we experienced in 2025 and adjusted our benefit design and strategy, these actions may not be sufficient to maintain or increase the profitability of these products, which may unfavorably impact our results of operations and financial condition and may be material. In addition, we may be unable to accurately predict demand for both our Health Insurance Marketplace and Medicare products, as demand depends on factors outside of our control such as the competitiveness of our bids, the broker distribution channels, additional program integrity initiatives that have the effect of reducing membership and the entry and exit of other competitors in the markets. If we experience higher demand for our products than anticipated, we may not have adequate staffing to be able to adequately meet service level requirements in our call centers, which could negatively impact our quality scores, our relationships with our members and providers, as well as our regulators. 20 Table of Contents Our Medicare programs are subject to a variety of unique risks that could adversely impact our financial results. If we fail to design and maintain programs that are attractive to Medicare participants; if our Medicare operations are subject to negative outcomes from program audits, sanctions, penalties or other actions; if we do not submit adequate bids in our existing markets or any expansion markets; if our existing contracts are modified or terminated; or if we fail to maintain or improve our quality Star ratings, our current Medicare business and our ability to expand our Medicare operations could be materially and adversely affected, negatively impacting our results of operations and financial performance. As of December 2025, approximately 60% of our Medicare Advantage membership was associated with contracts rated 3.5 stars or better. While we continue to focus on Star rating improvement, we may not be able to improve or maintain our Star ratings. Additionally, although we expect to have a higher percentage of D-SNP members than most of our competitors, we may be unsuccessful in advocating for adjustments in the Star score rating system or other risk adjustment criteria to reflect the socio-economic barriers to health for this population. Star ratings are subject to change annually by CMS, and despite our operational efforts to improve our Star ratings, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in maintaining or improving our Star ratings in future years, which could negatively impact our quality bonus and rebates. In addition, our Medicare Advantage and PDP contracts may be terminated by CMS if our Medicare Advantage contracts receive Star ratings of below 3.0 stars for three consecutive years. For example, two of our Medicare Advantage contracts received notice of termination for plan year 2025. The attractiveness of our Medicare Advantage plans may be reduced if we are unable to maintain or improve these ratings, if there are changes to the ratings system that make achieving and maintaining ratings of 3.0 stars or higher more difficult, or if our performance does not improve compared to our competitors. CMS establishes annually different pricing components of the Medicare Advantage program that may not adequately reflect changes in the underlying health care costs, and which may reduce the profitability or desirability of various Medicare Advantage plans. For calendar year 2026, CMS again applied a negative rate adjustment for risk model revisions and fee for service normalization. On January 26, 2026, CMS released its draft 2027 Medicare rate announcement. We believe these rates are insufficient to reflect the increases in continuing medical cost trend. In addition, CMS' risk model may not account for the full severity of several chronic conditions, which could also disproportionately affect the dual-eligible population which is more medically complex and faces additional socio-economic barriers to health compared to others. As a result of these changes and potential future changes to Medicare Advantage pricing components, we may not be able to design products that will be profitable, attractive or competitive for this population. In addition, CMS regulations will require beneficiaries dually enrolled in Medicare and in a Medicaid managed care plan to receive integrated care through the Medicaid company's Medicare Advantage D-SNPs beginning in 2030, with certain restrictions beginning in 2027, which may restrict our product offerings in some geographic service areas. However, some states have already moved or are planning to exclusively align dual-eligible enrollment under an aligned D-SNP before this timeframe. There are also specific additional risks under Title XVIII, Part D of the Social Security Act associated with our provision of Medicare Part D prescription drug benefits as part of our Medicare Advantage plan offerings. These risks include potential uncollectibility of receivables, inadequacy of pricing assumptions, inability to receive and process information and increased pharmaceutical costs, as well as the underlying seasonality of this business, and extended settlement periods for claims submissions. Our failure to comply with Part D program requirements can result in financial and/or operational sanctions on our Part D products, as well as on our Medicare Advantage products that offer no prescription drug coverage. Risk-adjustment payment systems make our revenue and results of operations more difficult to estimate and could result in retroactive adjustments that have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Most of our government customers employ risk-adjustment models to determine the premium amount they pay for each member. This model pays more for members with predictably higher costs according to the health status of each beneficiary enrolled. Premium payments are generally established at fixed intervals according to the contract terms and then adjusted on a retroactive basis. We reassess the estimates of the risk adjustment settlements each reporting period and any resulting adjustments are made to premium revenue. In addition, revisions by our government customers to the risk-adjustment models have reduced and may continue to reduce our premium revenue. 21 Table of Contents As a result of the variability of certain factors that determine estimates for risk-adjusted premiums, including plan risk scores and competitor positioning, the actual amount of retroactive payments could be materially more or less than our estimates. Consequently, our estimate of our plans' risk scores for any period, and any resulting change in our accrual of premium revenues related thereto, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The data provided to our government customers to determine the risk score is subject to audit by them even after the annual settlements occur. These audits may result in the refund of premiums to the government customer previously received by us, which could be significant and would reduce our premium revenue in the year that repayment is required. This in turn could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Government customers have performed and continue to perform audits of selected plans to validate the provider coding practices under the risk adjustment model used to calculate the premium paid for each member. In 2023, CMS announced the removal of the fee-for-service adjuster from the risk adjustment data validation audit methodology beginning for audit year 2018, which could increase our audit error scores. Additionally in 2025, CMS announced the intent to accelerate the timing and expand the scope of risk adjustment data validation audits. We anticipate that CMS will continue to conduct audits of our Medicare contracts and contract years on an on-going basis with increased focus. An audit may result in the refund of premiums to CMS. It is likely that a payment adjustment could occur as a result of these audits; and any such adjustment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If we are not successful in procuring new government contracts or renewing existing government contracts, or if we receive an adverse finding or review resulting from an audit or investigation, our business may be adversely affected. A substantial portion of our business relates to the provision of managed care programs and selected services to individuals receiving benefits under governmental assistance or entitlement programs. We provide these and other healthcare services under contracts with government entities in the geographic areas in which we operate. Our government contracts are generally intended to run for a fixed number of years and may be extended for an additional specified number of years if the contracting entity or its agent elects to do so. Initial bids for these contracts and initial implementation of these contracts can have substantial start-up costs and may ultimately be unsuccessful. For example, prior to obtaining a certificate of authority in most jurisdictions, we must establish a provider network and have systems in place to administer a state contract and process claims. Once a new contract is awarded, we may experience delays in operational start dates. As a result of these factors, start-up operations may decrease our profitability, or we may not grow as quickly as we anticipated. When our contracts with government entities expire, they may be opened for bidding by competing healthcare providers, and there is no guarantee that our contracts will be renewed or extended. For example, we are currently protesting the Texas and Georgia Medicaid reprocurements in which we were not a successful bidder. In addition, as part of the normal course of business, our Medicaid contracts are routinely up for reprocurement. Competitors may be more aggressive in the descriptions of their capabilities and the assumptions utilized in their bids or more willing to accept the financial and other terms offered by the states. Even if our responsive bids are successful, the bids may be based upon assumptions or other factors which could result in the contracts being less profitable than we had anticipated. Further, our government contracts contain certain provisions regarding readiness review, eligibility, enrollment and dis-enrollment processes for covered services, eligible providers, periodic financial and informational reporting, financial standards, quality assurance, timeliness of claims payment, compliance with contract terms and law and our agreement to maintain a Medicare plan in the state, among other things, and are subject to cancellation if we fail to perform in accordance with the standards set by regulatory agencies. We are also subject to various reviews, audits and investigations, as well as self-reporting requirements, to verify our compliance with the terms of our contracts with various governmental agencies, as well as compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Any non-compliance with our government contracts or with applicable laws and regulations, adverse review, audit or investigation, could result in, among other things: cancellation of our contracts; refunding of amounts we have been paid pursuant to our contracts; imposition of fines, penalties and other sanctions on us; loss of our right to participate in various programs; increased difficulty in selling our products and services; loss or suspension of one or more of our licenses; lowered quality Star ratings; harm to our reputation; or required changes to the way we do business. In addition, under government procurement regulations and practices, a negative determination resulting from a government audit of our business practices could result in a contractor being fined, debarred and/or suspended from being able to bid on, or be awarded, new government contracts for a period of time. If any of our government contracts are terminated, not renewed, renewed on less favorable terms, or not renewed on a timely basis, or if we receive an adverse finding or review resulting from an audit or investigation, our business and reputation may be adversely impacted, our goodwill could be impaired and our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 22 Table of Contents In addition, we contract with independent third-party vendors, brokers and service providers who provide services to us and our subsidiaries or to whom we delegate selected functions. Violations of, or noncompliance with, laws and regulations governing our business by such third-party vendors, or governing our dealings with such parties, could, among other things, subject us to additional audits, reviews, investigations, self-reporting requirements and other adverse effects. We derive a portion of our cash flow and gross margin from our PDP operations, for which we submit annual bids for participation. The results of our bids and the design of the risk-sharing program could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. A significant portion of our PDP membership is obtained from the auto-assignment of beneficiaries in CMS-designated regions where our PDP premium bids are below benchmarks of other plans' bids. In general, our premium bids are based on assumptions regarding PDP membership, utilization, drug costs, drug rebates and other factors for each region. Our 2026 PDP bids were below the benchmarks for all 34 CMS regions, compared to our 2025 PDP bids, which resulted in 33 of 34 CMS regions for which we were below the benchmarks and one region for which we were above the benchmark. As of January 1, 2026, we experienced an increase to over 8.7 million PDP members compared to 8.1 million in December 2025, due to our 2026 bid positioning. If our future Part D premium bids are not below the CMS benchmarks, we risk losing PDP members who were previously assigned to us and we may not have additional PDP members auto-assigned to us, which could materially reduce our revenue. In addition, the IRA has substantially increased PDP's risk exposure. Under the IRA, PDP plan costs increased significantly due to a reduction in members cost share (close of coverage gap, and the $2,000 cap on member out-of-pocket expenses) and a decrease in federal reinsurance (from 80% to 20%, while a greater portion of the plan drug costs fall into the catastrophic phase). These changes have led to heightened underwriting risks and increased market volatility and uncertainty for future bids, which could materially reduce our revenue and profit. The IRA also offers Part D enrollees the option to defer payment of out-of-pocket prescription drug costs across monthly payments throughout the benefit year instead of to the pharmacy at the point of sale under the Medicare Prescription Payment Plan (M3P). This change may lead to increased bad debt exposure along with potential challenges with collecting deductibles and other cost-sharing amounts from beneficiaries. The change may also lead to estimation uncertainty as we develop our experience with the M3P. Due to the uncertainty of the new Part D pricing structure, Centene has elected into the Part D Premium Stabilization Demonstration program, which subsidizes member premiums and provides additional protection through the risk corridor in the event of unforeseen losses, but such election may not be sufficient to offset the uncertainty or risks relating to our experience with M3P as well as the increased risk exposure. Increases in our pharmaceutical costs could have a material adverse effect on the level of our medical costs and our results of operations. Introduction of new high-cost specialty drugs and sudden cost spikes for existing drugs increase the risk that the pharmacy cost assumptions used to develop our capitation rates are not adequate to cover the actual pharmacy costs, which jeopardizes the overall actuarial soundness of our rates. Bearing the high costs of new specialty drugs or the high-cost inflation of drugs without an appropriate rate adjustment or other reimbursement mechanism could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, evolving regulations and state and federal mandates regarding coverage, including state-managed pharmacy benefit programs, may impact the ability of our health plans to continue to receive existing price discounts on pharmaceutical products for our members. Other factors affecting our pharmaceutical costs include, but are not limited to, geographic variation in utilization of new and existing pharmaceuticals, changes in discounts, civil investigations and litigation. Although we will continue to work with state Medicaid agencies in an effort to ensure that we receive appropriate and actuarially sound reimbursement for all new drug therapies and pharmaceuticals trends, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in that regard. Ineffectiveness of state-operated systems and subcontractors could adversely affect our business. A number of our health plans rely on other state-operated systems or subcontractors to qualify, solicit, educate and assign eligible members into managed care plans. The effectiveness of these state operations and subcontractors can have a material effect on a health plan's enrollment in a particular month or over an extended period. When a state implements either new programs to determine eligibility or new processes to assign or enroll eligible members into health plans, or when it chooses new subcontractors, or has not adequately maintained systems, there is an increased potential for an unanticipated impact on the overall number of members assigned to managed care plans. 23 Table of Contents Additionally, we rely on the accuracy of eligibility lists provided by state governments and their vendors. Inaccuracies in those lists would negatively affect our results of operations. Premium payments to our health plans are based upon eligibility lists produced by state governments and their vendors. From time to time, states require us to reimburse them for premiums paid to us based on an eligibility list that a state later discovers contains individuals who are not in fact eligible for a government sponsored program or are eligible for a different premium category or a different program. Our results of operations would be adversely affected as a result of such reimbursement to the state if we make or have made related payments to providers and are unable to recoup such payments from the providers. Alternatively, a state could fail to pay us for members for whom we are entitled to payment. Such factors could have an adverse effect on our premium revenues and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our encounter data may be inaccurate or incomplete, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and ability to bid for, and continue to participate in, certain programs. Our contracts require the submission of complete and correct encounter data. The accurate and timely reporting of encounter data is increasingly important to the success of our programs because more states are using encounter data to determine compliance with performance standards and to set premium rates. We have expended and may continue to expend additional effort and incur significant additional costs to collect or correct inaccurate or incomplete encounter data from our existing health plans and any health plans we may acquire in the future and have been and continue to be, exposed to operating sanctions and financial fines and penalties for noncompliance. In some instances, our government clients have established retroactive requirements for the encounter data we must submit. There also may be periods of time in which we are unable to meet existing requirements. In either case, it may be prohibitively expensive or impossible for us to collect or reconstruct this historical data. We may experience challenges in obtaining complete and accurate encounter data, due to difficulties with providers and third-party vendors submitting claims in a timely fashion in the proper format, and with state agencies in coordinating such submissions. As states increase their reliance on encounter data, these difficulties could adversely affect the premium rates we receive and how membership is assigned to us and subject us to financial penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition cash flows and our ability to bid for, and continue to participate in, certain programs. If state regulators do not approve payments of dividends and distributions by our subsidiaries to us, we may not have sufficient funds to implement our business strategy. We principally operate through our health plan subsidiaries. As part of normal operations, we may make requests for dividends and distributions from our subsidiaries to fund our operations. In addition to state corporate law limitations, these subsidiaries are subject to more stringent state insurance and HMO laws and regulations that limit the amount of dividends and distributions that can be paid to us without prior approval of, or notification to, state regulators. If these regulators were to deny or delay our subsidiaries' requests to pay dividends, the funds available to us would be limited, which could harm our ability to implement our business strategy. We derive a significant portion of our premium revenues from operations in a number of states, and our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be materially adversely affected by a decrease in premium revenues or profitability in any one of those states. Operations in a number of states have accounted for a significant portion of our premium revenues to date. If we were unable to continue to operate in any of those states or if our current operations in any portion of one of those states were significantly curtailed, our revenues could decrease materially. For example, as part of the normal course of business, our Medicaid contracts are routinely up for reprocurement. Our reliance on operations in a limited number of states could cause our revenues and profitability to change suddenly and unexpectedly depending on legislative or other governmental or regulatory actions and decisions or changes in governmental administrations, economic conditions and similar factors in those states. Government entities in states we currently serve could open the bidding for their Medicaid or other healthcare programs to other health insurers through a request for proposal process. For example, we are currently protesting the Texas and Georgia Medicaid reprocurements in which we were not a successful bidder. Reductions in our service area or services provided in any of the states in which we operate could harm our business. 24 Table of Contents Competition may limit our ability to increase penetration of the markets that we serve. We compete for members principally on the basis of size and quality of provider networks, the design and cost of benefits provided and quality of service. We compete with numerous types of competitors, including other health plans and traditional state Medicaid programs that reimburse providers as care is provided, as well as other non-traditional competitors. In addition, the administration of the ACA has the potential to shift the competitive landscape in our segment. Some of the health plans with which we compete have greater financial and other resources and offer a broader scope of products than we do. In addition, significant merger and acquisition activity continues to occur in the managed care industry, as well as complementary industries, such as the hospital, physician, pharmaceutical, medical device and health information systems businesses. To the extent that competition intensifies in any market that we serve, as a result of industry consolidation or otherwise, our ability to retain or increase members and providers, or maintain or increase our revenue growth, pricing flexibility and control over medical cost trends may be adversely affected. We operate in a highly competitive, dynamic and rapidly evolving industry and our failure to adapt could negatively impact our business. The health service industry continues to be competitive, dynamic and rapidly evolving. Any significant shifts in the structure of the industry could alter industry dynamics and adversely affect our ability to compete, attract or retain clients and customers. Industry shifts could result (and have resulted) from, among other things: • a large intra- or inter-industry merger or industry consolidation; • strategic alliances; • change in broker distribution channels and requirements; • continuing consolidation among physicians, hospitals and other health care providers, as well as changes in the organizational structures chosen by physicians, hospitals and health care providers; • new market entrants, including those not traditionally in the health service industry; and • innovations in technology in the health service industry, including the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Our failure to anticipate or appropriately adapt to changes in the industry could negatively impact our competitive position and adversely affect our business and results of operations. If we are unable to maintain relationships with our provider networks and timely update our provider directories, our profitability may be materially adversely affected. Our profitability depends, in large part, upon our ability to contract at competitive prices with hospitals, physicians, and other healthcare providers. Our provider arrangements with our primary care physicians, specialists and hospitals generally may be canceled by either party without cause upon 90 to 120 days prior written notice. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to continue to renew our existing contracts or enter into new contracts on a timely basis or under favorable terms enabling us to service our members profitably. Healthcare providers with whom we contract may not properly manage the costs of, and access to services, be able to provide effective telehealth services, maintain financial solvency, pay secondary providers for services rendered (which could lead secondary providers to demand payment from us even though we have made our regular capitated payments to the provider group) or avoid disputes with other providers. Depending on state law and the regulatory environment, it may be necessary for us to pay such claims. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our operations. 25 Table of Contents In any particular market, physicians and other healthcare providers could refuse to contract, demand higher payments or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs or difficulty in meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements, among other things. In some markets, certain healthcare providers, particularly hospitals, physician/hospital organizations or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions or near monopolies that could result in diminished bargaining power on our part. In addition, accountable care organizations, practice management companies, which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency and marketing leverage and other organizational structures that physicians, hospitals and other healthcare providers choose may change the way in which these providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape. Such organizations or groups of healthcare providers may compete directly with us, which could adversely affect our operations, and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows by impacting our relationships with these providers or affecting the way that we price our products and estimate our costs, which might require us to incur costs to change our operations. Provider networks may consolidate or be acquired by our direct competitors, resulting in a reduction in the competitive environment or in our competitive position. In addition, if these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate contracts that are unfavorable to us, or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected. From time to time, healthcare providers assert or threaten to assert claims seeking to terminate non-cancelable agreements due to alleged actions or inactions by us. If we are unable to retain our current provider contract terms or enter into new provider contracts timely or on favorable terms, our profitability may be materially adversely affected. In addition, from time to time, we may be subject to class action or other lawsuits by healthcare providers with respect to claim payment procedures or similar matters. In addition, regardless of whether any such lawsuits brought against us are successful or have merit, they will still be time-consuming and costly and could distract our management's attention. As a result, under such circumstances, we may incur significant expenses and may be unable to operate our business effectively. In addition, we are subject to certain state and federal regulations and contractual provisions regarding provider directory accuracy. If we are determined to be out of compliance with such accuracy requirements or other contractual operational requirements, we may be subject to penalties, sanctions, damages or other consequences resulting from regulatory audits and investigations and/or litigation and otherwise suffer competitive harm, which could have a material adverse impact on our business reputation, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. If our third-party vendors fail to meet their contractual obligations to us or fail to comply with applicable laws or regulations, our results of operations may be adversely affected and we may be exposed to brand and reputational harm, litigation and/or regulatory action. We are subject to risks associated with outsourcing services and functions to third-party vendors. We contract with various third-party vendors to perform certain functions and services, including for pharmacy benefits management, medical management and other member-related services as well as technology services, including AI. Our arrangements with these third-party vendors may expose us to public scrutiny, adversely affect our brand and reputation, expose us to litigation or regulatory action, and otherwise make our operations vulnerable if we fail to adequately oversee, monitor and regulate their performance or if they fail to meet their contractual obligations to us, including successfully and timely transitioning services, delivering expected cost savings, guarantees or commitments, increasing their service levels to us, or complying with applicable laws or regulations. Any failure of these third-party vendors' prevention, detection or control systems related to regulatory compliance, compliance with our internal policies, data security and/or cybersecurity or any incident involving the theft, misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, members' or other constituents' sensitive information could require us to expend significant resources to remediate any damage, interrupt our operations and adversely affect our brand and reputation and also expose us to whistleblower, class action and other litigation, other proceedings, prohibitions on marketing or active or passive enrollment of members, corrective actions, fines, sanctions and/or penalties, any of which could adversely affect our business results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. If the third-party vendors cannot adequately perform services to us due to lack of adequate staffing, infrastructure, experience, operational maturity, funding, bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations if we are not able to contract with other service providers on a timely basis or at all. 26 Table of Contents If we or our third-party vendors are unable to integrate and manage information systems and networks effectively, our operations could be disrupted. Our operations depend significantly on effective information systems and networks. The information gathered and processed by information systems and networks assists us in, among other things, monitoring utilization and other cost factors, processing provider claims and providing data to our regulators. Our healthcare providers also depend upon our information systems and networks for membership verifications, claims status and other information. Our information systems, networks and applications require continual maintenance, upgrading and enhancement to meet our operational needs and regulatory requirements. We regularly upgrade and expand our information systems' and networks' capabilities. If we, our healthcare providers, brokers or our third-party vendors experience difficulties with the transition to or from information systems or networks or do not appropriately integrate, maintain, enhance, secure or expand information systems or networks, we could suffer, among other things, operational disruptions, loss of existing members and providers and difficulty in attracting new members and providers, complaints, regulatory problems and increases in administrative expenses. In addition, our healthcare providers', our brokers' or our third-party vendors' ability to int
[...TRUNCATED...]