TICKER=CNP|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CNP_2026-02-19.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors 19 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 44 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 44 Item 2. Properties 45 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 49 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 49 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrants’ Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 50 Item 6. [Reserved] 50 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 50 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 87 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 90 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 180 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 180 Item 9B. Other Information 183 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 183 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 183 Item 11. Executive Compensation 183 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 183 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 183 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 183 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 185 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 185 i CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION From time to time the Registrants make statements concerning their expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance and underlying assumptions and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. You can generally identify forward-looking statements by the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “goal,” “intend,” “may,” “objective,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “projection,” “should,” “target,” “will” or other similar words. The Registrants have based their forward-looking statements on management’s beliefs and assumptions based on information reasonably available to management at the time the statements are made. The Registrants caution you that assumptions, beliefs, expectations, intentions and projections about future events may and often do vary materially from actual results. Therefore, the Registrants cannot assure you that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed or implied by the Registrants’ forward-looking statements. In this Form 10-K, unless context requires otherwise, the terms “our,” “we” and “us” are used as abbreviated references to CenterPoint Energy, Inc. together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including Houston Electric, CERC and SIGECO. Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied by the Registrants’ forward-looking statements are described under “Risk Factors” in Item 1A and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Certain Factors Affecting Future Earnings” and “ — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Other Matters — Other Factors That Could Affect Cash Requirements” in Item 7 of Part II of this report, which discussions are incorporated herein by reference. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of the particular statement, and, other than as required under applicable securities laws, the Registrants undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS An investment in CenterPoint Energy’s securities involves a significant degree of risk. Below is a summary of certain risk factors to consider in evaluating CenterPoint Energy as well as its Common Stock. However, this list is not exhaustive. Before investing in CenterPoint Energy, carefully consider the risk factors discussed or referenced below and in Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of this combined report on Form 10-K. If any of the risks discussed below and in Item 1A. “Risk Factors” were actually to occur, CenterPoint Energy’s, Houston Electric’s and CERC’s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected. In that case, CenterPoint Energy might not be able to pay dividends on its Common Stock, or the trading price of its Common Stock could decline. Risk Factors Affecting Operations Electric Transmission, Distribution and Generation (CenterPoint Energy and Houston Electric) • Disruptions at third-party or Indiana Electric’s power generation facilities, generation inadequacy, directives issued by regulatory authorities or other matters could cause interruptions in Houston Electric’s and Indiana Electric’s ability to provide transmission and distribution services and Houston Electric and Indiana Electric may not be able to promptly respond, repair and restart their facilities, which could adversely affect their businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. • Indiana Electric’s execution of its generation transition plan is subject to various risks, including timely recovery of capital investments and increased costs and risks related to the timing and cost of development and/or construction of new generation facilities. • Houston Electric’s receivables are primarily concentrated in a small number of REPs, and any delay or default in payments of these receivables could adversely affect Houston Electric’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. • Houston Electric’s use of TEEEF is subject to various risks, potential performance issues and allegations about Houston Electric’s procurement and deployment of the resources (including the planning, execution and effectiveness of the same), regulatory and environmental requirements, and timely recovery of capital. ii Natural Gas (CenterPoint Energy and CERC) • Access to natural gas supplies and pipeline transmission and storage capacity are essential components of reliable service for our natural gas business customers. • We are subject to fluctuations in natural gas prices, which could affect the ability of our suppliers and customers to meet their obligations or may impact our operations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. • Our natural gas businesses must compete with alternate energy sources, which could result in less natural gas delivered and have an adverse impact on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risk Factors Affecting Regulatory, Environmental and Legal Risks • Rate regulation of the Registrants’ electric and natural gas businesses may delay or deny their ability to earn an expected return and fully and timely recover their costs. • Our successful execution and completion of capital projects and programs, including those within our 10-year capital plan, are subject to substantial risks, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially affected should such efforts not be executed and completed as planned. • We are involved in numerous legal proceedings, the outcomes of which are uncertain, and resolutions adverse to us could negatively affect our financial results. • Negative opinions of CenterPoint Energy from customers, investors, legislators, regulators, creditors, rating agencies and other stakeholders relating to actual or perceived system reliability and safety, the speed of our response to service interruptions, rates and customer affordability, our ability to successfully execute our capital plan, media coverage and actions by third parties, could harm our reputation and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. • We are subject to operational and financial risks and liabilities arising from environmental laws and regulations, including regulation of CCR, federal and state climate change legislation and regulation and certain local initiatives that seek to limit fossil fuel usage. • CenterPoint Energy is subject to operational and financial risks and liabilities associated with its sustainability and related activities, including the implementation of and efforts to achieve its energy transition goals. • We are subject to extensive regulation, which could result in higher costs for system improvements, as well as fines or other sanctions. Risk Factors Affecting Financial, Economic and Market Risks • Disruptions to the global supply chain, inflation, labor shortages and scarcity of certain materials may impact our operations, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to execute our capital plan and on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. • If we are unable to arrange future financings on acceptable terms, our ability to finance our capital expenditures and operations or refinance outstanding indebtedness could be limited. • CenterPoint Energy is a holding company that derives all of its operating income from, and holds substantially all of its assets through, its subsidiaries. As a result, CenterPoint Energy depends on the performance of and distributions from its subsidiaries to meet its payment obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock, and provisions of applicable law or contractual restrictions could limit the amount of those distributions. • If CenterPoint Energy redeems the ZENS prior to their maturity in 2029, its ultimate tax liability and redemption payments may result in significant cash payments, which would adversely impact its cash flows and liquidity. Similarly, a significant amount of exchanges of ZENS by ZENS holders could adversely impact CenterPoint Energy’s cash flows and liquidity. Risk Factors Affecting Safety and Security Risks • The Registrants’ businesses have safety risks. • Cyberattacks, physical security breaches, acts of terrorism or other disruptions could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. • We may not be successful in our adoption, development and deployment of AI, which could adversely affect our business, reputation or financial results. iii General and Other Risks • Our revenues and results of operations are seasonal. • Severe weather events, natural disasters and other climate-related impacts could adversely impact our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. • We are exposed to risks related to changes in demand and energy consumption that could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. • Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully operate our facilities or perform certain corporate functions. • Aging infrastructure may lead to increased costs and disruptions in operations that could negatively impact our financial results. • Our businesses will continue to have to adapt to, implement and integrate technological change and may not be successful implementing such technological change as designed or may have to make significant investments to adapt to and integrate technological change. iv PART I Item 1. Business This combined Form 10-K is filed separately by three registrants: CenterPoint Energy, Inc., CenterPoint Energy Houston Electric, LLC and CenterPoint Energy Resources Corp. Information contained herein relating to any individual Registrant is filed by such Registrant solely on its own behalf. No Registrant makes any representation as to information relating to the other Registrants or the subsidiaries of CenterPoint Energy, Inc. other than itself or its subsidiaries. Except as discussed in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, no Registrant has an obligation in respect of any other Registrant’s debt securities, and holders of such debt securities should not consider the financial resources or results of operations of any Registrant other than the obligor in making a decision with respect to such securities. The discussion of CenterPoint Energy’s consolidated financial information includes the financial results of Houston Electric and CERC. Where appropriate, information relating to a specific Registrant has been segregated and labeled as such. Unless the context indicates otherwise, specific references to Houston Electric and CERC also pertain to CenterPoint Energy. In this combined Form 10-K, the terms “our,” “we” and “us” are used as abbreviated references to CenterPoint Energy, Inc. together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including Houston Electric and CERC, unless otherwise stated. OUR BUSINESS Overview CenterPoint Energy is a public utility holding company. CenterPoint Energy’s operating subsidiaries own and operate electric transmission, distribution and generation facilities and natural gas distribution systems. As of December 31, 2025, CenterPoint Energy’s indirect, wholly-owned operating subsidiaries included: • Houston Electric, which provides electric transmission service to transmission service customers in the ERCOT region and distribution service to REPs serving the Texas Gulf Coast area that includes the city of Houston. • CERC Corp., which (i) directly owns and operates natural gas distribution systems in Minnesota and Texas, (ii) indirectly, through Indiana Gas and CEOH, owns and operates natural gas distribution systems in Indiana and Ohio, respectively, and (iii) owns and operates permanent pipeline connections through interconnects with various interstate and intrastate pipeline companies through CEIP; and • SIGECO, which provides energy delivery services to electric and natural gas customers located in and near Evansville in southwestern Indiana and owns and operates electric generation assets to serve its electric customers and optimizes those assets in the wholesale power market. As of December 31, 2025, CenterPoint Energy’s reportable segments were Electric, Natural Gas and Corporate and Other. Houston Electric and CERC each consist of one reportable segment. For a description of CenterPoint Energy’s reportable segments, see Note 16. For a discussion of net income by segment, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Results of Operations by Reportable Segment” in Item 7 of Part II of this report. On March 7, 2025, SIGECO acquired 100% of the equity interests in Posey Solar, which was constructing a 191 MW solar array in Posey County, Indiana, for approximately $357 million. On March 31, 2025, CenterPoint Energy, through its subsidiary CERC Corp., completed the sale of its Louisiana and Mississippi natural gas LDC businesses for approximately $1.2 billion. On October 20, 2025, CenterPoint Energy, through its subsidiary CERC Corp., entered into the Ohio Securities Purchase Agreement to sell all of the issued and outstanding equity interests in CEOH for total consideration of approximately $2.62 billion, which is comprised of the following: (i) $1.42 billion in cash payable to CERC Corp. upon closing of the transaction, subject to adjustments as set forth in the Ohio Securities Purchase Agreement, including adjustments based on net working capital, regulatory assets and liabilities and capital expenditures at closing of the transaction; and (ii) a 364-day seller promissory note, in the original principal amount of $1.2 billion, to be issued by NFGC at the closing of the transaction and payable to CERC Corp. as provided by the terms and conditions of the Seller Note Agreement. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2026, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. For further information, see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. The Registrants’ principal executive offices are located at 1111 Louisiana Street, Houston, Texas 77002 (telephone number: 713-207-1111). 1 We make available free of charge on CenterPoint Energy’s internet website, http://www.centerpointenergy.com, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish them to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Additionally, we make available free of charge on CenterPoint Energy’s internet website: • our Code of Ethics for our Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers; • our Ethics and Compliance Code; • our Supplier Code of Conduct; • our Corporate Governance Guidelines; and • the charters of the Audit, Corporate Governance and Nominating, Human Capital and Compensation, and Safety and Operations committees of our Board. Any shareholder who so requests may obtain a printed copy of any of these documents from us. Changes in or waivers of our Code of Ethics for our Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers and waivers of our Ethics and Compliance Code for directors or executive officers will be posted on our internet website within five business days of such change or waiver and maintained for at least 12 months or timely reported on Item 5.05 of Form 8-K. Investors should also note that we announce material financial information in SEC filings, press releases and public conference calls. Based on guidance from the SEC, we may use the investor relations section of our internet website to communicate with our investors. It is possible that the financial and other information posted there could be deemed to be material information. Except to the extent explicitly stated herein, documents and information on our internet website are not incorporated by reference herein. Electric (CenterPoint Energy) The Electric reportable segment is comprised of Houston Electric and Indiana Electric. For information regarding the properties of the Electric reportable segment, see “Properties — Electric (CenterPoint Energy and Houston Electric)” in Item 2 of this report, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Houston Electric (CenterPoint Energy and Houston Electric) Houston Electric is a transmission and distribution electric utility that operates wholly within the state of Texas. Houston Electric does not make direct retail or wholesale sales of electric energy or own or operate any power generating facilities other than TEEEF. Electric Transmission On behalf of REPs, Houston Electric delivers electricity from power plants to substations, from one substation to another and to retail electric customers taking power at or above 69 kV in locations throughout Houston Electric’s certificated service territory. Houston Electric constructs and maintains transmission facilities and provides transmission services under tariffs approved by the PUCT. Electric Distribution Houston Electric’s distribution network receives electricity from the transmission grid through power distribution substations and delivers electricity for REPs in its certificated service area by carrying lower-voltage power from the substation to the retail electric customer through distribution feeders. Houston Electric’s operations include construction and maintenance of distribution facilities, metering services, outage response services and call center operations. Houston Electric provides distribution services under tariffs approved by the PUCT. PUCT rules and market protocols govern the commercial operations of distribution companies and other market participants. Rates for these services are established pursuant to rate proceedings conducted before municipalities that have original jurisdiction and the PUCT. 2 TEEEF As allowed by a law enacted by the Texas legislature after the February 2021 Winter Storm Event and amended in 2023, Houston Electric has entered into contractual arrangements to facilitate access to TEEEF units, both on a long-term basis and, to a limited extent, on a month-to-month basis, that can aid in restoring power to customers during certain significant power outages that are impacting its distribution system. In June 2025, Houston Electric entered into definitive documentation (the “ERCOT Transaction”), subject to PUCT approval, with relevant parties to release its 15 large 27 MW to 32 MW TEEEF units to the San Antonio area until March 2027 unless terminated earlier pursuant to the provisions of the ERCOT Transaction, during which Houston Electric will not receive revenue or profit from ERCOT and will also not charge Houston-area customers for these TEEEF units while they are in the San Antonio area serving ERCOT. In November 2025, Houston Electric proposed to release its five medium (5.7 MW) TEEEF units and to remove the associated lease costs from its rates effective January 1, 2026. On February 13, 2026, Houston Electric requested continued abatement until February 27, 2026 due to continued settlement discussions. As of December 31, 2025, Houston Electric leased 519 MW of TEEEF on a long-term basis. For more information, see Note 7 and Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements. Bond Companies Houston Electric has VIEs, including Transition Bond Company IV and Restoration Bond Company II, which are consolidated. The consolidated VIEs are wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote, special purpose entities that were formed solely for the purpose of securitizing transition property or system restoration property through the issuance of transition bonds or system restoration bonds, and conducting activities incidental thereto. The Securitization Bonds are repaid through charges imposed on customers in Houston Electric’s service territory. On October 15, 2024, Transition Bond Company IV repaid in full its last outstanding transition bonds at maturity. For further discussion of the Securitization Bonds and the outstanding balances as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, see Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. Customers Houston Electric serves nearly all of the Houston/Galveston metropolitan area near the Texas Gulf Coast. Houston Electric’s customers consist of REPs, which sell electricity to metered customers in Houston Electric’s certificated service area, and municipalities, electric cooperatives and other distribution companies located outside Houston Electric’s certificated service area. Each REP is licensed by, and must meet minimum creditworthiness criteria established by, the PUCT. Houston Electric does not have long-term contracts with any of its customers, but rather operates using a continuous billing cycle, with meter readings being conducted and invoices being distributed to REPs each business day. For information regarding Houston Electric’s major customers, see Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. The table below reflects the number of REPs and metered customers in Houston Electric’s service area as of December 31, 2025: REPs Residential Commercial/ Industrial Total Customers Texas Gulf Coast 67 2,544,880 314,433 2,859,313 Competition There are no other electric transmission and distribution utilities in Houston Electric’s service area. For another provider of transmission and distribution services to provide such services in Houston Electric’s territory, it would be required to obtain a CCN from the PUCT and, depending on the location of the facilities, may also be required to obtain franchises from one or more municipalities. Houston Electric is not aware of any other party intending to enter this business in its service area at this time. Distributed generation (i.e., power generation located at or near the point of consumption) could result in a reduction of demand for Houston Electric’s distribution services but has not been a significant factor to date. Seasonality Houston Electric’s revenues are primarily derived from rates that it collects from each REP based on the amount of electricity it delivers on behalf of that REP. Houston Electric’s revenues and results of operations are subject to seasonality, weather conditions and other changes in electricity usage, with revenues generally being higher during the warmer months when more electricity is used for cooling purposes. 3 Franchises Houston Electric holds non-exclusive franchises from certain incorporated municipalities in its service territory. In exchange for the payment of fees, these franchises give Houston Electric the right to use the streets and public rights-of-way of these municipalities to construct, operate and maintain its transmission and distribution system and to use that system to conduct its electric delivery business and for other purposes that the franchises permit. The terms of the franchises, with various expiration dates, typically range from 30 to 40 years. Indiana Electric (CenterPoint Energy) Indiana Electric consists of SIGECO’s electric transmission and distribution services, including its electric generation assets and wholesale power operations. The table below reflects the number of metered customers to whom Indiana Electric supplied electric service as of December 31, 2025: Residential Commercial/Industrial Total Customers Southwestern Indiana 134,695 19,707 154,402 System Load Total load and the related reserve margin at the time of the system summer peak on June 25, 2025 is presented below in MW, except for reserve margin at peak: 2025 Total load at peak 1,073 Generating capability 1,071 Purchase supply (effective capacity) (1) 263 Interruptible contracts & direct load control 14 Total power supply capacity 1,348 Reserve margin at peak 26 % (1) Total reflects long-term and short-term capacity contracts secured to meet MISO planning requirements. The winter peak load for the 2024-2025 season of approximately 849 MW occurred on January 21, 2025. Solar and Wind Indiana Electric has entered into various PPAs to purchase solar power and wind power to meet its future generation needs as reported in the table below: Power Type Counterparty Location Date in Service/Expected Date in Service Capacity (MW) Term (in Years) Wind NextEra Energy, Inc. Tama County, Iowa 2025 170 27 Solar Origis Knox County, Indiana 2026 150 20 Wind NextEra Energy, Inc. Knox County, Illinois 2026 147 25 467 For further information about Indiana Electric’s solar power and wind power activities, see “