TICKER=COF|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/COF_2026-02-19.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors The following discussion sets forth what management currently believes could be the material risks and uncertainties that could impact our businesses, results of operations and financial condition. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may not be able to accurately predict, recognize or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, liquidity and stock price. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors, events or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. In addition, the global economic and political climate may amplify many of these risks. Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of the Risk Factors disclosure in this Item 1A. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found below and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC, before making an investment decision regarding our securities. • We may not be able to successfully integrate our businesses associated with the Transaction, or such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected. • We will continue to incur substantial expenses related to the integration of Discover, and the expenses may be greater than anticipated due to factors, some or all of which may be outside our control. 22 Capital One Financial Corporation (COF) Table of Contents • We may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the Transaction, or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected due to factors that may be outside our control. • The integration of Discover may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations due to the diversion of a substantial portion of the time and attention of our management team as well as potential employee attrition. • Changes and instability in the macroeconomic environment could disrupt capital markets, reduce consumer and business activity and weaken the labor market, all of which could impact borrowers’ ability to service their debt obligations and adversely impact our financial results. • Fluctuations in interest rates could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. • We may not be able to maintain adequate sources of funding and liquidity to operate our business. • We may experience increases in delinquencies and credit losses, or we may incorrectly estimate expected losses, which could result in inadequate reserves. • We may not be able to maintain adequate capital or liquidity levels or may become subject to revised capital or liquidity requirements, which could have a negative impact on our financial results and our ability to return capital to our stockholders. • Limitations on our ability to receive dividends from our subsidiaries could affect our liquidity and ability to pay dividends and repurchase our common stock. • A downgrade in our credit ratings could significantly impact our liquidity, funding costs and access to the capital markets. • We face risks related to our operational, technological and organizational infrastructure. • A cyber-attack or other security incident on us or third parties (including their supply chains) with which we conduct business, including an incident that results in the theft, loss, manipulation or misuse of information (including personal information), or the disabling of systems and access to information critical to business operations, may result in increased costs, reductions in revenue, reputational damage, legal exposure and business disruptions. • We face risks resulting from the extensive use of models and data, as well as from our evolving use of AI. • Risks of external fraud exceeding our expectations due to larger, more sophisticated, or more frequent fraud attacks, failure to detect and respond to such attacks and/or the reduced capability to recover losses from those incidents. This could result in increased fraud loss, operational cost, customer dissatisfaction, reputational damage and/or constrained revenue growth for us. • Compliance with new and existing domestic and foreign laws, regulations and regulatory expectations is costly and complex, and any significant changes may adversely affect our business. • Our required compliance with applicable laws and regulations related to privacy, data protection and data security, in addition to compliance with our own privacy policies and contractual obligations to third parties, may increase our costs, reduce our revenue, increase our legal exposure and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities. • Our businesses are subject to the risk of increased litigation, government investigations and regulatory enforcement. • We face intense competition in all of our markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. • A change in market preference towards other operators of payment networks and alternative payment providers could result in reduced transaction volume, limited merchant acceptance of our cards and limited issuance of cards on our networks by third parties, and in turn may impact our revenue margins. 23 Capital One Financial Corporation (COF) Table of Contents • If we are unsuccessful in creating and maintaining a strong base of network licensees and achieving meaningful global card acceptance, we may be unable to achieve long-term success in our recently acquired international network business. • Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by legislation, regulation and merchants’ efforts to reduce the fees (including the interchange component) charged by credit and debit card networks and acquirers to facilitate card transactions. • A reduction in the number of large merchants that accept cards on our recently acquired Discover Network or PULSE Network or in the rates they pay could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. • Defaults or risks from bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings, consolidations and outages by our network participants may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. • If we are not able to invest successfully in and introduce digital and other technological developments across all our businesses, our financial performance may suffer. • We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of our mergers, acquisitions and strategic partnerships. • Reputational risk and social factors may impact our results and damage our brand. • If we are not able to protect our intellectual property rights, or we violate third-party intellectual property rights, our revenue and profitability could be negatively affected. • Our risk management strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk. • Our business could be negatively affected if we are unable to attract, develop, retain and motivate key senior leaders and skilled employees. • We face risks from catastrophic events. • Climate change manifesting as physical or transition risks could adversely affect our businesses, operations and customers and result in increased costs. • We face risks from the use of or changes to assumptions or estimates in our financial statements. • The soundness of other financial institutions and other third parties, actual or perceived, could adversely affect us. Risks Relating to the Transaction and Integration of Discover We may not be able to successfully integrate our businesses associated with the Transaction, or such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected. The successful integration of two independent businesses is complex, difficult, time-consuming and costly. The success of the Transaction depends, in part, on our ability to successfully integrate Discover’s operations in a manner that results in various benefits and that does not materially disrupt existing customer relationships or materially decrease revenues due to loss of customers. Additionally, the success of the Transaction depends on our ability to successfully integrate Discover into our Risk Management Framework (the “Framework”) , compliance systems and corporate culture, which we believe requires extensive investment, including to enhance the risk management function at Discover consistent with our risk management standards and those of regulators, as well as to address remediation obligations under existing and possible future regulatory orders. The difficulties of combining the operations of our businesses include, among others: • difficulties integrating operations, systems and networks, including related technology, operations and compliance programs; • difficulties managing our expanded operations, including challenges related to management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity; 24 Capital One Financial Corporation (COF) Table of Contents • difficulties managing our expanded international business footprint, including risks adapting to new markets, legal and regulatory regimes, languages, businesses and cultural practices; • challenges in conforming standards, controls, procedures and accounting and other policies, such as the integration of Discover into our Framework and corporate culture; • risks arising from increased scrutiny by, and/or additional regulatory requirements of, governmental authorities as a result of the Transaction, including those related to the integration process or the size, scope and complexity of our expanded business operations; • difficulties in retaining existing personnel or hiring and integrating new personnel; • difficulties retaining existing customers or maintaining existing customer relationships; • diversion of management’s attention to integration matters; • potential failures, outages, interruptions, compromises and other disruptions resulting from the integration of certain systems, networks and infrastructures, such as our third-party cloud infrastructure platforms or mainframes; • changes in laws or regulations or in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations; • risks arising from known or potential unknown contingencies and liabilities of Discover assumed in connection with the consummation of the Transaction; and • risks related to the outcome of any legal, regulatory, political or community group proceedings or inquiries that may be currently pending or later instituted against us in connection with the Transaction. The successful combination of our businesses depends on the result of the factors listed above and on the resolution of any potential unknown liabilities, adverse consequences and unforeseen events and increased expenses associated with the Transaction, some or all of which may be outside of our control. If we are unable to successfully integrate our businesses or manage risks related to the above factors, the anticipated benefits of the Transaction may not be fully realized or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, all of which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We will continue to incur substantial expenses related to the integration of Discover, and the expenses may be greater than anticipated due to factors, some or all of which may be outside our control. We have incurred and expect to incur a number of significant non-recurring costs associated with the integration of Discover. There are a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that have been and will continue to be integrated, including purchasing, accounting and finance, payroll, cybersecurity, compliance, treasury management, customer management operations, vendor management, risk management, lines of business, pricing and benefits. While we have assumed that a certain level of costs will be incurred, many of the expenses that we will incur are, by their nature, difficult to estimate accurately. Moreover, there are many factors beyond our control that could affect the total amount or the timing of integration expenses. These expenses could, particularly in the near term, exceed the savings that we expect to achieve from the elimination of duplicative expenses and the realization of economies of scale. These expenses may result in us recording increased expenses as a result of the integration of Discover, and the amount and timing of such charges are uncertain at the present and could exceed initial estimates. We may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the Transaction, or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected due to factors that may be outside our control. We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the Transaction, including, among other things, anticipated revenue and cost synergies, due to factors that may be outside our control. Our ability to continue to grow our business depends upon our ability to successfully hire, train, supervise, retain and manage new employees, obtain financing for our capital needs, expand our systems effectively, control increasing costs, allocate our human resources optimally, maintain clear lines of communication between our operational functions and our finance and accounting functions and manage the pressures on our management and administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. There can be no assurance that we will be able to accurately anticipate and respond to the changing demands we will face as we continue to expand our operations or that we will be able to achieve 25 Capital One Financial Corporation (COF) Table of Contents further growth at all. Additionally, we face risks that any business, technology, service or product we integrate from Discover may significantly under-perform relative to our expectations, and that we may not achieve the benefits we expect, which could, among other things, result in a write-down of goodwill and other intangible assets associated with the Transaction. Other factors include, but are not limited to, changes in laws or regulations or the implementation or interpretation of laws or regulations due to, among other things, changes in government or general economic, marketplace, technological, political, legislative or regulatory conditions. For example, debit card transactions on three-party networks could become subject to the Federal Reserve’s Regulation II (Debit Card Interchange Fees and Routing) requirements, and other changes in laws or regulations or in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations could impose additional limitations on the fees issuers or networks can charge on debit or credit card transactions or require merchants to be provided an alternative network for transaction routing, any of which may have an adverse effect on our business. Other factors that also may impact our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Transaction include the outcome of any legal or regulatory proceedings that may be currently pending or later instituted against us, including those related to the Card Product Misclassification. As a result of the Transaction, we have become the legal successor to Discover and, as a result, have assumed the risks relating to actions that were or may be later instituted against Discover or us relating to Discover’s previous actions, as well as ongoing expenses in defending and resolving these actions, and are subject to reputational and other risks associated with Discover’s previous actions. If we fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the Transaction, or if those benefits take longer to realize than expected, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The integration of Discover may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations due to the diversion of a substantial portion of the time and attention of our management team as well as potential employee attrition. Our management team has spent, and continues to spend, a significant amount of time and effort focusing on the integration of Discover. This diversion of attention may have an adverse effect on the conduct of our business, and, as a result, on our financial condition and results of operations, particularly if the time it takes to complete the integration is protracted. During this period of integration, our employees may face distraction and uncertainty, and we may experience increased levels of employee attrition. A loss of key personnel or material erosion of employee morale could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to meet customer expectations, thereby adversely affecting our business and results of operations. The failure to retain members of our management team and other key personnel could also impair our ability to execute our strategy and implement operational initiatives, thereby having a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. General Economic and Market Risks Changes and instability in the macroeconomic environment could disrupt capital markets, reduce consumer and business activity and weaken the labor market, all of which could impact borrowers’ ability to service their debt obligations and adversely impact our financial results. Changes or instability in the macroeconomic environment may impact payment patterns, consumer spending and credit losses. Because we offer a broad array of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients, our financial results are impacted by the level of consumer and business activity and the demand for our products and services. A prolonged period of economic weakness, volatility, slow growth or a significant deterioration in economic conditions, in the countries in which we operate, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations as customers or commercial clients default on their loans, maintain lower deposit levels or, in the case of credit card accounts, carry lower balances and reduce credit card purchase activity. Some of the factors that could disrupt capital markets, reduce consumer and business activity and weaken the labor market include the following: • Monetary policy actions, such as changes to interest rates, taken by the Federal Reserve and other central banks, such as the central banks in the U.K. and Canada, and a growing fiscal deficit and increase in the U.S. debt-to-gross domestic product ratio; • Fiscal policy actions, such as changes to applicable tax codes and programs supported by government funding (e.g., Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security); 26 Capital One Financial Corporation (COF) Table of Contents • Geopolitical conflicts or instabilities, such as the war in Ukraine, the ongoing conflict in the Middle East and the political instability in Venezuela and increased geopolitical tensions between the U.S. and China; • Trade wars, trade barriers, tariffs, economic sanctions, labor shortages and disruptions of global supply chains, including their impacts on the auto industry; • The effects of stalemates in the U.S. government, including government shutdowns whether recurring, prolonged or otherwise, developments related to the U.S. federal debt ceiling, default by the U.S. government on its debt obligations, or related credit-rating downgrades; • Inflation and deflation, including the effects of related governmental responses; • Concerns over a potential recession, which may lead to adjustments in spending patterns; • Technology-driven disruption of certain industries, such as those due to advances in AI, robotics and cryptocurrency; • Adverse developments impacting the U.S. or global banking industry, including bank failures, the failure of non-bank financial institutions and liquidity concerns and fluctuations or other significant changes in both debt and equity capital markets and currencies; • Changes in immigration policies and their impact to the labor market; • Lower demand for credit such as loans and shifts in consumer behavior, including shifts away from using credit cards or deposits, other changes in deposit practices and changes in payment patterns; and • Changes in usage of commercial real estate, which may have a sustained negative impact on utilization rates and values. Decreases in overall business activity and changes in customer behavior (such as the increased use of debt settlement companies) may lead to increases in our charge-off rate caused by bankruptcies and may reduce our ability to recover debt that we have previously charged off. Such changes may also decrease the reliability of our internal processes and models, including those we use to estimate our allowance for credit losses, particularly if unexpected variations in key inputs and assumptions cause actual losses to diverge from the projections of our models and our estimates become increasingly subject to management’s judgment. See “ We face risks resulting from the extensive use of models and data, as well as from our evolving use of AI. ” Additionally, we have and may in the future implement measures to tighten credit access in response to certain consumer and economic indicators that have or may in the future impact our financial performance, such as purchase volume and new accounts. Fluctuations in interest rates could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Like other financial institutions, our business is sensitive to interest rate movements. The timing, pace and direction of additional interest rate changes remains uncertain, and will largely depend on trends in inflation, employment and other macroeconomic factors that are outside of our control. Changes in interest rates could adversely affect the results of our operations and financial condition. For example, rapid changes in interest rates make it difficult for us to balance our loan and deposit portfolios, which may adversely affect our results of operations by, for example, reducing asset yields or spreads, or having other adverse impacts on our business. Higher interest rates may increase our borrowing costs, require us to increase the interest we pay on funds deposited with us and reduce the market value of our securities holdings. If interest rates increase or if higher interest rates persist for an extended period of time, our expenses may increase further. While higher interest rates generally enhance our ability to grow our net interest income, there are potential risks associated with operating in a higher interest rate environment. For example, some customers have been and may continue to be less willing or able overall to borrow at higher interest rates. Higher interest rates also have hindered and may continue to hinder the ability of some borrowers to support required loan payments. On the other hand, if the rate of economic growth decreased sharply, causing the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates, our net income could be adversely affected as our variable-rate assets tend to be more immediately responsive to changes in market rates than most deposit liabilities. Additionally, interest rate fluctuations and competitor responses to those changes may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, as customers or commercial clients default on their loans, maintain lower deposit 27 Capital One Financial Corporation (COF) Table of Contents levels or, in the case of credit card accounts, reduce demand for credit or (for existing customers) the level of borrowing or purchase activity. For example, increases in interest rates increase debt service requirements for some of our borrowers, which may adversely affect those borrowers’ ability to pay as contractually obligated. This could result in additional or fluctuating delinquencies or charge-offs and negatively impact our results of operations. These changes could reduce the overall yield on our interest-earning asset portfolio. We assess our interest rate risk by estimating the effect on our net interest income and earnings, economic value and capital under various interest rate scenarios of different direction and magnitude. We take risk mitigation actions based on those assessments. For example, the Company employs various hedging strategies to mitigate the interest rate, foreign exchange and market risks inherent in many of our assets and liabilities. The Company’s hedging strategies rely considerably on assumptions and projections regarding our assets and liabilities as well as general market factors. If any of these assumptions or projections prove to be incorrect or our hedges do not adequately mitigate the impact of changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and other market factors, the Company may experience volatility in our earnings that could adversely affect our profitability and financial condition. We face the risk that changes in interest rates could materially reduce our net interest income and our earnings, especially if actual conditions turn out to be materially different than those we assumed. Changes in valuations in the debt and equity markets could have a negative impact on the assets we hold in our investment portfolio. Such market changes could also have a negative impact on the valuation of assets for which we provide servicing. See “Part II—Item 7. MD&A—Market Risk Profile” and “ We face intense competition in all of our markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations ” for additional information. We may not be able to maintain adequate sources of funding and liquidity to operate our business. We may not be able to maintain adequate sources of funding and liquidity to fund our operations, grow our business, pay our outstanding liabilities and meet regulatory expectations. Our ability to borrow from other financial institutions or to engage in funding transactions on favorable terms or at all could be adversely affected by factors outside of our control, including disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital markets, as well as changes in consumer behavior that could affect the stability or availability of our retail deposit funding. Additionally, increased charge-offs, interest rate volatility, increased refinancing activity and other events may cause our securitization transactions to amortize earlier than scheduled or reduce the value of the securities that we hold for liquidity purposes, which could accelerate our need for additional funding from other sources. We could also experience impairments of other financial assets and other negative impacts on our financial position, including possible constraints on liquidity and capital, as well as higher costs of capital. In addition, our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities on terms that are acceptable to us could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry or economy generally. Factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include increases in funding costs, downturns in the geographic markets in which our loans and operations are concentrated, difficulties in credit markets or unforeseen outflows of cash or collateral, including as a result of unusual effects in the market. Our ability to fund our business and our liquidity position also depend on our ability to attract or maintain deposits. Many other financial institutions have increased their reliance on deposit funding and, as such, we expect continued competition in the deposit markets, including with some financial institutions with tokenized deposit programs. We cannot predict how this competition will affect our costs. If we are required to offer higher interest rates to attract or maintain deposits, our funding costs will be adversely impacted. Although we have historically been able to meet the liquidity needs of customers as necessary, the ability to do so is not assured, especially if a large number of our depositors seek to withdraw their accounts or if our customers seek significant draws on their credit lines, regardless of the reason. A failure to maintain adequate liquidity could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Credit Risk We may experience increases in delinquencies and credit losses, or we may incorrectly estimate expected losses, which could result in inadequate reserves. Like other lenders, we face the risk that our customers will not repay their loans. A customer’s ability and willingness to repay us can be adversely affected by decreases in the income of the borrower or increases in their payment obligations to other lenders, whether as a result of a job loss, higher debt levels or rising cost of servicing debt, inflation outpacing wage growth, or by restricted availability of credit generally. We may fail to quickly identify and reduce our exposure to customers that are 28 Capital One Financial Corporation (COF) Table of Contents likely to default on their payment obligations, whether by closing credit lines or restricting authorizations. Our ability to manage credit risk also is affected by legal or regulatory changes (such as restrictions on collections, bankruptcy laws, minimum payment regulations and re-age guidance), competitors’ actions and consumer behavior, and depends on the effectiveness of our collections staff, techniques and models. Additionally, there can be no assurance that we can effectively integrate Discover’s business into our credit models in a manner that will be effective at predicting credit outcomes. Rising credit losses or leading indicators of rising credit losses (such as higher delinquencies, higher rates of nonperforming loans, higher bankruptcy rates, lower collateral values, elevated unemployment rates or changing market terms) may require us to increase our allowance for credit losses, which would decrease our profitability if we are unable to raise revenue or reduce costs to compensate for higher credit losses, whether actual or expected. In particular, we face the following risks in this area: • Missed Payments : Our customers may fail to make required payments on time and may default or become delinquent. Loan charge-offs (including from bankruptcies) are generally preceded by missed payments or other indications of worsening financial conditions for our customers. Historically, customers are more likely to miss payments during an economic downturn, recession, periods of high unemployment, or prolonged periods of slow economic growth. Customers might also be more likely to miss payments if the payment burdens on their existing debt grow due to higher interest rates, or if inflation outpaces wage growth. • Incorrect Estimates of Expected Credit Losses : The credit quality of our loan portfolios can have a significant impact on our earnings. We allow for and reserve against credit risks based on our assessment of expected credit losses in our loan portfolios. This process, which is critical to our financial condition and results of operations, requires complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions. We may underestimate our expected credit losses and fail to hold an allowance for credit losses sufficient to account for these credit losses. Incorrect assumptions could lead to material underestimations of expected credit losses and an inadequate allowance for credit losses. See “ We face risks resulting from the extensive use of models and data, as well as from our evolving use of AI. ” • Inaccurate Underwriting : Our ability to accurately assess the creditworthiness of our customers may diminish, which could result in an increase in our credit losses and a deterioration of our returns. See “ Our risk management strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk. ” • Business Mix : We engage in a diverse mix of businesses with a broad range of potential credit exposure. Because we originate a relatively greater proportion of consumer loans in our loan portfolio compared to other large bank peers and originate both prime and subprime credit card accounts and auto loans, we may experience higher delinquencies and a greater number of accounts charging off, as well as greater fluctuations in those metrics, compared to other large bank peers, which could result in increased credit losses, operating costs and regulatory scrutiny. Additionally, a change in this business mix over time to include proportionally more consumer loans or subprime credit card accounts or auto loans could adversely affect the credit quality of our loan portfolios. • Counterparty Credit Risk : In addition to consumer credit risk, we are exposed to counterparty credit risk arising from business-facing activities, including our operation of the Global Payment Network and related arrangements. These activities include purchasing for our investment securities portfolio, entering into derivative transactions to manage our market risk exposure and to accommodate customers, extending short-term advances on syndication activity including bridge financing transactions we have underwritten, depositing certain operational cash balances in other financial institutions, executing certain foreign exchange transactions and extending customer overdrafts. If one or more of these counterparties fail to perform on their obligations to us, for example, by failing to meet settlement, reimbursement or guarantee obligations, or by experiencing financial or operational distress, we could experience losses, delayed or disrupted settlement of transactions, increased funding and liquidity needs, higher credit losses or other adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Increasing Charge-off Recognition/Allowance for Credit Losses : We account for the allowance for credit losses according to accounting and regulatory guidelines and rules, including Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) standards and the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (“FFIEC”) Account Management Guidance. We measure our allowance for credit losses under the current expected credit losses (“CECL”) standard, which is based on management’s best estimate of expected lifetime credit losses. The impact of measuring our allowance for credit losses on our results will depend on the characteristics of our financial instruments, economic conditions, and our economic and loss forecasts. 29 Capital One Financial Corporation (COF) Table of Contents • Insufficient Asset Values : The collateral we have on secured loans could be insufficient to compensate us for credit losses. When customers default on their secured loans, we attempt to recover collateral where permissible and appropriate. However, the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to compensate us for the amount of the unpaid loan, and we may be unsuccessful in recovering the remaining balance from our customers. Decreases in real estate and other asset values adversely affect the collateral value for our commercial lending activities, while the auto business is similarly exposed to collateral risks arising from the auction markets that determine used car prices. Borrowers may be less likely to continue making payments on loans if the value of the property used as collateral for the loan is less than what the borrower owes, even if the borrower is still financially able to make the payments. In that circumstance, the recovery of such property could be insufficient to compensate us for the value of these loans upon a default. For example, high vacancy rates in commercial properties may affect the value of commercial real estate, including by causing the value of properties securing commercial real estate loans to be less than the amounts owed on such loans. In our auto business, business and economic conditions that negatively affect household incomes and savings, housing prices and consumer behavior, as well as technological advances that make older cars obsolete faster, could decrease (i) the demand for new and/or used vehicles and (ii) the value of the collateral underlying our portfolio of auto loans, which could cause the number of consumers who become delinquent or default on their loans to increase. • Geographic and Industry Concentration : Although our consumer lending is geographically diversified, approximately 36% of our commercial real estate loan portfolio is concentrated in the Northeast region. The regional economic conditions in the Northeast affect the demand for our commercial products and services as well as the ability of our customers to repay their commercial real estate loans and the value of the collateral securing these loans. An economic downturn, prolonged period of slow economic growth, catastrophic event or natural disaster that disproportionately affects the Northeast region could have a material adverse effect on the performance of our commercial real estate loan portfolio and our results of operations. In addition, our Commercial Banking strategy includes an industry-specific focus. If any of the industries that we focus on experience changes, we may experience increased credit losses and our results of operations could be adversely impacted. Capital and Liquidity Risk We may not be able to maintain adequate capital or liquidity levels or may become subject to revised capital or liquidity requirements, which could have a negative impact on our financial results and our ability to return capital to our stockholders. Financial institutions are subject to extensive and complex capital and liquidity requirements, which are subject to change. These requirements affect our ability to lend, grow deposit balances, make acquisitions and distribute capital. Failure to maintain adequate capital or liquidity levels, whether due to adverse developments in our business or the economy or to changes in the applicable requirements, could subject us to a variety of restrictions and/or remedial actions imposed by our regulators. These include limitations on the ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares and the issuance of a capital directive to increase capital. Such limitations or capital directive could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For example, changes to applicable capital, liquidity or other regulations, such as the Basel III Finalization Proposal, could result in increased regulatory capital requirements, operating expenses or cost of funding, which could negatively affect our financial results or our ability to distribute capital. We consider various factors in the management of capital, including the impact of both internal and supervisory stress scenarios on our capital levels as determined by our internal modeling and the Federal Reserve’s estimation of losses in supervisory stress scenarios that are used to annually set our stress capital buffer requirement. Although the Federal Reserve has issued the Stress Testing Transparency Proposal, there can be significant differences between our modeling and the Federal Reserve’s projections for a given supervisory stress scenario and between the capital needs suggested by our internal stress scenarios and the supervisory stress scenarios. Therefore, although our estimated capital levels under stress disclosed as part of the stress testing processes may suggest that we have a particular capacity to return capital to stockholders and remain well capitalized under stress, the Federal Reserve’s modeling, our internal modeling of another scenario or other factors related to our capital management process may reflect a lower capacity to return capital to stockholders than that indicated by the projections released in the stress testing processes. This, in turn, could lead to restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and engage in repurchases of our common stock. See “Part I—Item 1. Business—Supervision and Regulation” for additional information. We also consider various factors in the management of liquidity, including maintaining sufficient liquid assets to meet the requirements of several internal and regulatory stress tests. Regulatory liquidity stress testing, regulatory liquidity requirements 30 Capital One Financial Corporation (COF) Table of Contents and internal stress tests may, therefore, require us to take actions to increase our liquid assets or alter our activities or funding sources, which could negatively affect our financial results or our ability to return capital to our stockholders. See “Part I—Item 1. Business—Supervision and Regulation” for additional information. Additionally, growth in our total consolidated assets (including as a result of our acquisition of Discover) or cross-jurisdictional activity could affect the Company’s continued classification as a Category III institution. If the Company were to have $700 billion or more in total consolidated assets or $75 billion or more in cross-jurisdictional activity, each as measured based on the average for the four most recent calendar quarters, the Company and the Bank would become subject to more stringent capital and liquidity regulations as a Category II institution and Category II bank, respectively. For example, if the Company were to become a Category II institution, each of the Company and Bank would become subject to the full LCR requirement, which would multiply its total net cash flows by an outflow adjustment percentage of 100% (rather than 85%), and the full NSFR requirement, which would require it to maintain an available stable funding in an amount at least equal to 100% (rather than 85%) of its required stable funding, as well as required daily (rather than monthly) liquidity reporting. In addition, unlike Category III institutions, Category II institutions are not permitted to exclude AOCI from regulatory capital calculations and are subject to a more stringent capital deductions framework as well as the advanced approaches framework under the current Basel III Capital Rules. Although the Company is currently a Category III institution, we cannot predict with certainty whether or when future growth will result in its exceeding the applicable thresholds for classification as a Category II institution. Limitations on our ability to receive dividends from our subsidiaries could affect our liquidity and ability to pay dividends and repurchase our common stock. We are a separate and distinct legal entity from our subsidiaries, including, without limitation, the Bank and our broker-dealer subsidiaries. Dividends to us from these direct and indirect subsidiaries have represented a major source of funds for us to pay dividends on our common and preferred stock, repurchase our common stock, make payments on corporate debt securities and meet other obligations. These capital distributions may be limited by law, regulation or supervisory policy. There are various federal law limitations on the extent to which the Bank can finance or otherwise supply funds to us through dividends and loans. These limitations include minimum regulatory capital and capital buffer requirements, federal banking law requirements concerning the payment of dividends out of net profits or surplus, and Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation W governing transactions between an insured depository institution and its affiliates, as well as general federal regulatory oversight to prevent unsafe or unsound practices. Our broker-dealer subsidiaries are also subject to laws and regulations, including net capital requirements, that may limit their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. If our subsidiaries’ earnings are not sufficient to make dividend payments to us while maintaining adequate capital levels, our liquidity may be affected and we may not be able to make dividend payments to our common or preferred stockholders, repurchase our common stock, make payments on outstanding corporate debt securities or meet other obligations, each and any of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, our financial position or the perception of our financial health. The frequency and size of any future dividends to our stockholders and our stock repurchases will depend upon any applicable regul
[...TRUNCATED...]