TICKER=COHR|YEAR=2025|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2025/COHR_2025-08-15.htm.gz
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS The following are certain risk factors that could affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. These risk factors should be considered along with any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, because these factors could cause our actual results or financial condition to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. The following discussion is not an all-inclusive listing of risks, although we believe these are the material risks that we face. If any of the following occur, our business, results of operations, financial position, or cash flows could be adversely affected. You should carefully consider these factors, as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, when evaluating an investment in our securities. Risks Related to Our Business, Operations and Industry Our competitive position depends on our ability to develop new products and processes and may require significant investment. To meet our strategic objectives, we must develop, manufacture, and market new products and continue to update our existing products and processes to keep pace with sudden increases and decreases in market demand and other market developments and to address increasingly sophisticated customer requirements in rapidly evolving technologies. Our success in developing and selling new and enhanced products and processes depends upon a variety of factors, including strategic product selection, efficient completion of product design and development, timely implementation of manufacturing and assembly processes, effective sales and marketing, and high-quality and successful product performance in the market. The introduction by our competitors of products or processes using new developments that are better or lower cost than ours could render our products or processes obsolete or unmarketable. We intend to continue to make significant investments in research, development, and engineering to achieve our goals. There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop and introduce new products or enhancements to our existing products and processes in a manner which satisfies customer needs or achieves market acceptance. The failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our ability to grow our business and maintain our competitive position and on our results of operations and/or financial condition. We continuously monitor the marketplace for strategic opportunities, and our business strategy includes expanding our product lines and markets through both internal product development and acquisitions. Consequently, we expect to continue to consider strategic acquisitions of businesses, products, or technologies complementary to our business. This may require significant investments of management time and financial resources. If market demand is outside our organic capabilities, if a strategic acquisition is required and we cannot identify one or execute on it, and/or if financial investments that we undertake distract management, do not result in the expected return on investment, expose us to unforeseen liabilities, or jeopardize our ability to comply with our credit facility covenants due to any inability to integrate the business, adjust to operating a larger and more complex organization, adapt to additional political and other requirements associated with the acquired business, retain staff, or work with customers, we could suffer a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We continue to make investments in programs with the goal of gaining a greater share of end markets, including the key components for fast growth markets. We cannot guarantee that our investments in capital and capabilities will be sufficient. The potential end markets, as well as our ability to gain market share in such markets, may not materialize on the timeline anticipated or at all. We cannot be sure of the end market price, specification, or yield for products incorporating our technologies. Our technologies could fail to fulfill, partially or completely, our target customers’ specifications. We cannot guarantee the end market customers’ acceptance of our technologies. Further, we may be unable to fulfill the terms of our contracts with our target customers, which could result in penalties of a material nature, including damages, loss of market share, and loss of reputation. A significant portion of our business is subject to cyclical market factors and we may fail to accurately estimate the size and growth rate of our markets and our customers’ demands. Our business is dependent on the demand for products produced by end-users of communications, industrial, instrumentation and electronics markets. Many of these end-users are in industries that have historically experienced a highly cyclical demand for their products. We make significant decisions based on our estimates of customer requirements. We use our estimates to determine the levels of business we seek and accept, production schedules, personnel needs, and other resource requirements. Our markets are characterized by extensive research and development, rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions, changes in customer requirements and evolving industry standards. The nature of these markets require significant research and development expenses to participate, with substantial resources invested in advance of material sales of our products to our customers. To compete effectively, we must continually address the challenges of dynamic and accelerating market trends and competitive developments. Otherwise, our product offerings may become less competitive given the frequent introduction of alternative or more cost-effective technologies. Because this industry is subject to rapid change, it is difficult to predict its potential size or future growth rate. We cannot ensure that our expenditures for research and development will result in the launch of new products or, if such products are introduced, that those products will achieve sufficient market acceptance 16 or generate sales to offset the costs of development. Our failure to address rapid technological changes in our markets, or the failure of either our customers’ or our products to gain market acceptance, or the failure of the markets in which we participate to grow could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, customers may require rapid increases in production on short notice. We may not be able to purchase sufficient supplies or allocate sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet such increases in demand. Rapid customer ramp-up and significant increases in demand may strain our resources or negatively affect our margins. Inability to satisfy customer demand in a timely manner may harm our reputation, reduce our other opportunities, damage our relationships with customers, reduce revenue growth, and/or cause us to incur contractual penalties. Alternatively, downturns in the industries in which we compete, or changes in technology, may cause our customers to significantly and abruptly reduce their demand, or even cancel orders. For example, the artificial intelligence industry is rapidly evolving, with continuous improvements in algorithms, software efficiencies and hardware capabilities. Emerging AI technologies, such as those demonstrated by DeepSeek, may allow for complex AI operations to be executed with significantly less computing power than is currently required. This reduction in computational intensity could decrease the demand for services provided by AI datacenters that are our customers. Shifts like these could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as we base many of our operating decisions including, but not limited to, those regarding manufacturing capacity and staffing, and enter into purchase commitments, on the basis of anticipated revenue trends. With respect to orders we initiate with our suppliers to address anticipated demand from our customers, certain suppliers may have required noncancellable purchase commitments or advance payments from us, and those obligations and commitments could reduce our ability to adjust our inventory or expense levels to reflect declining market demands. Should revenues in future periods fall substantially below our expectations, or should we fail to accurately forecast changes in demand mix, we could be required to record substantial charges for obsolete or excess inventories or noncancellable purchase commitments. Because certain of our sales, research and development, and internal manufacturing overhead expenses are relatively fixed, a reduction in customer demand likely would decrease our gross margins and operating income. We contract with a number of large end-user service providers and product companies that have considerable bargaining power, which may require us to agree to terms and conditions that could have an adverse effect on our business or ability to recognize revenues. Any loss, cancellation, reduction, or delay in purchases by these large customers could harm the longevity of our business. A small number of customers have consistently accounted for a significant portion of our revenues, with two customers each contributing more than 10% of total revenues in fiscal 2025. Our success will depend on our continued ability to develop and manage relationships with our large customers and their continued need for our products. Although we are attempting to expand our customer base, we expect that significant customer concentration will continue for the foreseeable future. We may not be able to offset any decline in revenues from our existing large customers with revenues from new customers, and our quarterly results may be volatile because we are dependent on large orders from these customers that may be reduced, delayed, or cancelled. The markets in which we have historically sold our optical subsystems and components products are dominated by a relatively small number of systems manufacturers, thereby limiting the number of our potential customers. Our dependence on large orders from a relatively small number of large customers makes our relationship with each large customer critically important to our business. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain our large customers, attract additional large customers, or that our large customers will be successful in selling their products that incorporate our products. In addition, governmental trade action or economic sanctions may limit or preclude our ability to do business with certain large customers. We have in the past experienced delays and reductions in orders from some of our large customers. In addition, our large customers have in the past sought price concessions from us, and we expect that they will continue to do so in the future. Cost and expense reduction measures that we have implemented over the past several years, and additional action we are taking to reduce costs, may adversely affect our ability to introduce new and improved products, which may, in turn, adversely affect our relationships with some of our large customers. Further, some of our large customers may in the future shift their purchases of products from us to our competitors or to joint ventures between these customers and our competitors, or may in certain circumstances produce competitive products themselves. The loss of one or more of our large customers, any reduction or delay in sales to these customers, our inability to successfully develop relationships with additional customers, or future price concessions that we may make could significantly harm our business. Large end-user service providers and product companies comprise a significant portion of our customer base. These large customers generally have greater purchasing power than smaller customers and, accordingly, often negotiate more favorable terms from suppliers, including us. As we seek to expand our sales to existing and new large customers, we may be required to agree to terms and conditions that are more favorable to these customers and that may affect the timing of our ability to recognize revenue, increase our costs, and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, large customers have increased buying power and ability to negotiate onerous terms into our contracts with them, including pricing, warranties, indemnification and production capability terms. If we are unable to satisfy the terms of these contracts, it could result in liabilities of a material nature, including litigation, damages, additional costs, loss of market share, 17 and loss of reputation. Additionally, the terms these large customers require, such as most-favored customer or exclusivity provisions, may impact our ability to do business with other customers and generate revenues from such customers. Products that fail to meet specifications, are defective, or are otherwise incompatible with end uses could impose significant costs on us. Products that do not meet specifications or that contain, or are perceived by our customers to contain, defects or that are otherwise incompatible with end uses could impose significant costs on us or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. From time to time, we experience problems with nonconforming, defective, or incompatible products after we have shipped such products. In recent periods, we have further diversified and expanded our product offerings, which could potentially increase the chance that one or more of our products could fail to meet specifications in a particular application. Our products and solutions may be deemed fully or partially responsible for functionality in our customers’ products and may result in sharing or shifting of product or financial liability from our customers to us for costs incurred by the end user as a result of our customers’ products failing to perform as specified. In addition, if our products and solutions perform critical functions in our customers’ products our potential liability may increase. We could be adversely affected in several ways, including the following: • we may be required or agree to compensate customers for costs incurred or damages caused by defective or incompatible products and to replace products; • we could incur a decrease in revenue or adjustment to pricing commensurate with the reimbursement of such costs or alleged damages; and • we may encounter adverse publicity, which could cause a decrease in sales of our products or harm our reputation or relationships with existing or potential customers. Any of the foregoing items could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We may encounter increased competition, and we may fail to accurately estimate our competitors’ or our customers’ willingness and capability to backward integrate into our competencies and thereby displace us. We may encounter substantial competition from other companies in the same market, including established companies with significant resources. Some of our competitors may have financial, technical, marketing, or other capabilities that are more extensive than ours. They may be able to respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and other competitive pressures. We may not be able to compete successfully against our present or future competitors. Our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Global economic downturns may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Downturns in regional or worldwide economies, due to inflation, geopolitics, major central bank policy actions including interest rate increases, public health crises, or other factors, have harmed our business in the past and current and future downturns could also adversely affect our business. Adverse economic conditions affect demand for our products and devices that incorporate our products, Reduced demand for these or other products could result in significant decreases in our product sales. In addition, to the extent our customers have elevated inventory levels or are impacted by deterioration in credit markets, we may experience a decrease in short-term and/or long-term demand resulting in industry oversupply and declines in pricing for our products. A deterioration of conditions in regional or worldwide credit markets could limit our ability to obtain external financing to fund our operations and capital expenditures. Difficult economic conditions may also result in a higher rate of losses on our accounts receivable due to credit defaults. Additionally, our current or future customers may experience cash flow problems and as a result may modify, delay, or cancel plans to purchase our products. Any inability of our current or future customers to pay us for our products may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow. As a result, downturns in regional or worldwide economies could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We depend on highly complex manufacturing processes that require strategic materials, components, and products from limited sources of supply. Our operations are dependent upon a supply chain of difficult-to-make or difficult-to-refine products and materials, including integrated circuits, mechanical housings and optical components, and some of our product inflow is subject to yield reductions from growth or fabrication losses, and thus the quantities we may receive are not consistently predictable. Customers may also change a specification for a product that our suppliers cannot meet which may limit and/or otherwise impact our ability to supply such customers. Some of our products require designs and specifications that are at the cutting-edge of available technologies and change frequently to meet rapidly evolving market demands. By their very nature, the types of components used in such products can be difficult and unpredictable to manufacture and may only be available from a single supplier, which increases the risk that we may not obtain such components in a timely manner. Identifying alternative sources of supply for certain components could be 18 difficult and costly, result in management distraction in assisting our current and future suppliers to meet our and our customers’ technical requirements, and cause delays in shipments of our products while we identify, evaluate and test the products of alternative suppliers. Any such delay in shipment would result in a delay or cancellation of our ability to convert such orders into revenues. Furthermore, financial or other difficulties faced by these suppliers or significant changes in demand for these components or materials could limit their availability. We continue to consolidate our supply base and move supplier locations. When we transition locations, we may increase our inventory of such products as a “safety stock” during the transition, which may cause the amount of inventory reflected on our balance sheet to increase. Additionally, many of our customers rely on sole source suppliers. In the event of a disruption of our customers’ supply chain, orders from our customers could decrease or be delayed. We also make products of which we are one of the world’s largest suppliers. We use high-quality, optical-grade ZnSe in the production of many of our IR optical products. We are a leading producer of ZnSe for our internal use and for external sale. The production of ZnSe is a complex process requiring a highly controlled environment. A number of factors, including defective or contaminated materials, could adversely affect our ability to achieve acceptable manufacturing yields of high-quality ZnSe. Lack of adequate availability of high-quality ZnSe could have a material adverse effect upon our business. There can be no assurance that we will not experience manufacturing yield inefficiencies that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. In addition, we use rare earth minerals and produce and use high-purity and relatively uncommon materials and compounds to manufacture our products, including, but not limited to, ZnS, GaAs, yttrium aluminum garnet, yttrium lithium fluoride, calcium fluoride, germanium, selenium, telluride, Bi2Te3, and SiC. A significant failure of our internal production processes or our suppliers to deliver sufficient quantities of these necessary materials (including, in the case of rare earth minerals, as a consequence of their limited diminished availability or as a result of export controls on such materials) on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We manufacture some of the components that we incorporate into our subsystem products; in other cases, we provide components to contract manufacturers to produce finished or intermediary goods. For some of the components and finished or intermediary goods, we are the sole qualified manufacturer. Our manufacturing processes are highly complex, and quality issues are often difficult to forecast, detect, and correct. From time to time we have experienced problems achieving acceptable yields in our manufacturing facilities, resulting in delays in the availability of our products. In addition, if we experience problems with our manufacturing facilities, it would be costly and require a long period of time to move the manufacture of these components and finished good products to a different facility or contract manufacturer, which could result in interruptions in supply and would likely materially impact our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, for a variety of reasons, including changes in circumstances at our contract manufacturers or our own business strategies, we may voluntarily, or be required to, transfer the manufacturing of certain products to other manufacturing sites. Changes in manufacturing processes are often required due to changes in product specifications, yield improvements, changing customer needs, and the introduction of new products. These changes may reduce manufacturing yields at our contract manufacturers and at our own manufacturing facilities, resulting in reduced margins on and/or reduced availability of those products. Also, our ability to control the quality of products produced by contract manufacturers may be limited and quality issues may not be resolved in a timely manner, which could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. In addition, many of our products are sourced from suppliers based outside of the United States, primarily in Asia. Uncertainty with respect to tax and trade policies, tariffs, and government regulations affecting trade between the United States and other countries has recently increased. Major developments in tax policy or trade relations, such as the imposition of tariffs on imported products, could increase our product and product-related costs or require us to seek alternative suppliers, either of which could result in decreased sales or increased product and product-related costs. Significant political, trade, regulatory developments, and other circumstances beyond our control, including as a result of recently announced tariffs, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We operate globally and sell or plan to sell our products in countries throughout the world. Significant political, trade, or regulatory developments in the jurisdictions in which we sell our products, such as those stemming from the change in the U.S. federal administration, are difficult to predict and may have a material adverse effect on us. Similarly, changes in U.S. federal policy that affect the geopolitical landscape could give rise to circumstances outside our control that could have negative impacts on our business operations. For example, in early 2025, the United States implemented significant new tariffs on foreign imports impacting multiple countries, commodities and industries, and these new tariffs and export restrictions also prompted retaliatory tariffs and export restrictions from certain countries. As of June 2025, certain tariffs and retaliatory tariffs have been delayed, but a number of the new tariffs remain in effect, including significant tariffs and trade sanctions between the United States and China. Historically, tariffs have led to increased trade and political tensions and, to date, the outcome of the negotiations between the United States and the various countries is not yet clear. Political tensions as a result of trade policies could reduce trade volume, investment, technological exchange and other economic activities between major international economies, resulting in a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets. 19 Any changes in political, trade, regulatory, and economic conditions, including U.S. trade policies, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Our business is subject to various governmental regulations. Compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense and failure to maintain compliance with applicable regulations could adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to various domestic and international laws and other legal requirements, including ant-competition and import/export regulations, such as the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”), and applicable executive orders. These laws, regulations and orders are complex, may change frequently and with limited notice, and generally become more stringent over time. The Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce (“BIS”) has issued final rules under the EAR that restrict access by Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. and certain of its affiliates (collectively, “Huawei”) to items produced domestically and abroad from certain U.S. technology, software, and equipment. These rules prevent us from selling certain products subject to the EAR to identified Huawei entities without a license issued by BIS. In January 2025, we received an inquiry from BIS concerning past product sales to Huawei; we are cooperating with BIS’s inquiry and conducting an internal review of those sales to determine what products are subject to the EAR and consequently restricted for export, reexport, and transfer when Huawei is a party to the transaction. We have stopped shipping products to Huawei, and we are in discussions with BIS regarding past product sales. At this time, we cannot predict the outcome of these discussions; cannot determine an estimate or range of loss; and we may be required to incur significant penalties and/or costs or expense to comply with, or to remedy any violations of, these regulations. The U.S. government may continue to add companies to its restricted entity list and/or technologies to its list of prohibited exports to specific countries, which have had and may in the future have an adverse effect on our revenue and our ability to sell our products. These restrictive governmental actions and any similar measures that may be imposed on U.S. companies by other governments, especially in light of ongoing trade tensions with China, will likely limit or prevent us from doing business with certain of our customers or suppliers and harm our ability to compete effectively or otherwise negatively affect our ability to sell our products. Furthermore, government authorities may take retaliatory actions, impose conditions for the supply of products or require the license or other transfer of IP, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Increases in commodity prices and diminished availability of rare earth minerals and noble gases may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of increases in commodity prices and diminished availability of rare earth minerals and noble gases. Our businesses purchase, produce, and sell raw materials based upon quoted market prices from minor metal exchanges. Trade disputes, geopolitical tensions, economic circumstances, or political conditions may limit our ability to obtain certain materials. Although rare earth and other materials are generally available from multiple suppliers, China is the predominant producer of certain of these materials. In 2024, China imposed export restrictions on certain rare earth minerals such as yttrium and germanium, which disrupted and may continue to disrupt global supply chains, driving up costs. The negative impact from increases in commodity prices and diminished availability of rare earth minerals and noble gases might not be recovered through our product sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Cybersecurity attacks and incidents and other vulnerabilities could subject us to costly damages, claims and expenses, harm to our reputation or competitive position, or disrupt our operations and business. We depend on secure information technology for our business and are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity threats and other cyber incidents affecting our operations, facilities, systems and networks, and those of our customers, suppliers and service providers, and other third parties. We have experienced cybersecurity incidents and some of these have resulted in data breaches. Thus far, none of these incidents or breaches have materially affected our ability to conduct our business, our results of operations, or our financial condition. However, we continue to face cyber and other security threats. Particularly in light of the nature of our industry, size of our company and workforce, reliance on third party suppliers and information technology and the global scope of our operations, we expect we will be subject to additional cyber-attacks and other security incidents in the future, including from nation states and non-state actors. While we continue to invest in the cybersecurity and resiliency of our networks and to enhance our internal controls and processes designed to help protect our systems and infrastructure, and the information they contain, given the complex, ongoing, and evolving nature of cyber and other security threats, these efforts may not be fully effective, particularly against previously unknown vulnerabilities and third party risks that go undetected for an extended period of time. Our information technology and cybersecurity program also incorporate and rely on technology, products and services that are provided by service providers and other third parties (“third parties”), which means that Company is susceptible to certain vulnerabilities, outages and other incidents impacting these third parties and the technology, products and services they provide (“third party technology”). Further, our customers, vendors and other service providers also rely on third-party technology, which means that we may also be impacted by incidents affecting the third-party technology that our customers, vendors and service providers use and rely on. In some cases, our customers, vendors and other service providers may rely on the same 20 third-party technology as we do, which means that outages, errors and other incidents impacting third parties and third party technology can impact both us, as well as our customers, vendors and service providers, which can have a compounding effect. Cyber events (including cybersecurity incidents, breaches, outages and other incidents), if not prevented or effectively mitigated, have caused and could cause harm and require remedial actions. They could also damage our reputation, disrupt performance, impact our ability to obtain future insurance coverage, and lead to loss of business, regulatory actions, liabilities or other financial losses, for which we do not have adequate sources of recovery. The occurrence and impact of these various risks are difficult to predict, but one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We may be adversely impacted by any of the multiple uncertainties and outcomes associated with the use and evolution of Artificial Intelligence (“AI”). We are increasingly incorporating AI capabilities into the development of technologies and our business operations, and into our products and services. AI technology is complex and rapidly evolving, and may expose us to significant competitive, legal, regulatory, and other risks. The implementation of AI can be costly and there is no guarantee that our use of AI will enhance our technologies, benefit our business operations, or produce products and services that are preferred by our customers. AI will likely increase or change the competitive environment in our markets. Our competitors may be more successful in their AI strategy or they may have access to greater AI resources or technology and develop superior products and services. Additionally, AI algorithms or training methodologies may be flawed, and datasets may contain irrelevant, insufficient or biased information, which can cause errors in outputs. AI is also the subject of an evolving set of legal requirements and regulations in various jurisdictions around the world in which we operate, and we may be subject to new and conflicting laws and regulations relating to AI. Any of these matters may create compliance risks, give rise to legal liability, damage our reputation, and materially harm our business. Natural disasters or other global or regional catastrophic events could disrupt our operations, give rise to substantial environmental hazards, and adversely affect our results. We and our subcontractors manufacture products using highly complex processes that require technologically advanced equipment and continuous modification to improve yields and performance. Difficulties in the manufacturing process or the effects from a shift in product mix can reduce yields or disrupt production and may increase our manufacturing costs. We and our subcontractors maintain operations and continuously implement new product and process technologies at manufacturing facilities, which are widely dispersed in multiple locations in several countries including the United States, Germany, Malaysia, and China. As a result of the interdependence within our network of manufacturing facilities, an operational disruption at one of our or a subcontractor’s facilities may have a disproportionate impact on our ability to produce many of our products. From time to time, there have been disruptions in our manufacturing operations as a result of power outages, improperly functioning equipment, disruptions in supply of raw materials or components, or equipment failures. We have manufacturing and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences and possible climate changes, such as severe and variable weather and geological events resulting in increased costs, or disruptions to our manufacturing operations or those of our suppliers or customers. In addition, climate change may pose physical risks to our manufacturing facilities or our suppliers’ facilities, including increased extreme weather events that could result in supply delays or disruptions. Other events, including political or public health crises, such as an outbreak of contagious diseases, may also affect our production capabilities or that of our suppliers, including as a result of quarantines, closures of production facilities, lack of supplies, or delays caused by restrictions on travel or shipping. Events of the types noted above have occurred from time to time and, because these risks are a characteristic of our business, they may occur in the future. As a result, in addition to disruptions to operations, our insurance premiums may increase or we may not be able to fully recover any sustained losses through insurance. We may be unable to successfully implement our acquisitions strategy, integrate acquired companies and personnel with existing operations, or capitalize on any decision to strategically divest one or more current businesses. We have completed acquisitions and divestitures in the past, including most recently the acquisition of Coherent, Inc. in July 2022. We expect to expand and diversify our operations with additional acquisitions, but we may be unable to identify or complete prospective acquisitions for many reasons, including increasing competition from other potential acquirers, the effects of consolidation in our industries, and potentially high valuations of acquisition candidates. In addition, applicable competition laws and other regulations may limit our ability to acquire targets, integrate businesses, or force us to divest an acquired business line. If we are unable to identify suitable targets or complete acquisitions, our growth prospects may suffer, and we may not be able to realize sufficient scale and technological advantages to compete effectively in all markets. To the extent that we complete acquisitions, the success of our acquisitions will depend in large part on our success in integrating the acquired operations, strategies, technologies, and personnel. We may be unsuccessful in integrating acquired companies or product lines with existing operations, or may fail to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of an acquisition if the integration process is more difficult or more costly than anticipated. If we fail to meet the challenges involved 21 in successfully integrating any acquired operations or to otherwise realize any of the anticipated benefits of an acquisition, including any expected cost savings and synergies, our operations could be impaired. In addition, the overall integration of an acquired business can be a time-consuming and expensive process that, without proper planning and effective and timely implementation, could significantly disrupt our business. Some of the risks that may affect our ability to integrate or realize anticipated benefits from acquired companies, businesses, or assets include those associated with: • a significant negative financial result from the acquired company relative to our pre-acquisition expectations, including potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired company; • retaining key employees and existing customers of the acquired company; • standardizing the combined company’s standards, processes, procedures, and controls, including integrating enterprise resource planning systems and other key business applications; • coordinating new product and process development; • integrating management teams, strategies, technologies and operations, products, services, and corporate cultures; • increasing complexity from combining operations; • increasing the scope, geographic diversity, and complexity of our operations; • difficulties in consolidating facilities and transferring processes and know-how; • diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns; and • actions we may take in connection with acquisitions, such as: • using a significant portion of our available cash; • issuing equity securities, which would dilute current shareholders’ percentage ownership; • incurring significant debt; • incurring or assume contingent liabilities, known or unknown, including potential lawsuits, infringement actions, or similar liabilities; • incurring impairment charges related to goodwill or other intangibles; and • facing antitrust or other regulatory inquiries or actions. Our success requires us to attract, retain, and develop key personnel and maintain good relations with our employees. We are highly dependent upon the experience and continuing services of certain scientists, engineers, production, sales, and management personnel. Competition for the services of these personnel is intense. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain or attract the personnel necessary for our success. The loss of the services of our key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our failure to execute on our succession planning may affect our ability to maintain our differentiated knowledge base. Actions that we are taking to restructure our business in alignment with our strategic priorities may not be as effective as anticipated. In May 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan (the “2023 Plan”) which includes site consolidations, facilities movements and closures, and the relocation and requalification of certain manufacturing facilities. Commencing in the quarter ended March 31, 2025, and as part of the ongoing strategic review of our business discussed during our earnings call for the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our management approved a plan to take a number of restructuring actions, including site consolidations, facilities moves and closures, workforce reductions, contract terminations and certain other associated cost reductions (the “2025 Plan,” and together with the 2023 Plan, the “Restructuring Plans”). While the Restructuring Plans and other proactive cost reduction measures that we plan to take are intended to realign our cost structure as part of a transformation to a simpler, more streamlined, resilient and sustainable business model, we may encounter challenges in the execution of these efforts that could prevent us from recognizing the intended benefits of such efforts. As a result of the 2023 Plan, we have incurred approximately $200 million of pre-tax charges in fiscal years 2023 to 2025 primarily as a result of the reduction in force and facility consolidations related to the closure and relocation of sites. We also have incurred, and may continue to incur, additional costs in the near term, including cash payments related to severance, employee benefits and employee transition costs, as well as non-cash charges for share-based compensation expense. The Restructuring Plans may result in other unintended consequences, including higher than anticipated costs in implementing planned workforce reductions, particularly in highly regulated locations outside the United States; higher than anticipated lease termination and facility closure costs; employee attrition beyond our intended reduction in force; and decreased employee morale among our remaining employees; diversion of management attention; adverse effects to our reputation as an employer which could make it more difficult for us to hire new employees in the future; loss of the institutional knowledge and expertise of departing employees; failure to maintain adequate controls and procedures while executing, and subsequent to completing, the Restructuring Plans; and potential failure or delays to meet operational and growth targets due to the loss of qualified employees. 22 If we experience any of these adverse consequences, the Restructuring Plans and other cost reduction initiatives that we may undertake may not achieve or sustain the intended benefits. Our failure to achieve the expected results from the Restructuring Plans and other cost reduction initiatives for any reason also could lead to the implementation of additional restructuring-related activities in the future, which may exacerbate these risks or introduce new risks which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. If our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, we review our intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are required to be tested for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered in determining whether a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets may not be recoverable include declines in our stock price and market capitalization or future cash flows projections. A decline in our stock price, or any other adverse change in market conditions, particularly if such change has the effect of changing one of the critical assumptions or estimates we used to calculate the estimated fair v
[...TRUNCATED...]