TICKER=COO|YEAR=2025|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2025/COO_2025-12-05.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our business faces significant risks. These risks include those described below and may include additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks, and the trading prices of our common stock could decline by virtue of these risks. These risks should be read in conjunction with the other information in this report. Risks Relating to Our Business Current market conditions and recessionary pressures in one or more of our markets could impact our ability to grow our business. Over the last few years in the United States and globally, market and economic conditions have been challenging. The United States and foreign countries have experienced recessionary pressures and face continued concerns about the systemic impacts of adverse economic conditions and geopolitical issues. Any negative impact on economic conditions and international markets, continued volatility or deterioration in the debt and equity capital markets, inflation, deflation or other adverse economic conditions may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. It may limit our ability to replace maturing liabilities and to access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Ongoing uncertain economic and financial market conditions may also adversely affect the financial condition of our customers, suppliers and other business partners. When our customers’ financial conditions are adversely affected, customers may reduce their purchases of our products or we may not be able to collect accounts receivable, each of which could have a material adverse impact on our business. Our global business has been negatively affected by local economic conditions, including inflation, increasing labor costs, recession, and currency exchange rate fluctuations, which has adversely affected our cost to manufacture and provide our products and services and revenues generated through sales of such products and services. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to fully absorb any such additional costs or revenue declines in the prices for our products and services. CooperVision and CooperSurgical are encountering consolidation in their customer bases and emergence of more centralized large customer groups and retail chains. Due to this trend, global and regional key account customers now represent a larger proportion or concentration of our business and any disruption to these relationships may have a material adverse impact on our business. Inflation could materially adversely affect our business. Our operating results could be materially impacted by changes in the overall macroeconomic environment and other economic factors that impact our cost structure and revenue. Changes in economic conditions, supply chain constraints, logistics challenges, labor shortages, international conflicts, and steps taken by governments and central banks, as well as other stimulus and spending programs, have led to higher inflation, which is likely to lead to an increase in costs and may cause changes in fiscal and monetary policy, including increased interest rates. In a higher inflationary environment, we may be unable to raise the prices of our products and services sufficiently to keep up with the rate of inflation. Our substantial and expanding international operations are subject to uncertainties which could affect our business. A significant portion of our current operations are conducted and located outside the United States, and our growth strategy involves expanding our existing foreign operations and entering into new foreign jurisdictions. We have significant manufacturing and distribution sites in North America, Latin America and Europe. Approximately half of our net sales for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2025, and 2024, were derived from the sale of products outside the United States. We believe that sales outside the United States will continue to account for a material portion of our total net sales for the foreseeable future. International operations and business expansion plans are subject to numerous additional risks, including the following: • difficulty managing a large organization spread throughout various countries; • fluctuations in currency exchange rates adversely affecting our results; • challenges associated with enforcing intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; • difficulty gaining market share in countries such as China because of regulatory restrictions and customer preferences; 20 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES • difficulty growing our sales in emerging markets such as China, India, Russia, Brazil and other developing nations due to, among other things, customer acceptance, undeveloped and/or unfamiliar distribution channels, regulatory restrictions and changes, and business knowledge of these new markets; • foreign earnings being subject to withholding requirements or the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions, including the tariffs enacted by the Chinese government on certain U.S. goods, the scope and duration of which remain uncertain; • challenges in complying with a variety of international legal, compliance and regulatory requirements such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the UK Bribery Act, international data security and privacy laws, EU MDR and EU IVDR and environmental laws and requirements applicable to our facilities, products or manufacturing processes, including evolving regulations regarding the use of hazardous substances or chemicals in our products; • the need to engage third-party agents or intermediaries to act on our behalf in certain countries, including in those countries with a high risk of corruption; • foreign customers creating longer payment cycles than customers in the United States; • failure to comply with U.S. Department of Commerce and other nations' import-export controls may result in fines and/or penalties; • general economic and political conditions in the countries where we operate having an adverse effect on our operations in those countries or being unfavorable to our growth strategy; • international conflicts, acts or threats of war or terrorism may lead to significant market and other disruptions, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability, trade disputes or trade barriers, embargoes, changes in consumer or purchase preferences, as well as an increase in cyberattacks and espionage; • challenges in complying with new and evolving international economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations; • natural disasters, pandemics and labor disruptions, the duration and severity of which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict; • foreign governments adopting regulations, including those similar to the EU MDR and EU IVDR or take other actions that would have a direct or indirect adverse impact on our business and market opportunities, including but not limited to increased enforcement of potentially conflicting and ambiguous anti-bribery and privacy laws; • challenges enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through some foreign legal systems; and • unforeseen economic or political events in certain countries that may have an impact on our customers' ability or preferences to buy our products. As we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. However, any of these factors could adversely affect our international operations and, consequently, our business. Economic and trade sanctions, including tariff and import/export regulations by the U.S. and foreign governments, could make it more difficult or costly for us to conduct our operations or achieve our business objectives. Our business must be conducted in compliance with applicable economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations, including those administered and enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the United Nations Security Council, and other relevant governmental authorities. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit altogether the sale or supply of certain of our products to certain governments, persons, entities, countries, and territories, including those that are the target of comprehensive sanctions, unless there are license exceptions that apply or specific licenses are obtained. A failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in civil or criminal sanctions, including the imposition of fines and the denial of export privileges, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Changes in import and export policies, including new, increased or retaliatory tariffs, sanctions and countersanctions and customs restrictions by the U.S. and foreign governments, may disrupt our supply chain, adversely affect our relationships with customers and impact our competitiveness. It may be time-consuming and expensive for us to alter our business operations to adapt to or comply with any such changes. If we are unable to effectively manage these risks, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 21 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Acquisitions and other strategic transactions that we have made and may make in the future involve numerous risks. We have a history of acquiring businesses and products that have significantly contributed to our growth in recent years. As part of our growth strategy, we intend to continue to consider acquiring complementary technologies, products and businesses and establishing joint ventures or other strategic relationships. Future transactions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities and an increase in amortization and/or impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect upon our business. Risks we could face with respect to these acquisitions and other strategic transaction include: • failure to successfully obtain the anticipated revenues, margins and earnings benefits; • difficulties in, and expenses related to, the integration of the operations, technologies, information technology and other enterprise resource planning systems, products and personnel of the acquired company and establishment of appropriate accounting controls and reporting procedures, data protection systems and other regulatory compliance procedures, including but not limited to third-party compliance and due diligence; • increased leverage and the risk of lack of access to available financing, including financing for the acquisition or refinancing of debt owed by us on a timely basis and on reasonable terms; • risks of entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience; • potential loss of employees; • an inability to identify and consummate future acquisitions on favorable terms or at all; • diversion of management's attention away from other business concerns; • risks of the acquired company’s noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations; • expenses of any undisclosed or potential liabilities, contingent liabilities or indemnification obligations of the acquired company; • expenses, including restructuring expenses, to shut down our own locations or terminate our employees; • application of and compliance with new and unfamiliar regulatory frameworks; • failure to successfully obtain or maintain reimbursements under the third-party payor plans, including but not limited to governmental programs, due to complex reporting and payment obligations; • our ability to develop satisfactory working arrangements with our strategic partners in joint ventures or other affiliations; • a dilution of earnings per share; and • risks inherent in accounting allocations and the risk that we are required to record significant adjustments to the preliminary fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed within the measurement period. We face risks associated with disruption of our manufacturing, distribution and storage operations, including possible failure to develop necessary manufacturing processes, or constrained, idle or excess capacity, which could adversely affect our business. We manufacture a significant portion of the medical device products we sell. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our existing manufacturing or distribution facilities or our fertility and stem cell storage facilities, whether due to work stoppages, technical or labor difficulties, integration difficulties, destruction of or damage to any facility (as a result of natural disaster, use and storage of hazardous materials or other events), enforcement action by the FDA or other regulatory body if we are found to be in non-compliance with current cGMP, QSR or similar foreign requirements or other reasons, could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, materials such as silicone hydrogel require improvements to our manufacturing processes to make them cost-effective. While we have improved our manufacturing capabilities for our silicone hydrogel products, our failure to continue to develop improvements to our manufacturing processes and reduce our cost of goods could significantly impact our ability to compete. Conversely, constrained, excess or idle capacity, which could result from acquisitions, unexpected demand, inaccurate sales forecasting or unexpected manufacturing efficiencies, could significantly impact our profitability, capital investments, customer service levels and near-term financial condition. CooperVision manufactures molded contact lenses, which represent the majority of our contact lens revenues, primarily at our facilities in Costa Rica, Hungary, Puerto Rico, the United Kingdom and the United States, with other smaller facilities also existing in multiple locations around the world. CooperSurgical manufactures the majority of its products in Costa 22 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Rica, the United Kingdom and the United States, with other smaller locations also existing in multiple locations around the world. We manufacture certain products at only one manufacturing site for certain markets, and certain of our products are approved for manufacturing only at one site. Further, certain media products have limited storage lives, limiting inventory back-up strategies. If there were any prolonged disruption in the operations of the approved facility, it could take a significant amount of time to obtain required regulatory approvals, validate a second site and replace lost product, which could result in lost customers and thereby reduce sales, profitability and market share. CooperVision distributes products out of Belgium, Hungary, the United Kingdom and the United States and various smaller international distribution sites. CooperSurgical primarily distributes products out of its facilities in the United States and the Netherlands and operates fertility and stem cell storage facilities in the United States, Canada and Australia. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our existing distribution or storage facilities, whether due to technical or labor difficulties, challenges related to system implementation, destruction of or damage to any facility (as a result of natural disaster, use and storage of hazardous materials or other events) or other reasons, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Cybersecurity threats continue to increase in frequency and sophistication; a successful cybersecurity attack could interrupt or disrupt our information technology systems, or those of our third-party service providers, or cause the loss of confidential or protected data which could disrupt our business, force us to incur excessive costs or cause reputational harm. Security breaches, computer malware and computer hacking attacks have become more prevalent across industries and may occur on our systems or those of our third-party service providers or partners. The size and complexity of our information systems make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or vendors, or from attacks by malicious third parties. Such attacks are increasing in their frequency, levels of persistence, levels of sophistication and intensity, and are being conducted by sophisticated and organized groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise, especially given increased vulnerability of corporate information technology systems as distributed work environments have become prevalent. In addition to unauthorized access to or acquisition of personal data, confidential information, intellectual property or other sensitive information, such attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware and ransomware, and may use a variety of methods, including denial-of-service attacks, social engineering and other means, to attain such unauthorized access or acquisition or otherwise affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. Like many other companies, we experience attempted cybersecurity actions on a frequent basis, and the frequency of such attempts could increase in the future. While we have implemented procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate security threats and invested in the protection of data and information technology, we cannot be assured that our efforts will prevent or quickly identify service interruptions or security breaches. The techniques used by cybercriminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and can originate from a wide variety of sources, including outside groups such as external service providers, organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments or agencies. We cannot be assured that our data protection efforts and our investment in information technology will prevent significant breakdowns, data leakages or breaches in our systems or those of our third-party services providers or partners. Any such interruption or breach of our systems could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive confidential information, including protected health information (PHI), or intellectual property, and could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. There can be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, including our policies, controls or procedures, will be fully implemented, complied with or effective in protecting our systems and information. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems, and we cannot guarantee that applicable insurance will be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms or at all. We manage our businesses utilizing multiple complex integrated software and hardware information technology operating systems that are regularly maintained and upgraded; an interruption or disruption to these systems could disrupt our business or force us to incur excessive costs. We utilize multiple complex integrated software and hardware operating systems, including enterprise resource planning and warehouse management systems, to support our business units and we have a continuous improvement strategy in place to keep our systems and overarching technology stable and in line with business needs and growth. Regular upgrades of our computer hardware and software revisions are typical and expected. We employ controlled change management methodologies to plan, test and execute all such system upgrades and improvements, and we believe that we assign adequate staffing and other resources to projects to ensure successful implementation. However, we cannot be assured that our systems will meet our future business needs or that upgrades will operate as designed. We cannot be assured that there will not be associated excessive costs or disruptions in portions of our business in the course of our maintenance, support and/or upgrade of these systems. 23 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES We are in the midst of a multiyear process of implementing new enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems at CooperVision and CooperSurgical. Implementing a new ERP system is not only costly but complex and difficult. Implementing a new ERP system can negatively affect not only financial accounting and reporting processes but also external commercial activities such as order receipt and product delivery. We cannot be assured that we will successfully implement our new ERP system or that we will avoid these and other negative impacts from our implementation efforts. If any of such systems or programs were to experience service interruptions, fail or create erroneous information in our hardware or software network infrastructure, possible consequences include our loss of communication links, inability to track sales and interruption of other operational or financial processes, which in turn could adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation. We previously identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to an ineffective information technology (IT) general control for the U.S. operations within the CooperSurgical segment which was remediated as of October 31, 2025. We may experience additional material weakness in the future which could affect our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately and prepare financial statements within required time periods and could subject us to litigation or investigations, negatively affect investor confidence and adversely impact our stock price. Internal controls related to the operation of technology systems are critical to maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As disclosed in Part II, Item 9A, during fiscal 2024, management concluded our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of October 31, 2024 due to a material weakness in IT general controls for the CooperSurgical operations in the U.S. primarily related to the implementation and maintenance of certain enterprise resource planning systems during fiscal 2024. The material weakness resulted from not having a sufficient complement of its personnel, inadequate training of personnel and ineffective assessment of the risks related to change management, user control monitoring and segregation of duties in the affected IT environment. Manual controls that rely on system-generated data or reports from the affected IT environment or process level automated controls in the affected IT environment were ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted. In response to the material weakness, management, with the oversight of the Audit Committee, implemented steps to remediate the material weakness. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures in the future, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within required time periods, could be adversely affected, which could subject us to reputational harm, legal claims or proceedings, regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, significant costs from remedial actions, additional management resources, and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statement and adversely impact our stock price. Pricing pressure from our competitors, customers and changes in third-party coverage and reimbursement may adversely affect demand for our products and negatively impact our operating results. Competition in our industry has increased as a result of new market entrants, new technologies and as more established companies have intensified competitive pricing pressure. As a result of these competitive forces, we believe there will continue to be pricing pressure in the future. Because our CooperSurgical products are generally purchased by hospitals and surgery centers, OB/GYN medical offices and fertility clinics, and billed to various third-party payors, changes in the purchasing behavior of such customers or the amount such payors are willing to reimburse our customers for procedures using our products, including as a result of healthcare reform initiatives, could create additional pricing pressure on us. In addition to these competitive forces, we continue to see pricing pressure as our customers introduce new pricing structures into their contracts and agreements, including fixed price formulas, capitated pricing and structured pricing intended to contain healthcare costs. Such trends may adversely affect demand for our products and may drive down the prices we are able to charge for our products, both of which would negatively affect our operating results. We rely on independent suppliers and third-party logistics providers in our supply chain for raw materials, packaging materials and components, mechanical equipment and some finished goods; we could experience inventory shortages if any of these suppliers encounter a manufacturing or distribution disruption. Our businesses utilize various chemicals, packaging materials, components, parts and raw materials which are generally available from more than one source. However, in certain instances we acquire components and materials from sole or primary suppliers to make our silicone hydrogel contact lens, certain medical devices and IVF products. We also source mechanical equipment and in certain instances finished goods from original equipment manufacturers. Supply of these goods, items and materials is protected by contractual agreements, availability of alternative suppliers and/or safety stocks. However, if current suppliers fail to supply sufficient goods, items or materials to us on a timely basis, or at all for any reason, we could experience inventory shortages and disruption in our supply of products. For example, among other situations, some of the primary material used to make our silicone hydrogel contact lens products, including MyDay, 24 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Biofinity, Avaira and clariti, are supplied by few or sole suppliers, and the failure of a key or sole supplier to timely supply sufficient items and materials necessary for the manufacture of our silicone hydrogel contact lenses could in turn disrupt our supply of those lenses to the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. Our supply chain and our cost of goods also may be negatively impacted by unanticipated price increases due to factors such as inflation, including wage inflation, or to supply restrictions beyond our control or the control of our suppliers. We also rely on third-party logistics providers for storage and distribution of our components and products. Because we have limited control over their operations, any disruption in these relationships—whether due to labor shortages, transportation delays, capacity constraints—could adversely affect our ability to deliver products to customers on time and result in increased costs, reputational harm and potential liability. If we are unable to promptly transition to alternative providers in the event of a disruption, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If we fail to protect our intellectual property adequately, our business could suffer. We consider our intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, trademarks and licensing agreements, to be an integral component of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements and third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements. Our failure to obtain or maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property rights for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our business. We also may seek to enforce our intellectual property rights on others through litigation. Our claims, even if meritorious, may be found invalid or inapplicable to a party we believe infringes or has misappropriated our intellectual property rights. In addition, litigation can: • be expensive and time consuming to prosecute or defend; • result in a finding that we do not have certain intellectual property rights or that such rights lack sufficient scope or strength; • divert management's attention and resources; or • require us to license our intellectual property. We have applied for patent protection in the United States, the United Kingdom and other foreign jurisdictions relating to certain existing and proposed processes and products. We cannot be assured that any of our patent applications will be approved. Patent applications in the United States, the United Kingdom and other foreign jurisdictions are maintained in secrecy for a period of time, which may last until patents are issued, and since publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature tends to lag behind actual discoveries by several months, we cannot be certain that we will be the first creator of inventions covered by any patent application we make or the first to file patent applications on such inventions. The patents we own could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by others and may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide us with any meaningful protection or commercial advantage. We also cannot assure that we will have adequate resources to enforce our patents. Both CooperVision and CooperSurgical also rely on proprietary technology that is unpatented. It is possible that others will independently develop the same or similar technology or otherwise obtain access to our unpatented technology. To protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information, our employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators enter into confidentiality agreements and assignment agreements, which generally provide that inventions conceived by the party in the course of rendering services to us will be our exclusive property. However, we cannot be assured that these confidentiality agreements will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally obtained and is using our trade secrets is difficult, expensive and time consuming and the outcome is unpredictable. We rely on trademarks to establish a market identity for our products. To maintain the value of our trademarks, we might have to file lawsuits against third parties to prevent them from using trademarks confusingly similar to or dilutive of our registered or unregistered trademarks. We also might not be successful in obtaining registrations for our pending or future trademark applications and might have to defend our registered trademark and pending applications against challenge by third parties. Enforcing or defending our registered and unregistered trademarks might result in significant litigation costs and damages, including the inability to continue using certain trademarks. 25 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES The laws of foreign countries in which we do business or contemplate doing business in the future may not recognize intellectual property rights or protect them to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Adverse determinations in a judicial or administrative proceeding could prevent us from manufacturing and selling our products or prevent us from stopping others from manufacturing and selling competing products, and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business. Our products or processes could be subject to claims of infringement of the intellectual property of others. Our competitors in both the United States and foreign countries, some of which have substantially greater resources and have made substantial investments in competing technologies, as well as other third parties, may have applied for or obtained, or may in the future apply for and obtain, patents that will prevent, limit or otherwise interfere with our ability to make and sell our existing and planned products. In the contact lens industry, CooperVision, its competitors and other third parties hold patents covering contact lens designs, materials, processes and business methods. Claims that our products, business methods or processes infringe upon the proprietary rights of others often are not asserted until after commencement of commercial sales of products incorporating our technology. Significant litigation regarding intellectual property rights exists in our industries. For example, CooperVision in the past faced significant patent litigation over its silicone hydrogel contact lens products. Third parties have made, and may make in the future, claims of infringement against us or our contract manufacturers in connection with the use of our technology. Any claims, even those without merit, could: • be expensive and time consuming to defend; • cause us to cease making, licensing or selling products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; • require us to redesign or re-engineer our products, if feasible; • divert management's attention and resources; or • require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use a necessary product, component or process. We cannot be certain of the outcome of any litigation. A successful claim of infringement against us or our contract manufacturers in connection with the use of our technology, in particular if we are unable to manufacture or sell any of our planned products in any major market, could adversely affect our business. Any royalty or licensing agreement, if required, may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Our failure to obtain the necessary licenses or other rights could prevent the sale, manufacture, or distribution of some of our products and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our business. We could experience losses from product liability claims or legal claims relating to our service offerings, including such claims and other losses resulting from sales of counterfeit and other infringing products. We face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that the use of our products results in personal injury. We also face the risk that defects in the design or manufacture of our products or sales of counterfeit or other infringing products might necessitate a product recall and other actions by manufacturers, distributors or retailers in order to safeguard the health of consumers and protect the integrity of the subject brand. Additionally, we face the inherent risk of exposure to legal claims, including negligence, relating to our provision of certain service offerings, including the accuracy and quality of our genomic services, fertility cryopreservation, fertility donor gamete supply, and stem cell storage services. These risks may be heightened due to our direct-to-consumer marketing efforts for some of our products and services (e.g., stem cell storage and Paragard IUDs). Consumers may halt or delay purchases of a product or service that is the subject of a claim or recall or has been counterfeited. We handle some risk with third-party carrier policies that are subject to deductibles and limitations. These insurance policies may become more expensive (or not be available) for new risks we may assume when we acquire new businesses. We cannot be assured that we will not experience material losses due to product liability claims or recalls, legal claims relating to our service offerings, or a decline in sales resulting from sales of counterfeit or other infringing products, in the future. If our products or services are not accepted by the market, we will not be able to sustain or expand our business. Certain of our proposed products or services have not yet been clinically tested or commercially introduced, and some of our existing products or services are marketed and sold on the basis of potential future medical or therapeutic value (assuming technology advances), and we cannot be sure that any of them will achieve market acceptance or generate revenues or operating profits. The development of a market for our products or services may be influenced by many factors, some of which are out of our control, including: 26 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES • acceptance of our products or services by eye care or other health care practitioners; • the cost competitiveness of our products and services; • consumer reluctance to try and use a new product or service; • regulatory and legislative requirements; • adequate coverage and reimbursement by third-party payors; • lack of scientific advancements to validate the medical value of certain products or services, such as stored cord blood or cord tissue (or scientific advancements in other medical approaches that reduce or eliminate the value of such products or services); and • the earlier release of competitive products or services, such as new silicone hydrogel products or contraceptive technologies, into the market by our competitors; and the emergence of newer and more competitive products or services. We operate in the highly competitive health care industry, and we cannot be assured that we will be able to compete successfully. Each of our businesses operates within a highly competitive environment. In our soft contact lens business, CooperVision faces intense competition from competitors' products, in particular silicone hydrogel contact lenses, and may face increasing competition as other new products enter the market. Our largest competitors in the contact lens business, Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc., Alcon Inc. and Bausch Health Companies Inc. may have substantially greater financial resources, larger research and development budgets, larger sales forces, greater market penetration and/or larger manufacturing volumes than CooperVision. They offer competitive products and differentiated materials, plus a variety of other eye care products including lens care products and ophthalmic pharmaceuticals, which may give them a competitive advantage in marketing their lenses. The market for contact lenses is intensely competitive and is characterized by declining sales volumes for older product lines and growing demand for silicone hydrogel-based products. Our ability to respond to these competitive pressures will depend on our ability to decrease our costs and maintain gross margins and operating results and to introduce new products successfully, on a timely basis in the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific, and to achieve manufacturing efficiencies and sufficient manufacturing capacity and capabilities for such products. Any significant decrease in our costs per lens will depend, in part, on our ability to increase sales volume and production capabilities and our ability to secure adequate supply of materials used in production at reasonable costs. Our failure to respond to competitive pressures in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. To a lesser extent, CooperVision also competes with manufacturers of eyeglasses and providers of other forms of vision correction including ophthalmic surgery. We cannot be assured that we will not encounter increased competition in the future, for example with increased product entries from Asia Pacific contact lens manufacturers, or that our competitors' newer contact lens products will not successfully erode CooperVision's contact lens business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The contact lens industry also continues to evolve with respect to the introduction of new distribution and fulfillment models and service technologies which may conflict with CooperVision’s strategy or interfere with its customers’ relationships and loyalty. For example, more contact lenses are being fulfilled directly to the consumer by manufacturers and wholesalers via online platforms, telemedicine is gaining popularity and more vision correction prescriptions are being provided through online refractive exams rather than in office by an eye care practitioner. CooperVision’s failure to adapt to the threats posed by these new and emerging distribution models and Internet driven services may have a material adverse impact on our business. CooperSurgical focuses on selected segments of the family and women's health care market with a diversified portfolio of products and services including fertility products and services, medical devices, cryostorage (such as cord blood and cord tissue storage) and contraception. Competitive factors in these segments in which CooperSurgical competes include technological and scientific advances, product quality and availability, price, customer service including response time and effective communication of product information to physicians, consumers, fertility clinics and hospitals. Competition in the medical device industry is dynamic and involves the search for technological and therapeutic innovations. CooperSurgical competes with a number of manufacturers and service providers in its women’s family health care market areas. Some of these competitors have substantially greater financial and personnel resources and sell a broader range of products, which may give them an advantage in marketing competitive products. In addition, some of CooperSurgical’s markets, such as genomics, contraception and cord blood and cord tissue storage, are characterized by rapid technological advancement. We face the risk that demand for our products will not grow or will decline if our competitors are more 27 THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES successful than us at innovating in these and other areas. There is also a risk that emerging technologies or technology advancements could reduce the medical value of certain of our products and services, such as cord blood and cord tissue storage, which could adversely affect our business. In recent years, CooperSurgical has also expanded direct-to-consumer products and services, which requires implementing new competitive strategies and increases the importance of customer service and consumer reputation as competitive factors. New medical and technological developments may reduce the need for our products. Technological developments in the vision, fertility and women’s health, may limit demand for our products and services. For example, corneal refractive surgical procedures such as Lasik surgery and the development of new pharmaceutical products may decrease the demand for our optical products. If these new advances provide a practical alternative to traditional vision correction, the demand for contact lenses and eyeglasses may materially decrease. We cannot be assured that medical advances and technological developments will not have a material adverse effect on our business. Product innovations are important in the industry in which we operate, and we face the risk of product obsolescence if we are unable to develop new products or gain regulatory approvals or certifications or if our competitors introduce new products. Product innovations are important in the contact lens market in which CooperVision competes and in the areas of the health care industry in which CooperSurgical competes. CooperVision, both internally and externally with third parties, invests in new product development, including the development of new silicone hydrogel-based contact lenses. While much of CooperVision’s research and development activities are performed internally, it also uses external research and development investment in collaborations and joint development with third parties. CooperSurgical has historically purchased, leveraged or licensed the technology developments of others. CooperSurgical also has i
[...TRUNCATED...]