TICKER=COR|YEAR=2025|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2025/COR_2025-11-25.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves risk. The following discussion describes certain risk factors that we believe could affect our business and prospects. The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of these risk factors could lead to material adverse effects on our business, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider not to be material. The reader should not consider this list to be a complete statement of all risks and uncertainties. Business and Operational Risks Our revenue, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows may suffer upon the loss, or renewal at less favorable terms, of a key customer or group purchasing organization. Walgreens and Boots together accounted for approximately 25% of our revenue in fiscal 2025 and, as of September 30, 2025, accounted for approximately 38% of our accounts receivable, net. Evernorth Health Services accounted for approximately 13% of our revenue in fiscal 2025. Our top ten customers, including governmental agencies, represented approximately 66% of revenue in fiscal 2025. We have distributor relationships with GPOs in multiple distribution segments. We may lose a key customer or GPO relationship if any existing contract with such customer or GPO expires without being extended, renewed, renegotiated or replaced or is terminated by the customer or GPO prior to expiration, to the extent such early termination is permitted by the contract. A number of our contracts with key customers or GPOs are typically subject to expiration each year, and we may lose any of these customers or GPO relationships if we are unable to extend, renew, renegotiate or replace such expired contracts. The loss of any key customer or GPO relationship could adversely affect our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows. Additionally, from time to time, key contracts may be renewed or modified prior to their expiration date in furtherance of our strategic objectives or those of our customers. If those contracts are renewed or modified at less favorable terms, they may also negatively impact our revenue, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. The anticipated ongoing benefits of our relationship with Walgreens and Boots may not be realized. On August 28, 2025, Sycamore Partners, a private equity firm, acquired Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (“WBA”). We have a distribution agreement in the U.S. pursuant to which we distribute pharmaceuticals to Walgreens pharmacies as well as a generics purchasing services arrangement under which Walgreens Boots Alliance Development GmbH (“WBAD”) provides a variety of services to us, including negotiating acquisition pricing with generic manufacturers on our behalf. Each of these agreements has a stated term that does not expire until 2029. We also have an international distribution agreement pursuant to which we supply brand-name and generic pharmaceutical products to Boots until 2031. In light of the reorganization of WBA and its subsidiaries into distinct business units by WBA’s new owners, such new owners may seek changes to WBA’s operations or our relationship with WBA that could affect our agreements with Walgreens, WBAD, and/or Boots. For example, WBA’s new owners may expand or accelerate WBA’s plan disclosed in October 2024 to close approximately 1,200 retail stores in the U.S. over a three-year period. There can be no assurance that potential changes to our relationship with WBA, and/or its business and operations under new ownership, will not have an adverse effect on our contractual arrangements with WBA or our business. In addition, the processes needed to achieve and maintain the expected cost savings, growth initiatives and efficiencies in sourcing, logistics and distribution associated with our relationship with Walgreens and Boots are complex, costly, and time consuming. Achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangements on an ongoing basis is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties, including, without limitation: (i) the potential inability to realize and/or delays in realizing potential benefits resulting from participation in our generics purchasing services arrangement with WBAD, including improved generic drug pricing and terms, improved service fees from generic manufacturers, cost savings, innovations, or other benefits due to its potential inability to negotiate successfully with generic manufacturers or otherwise to perform as expected; (ii) potential changes in supplier relationships and terms; (iii) unexpected or unforeseen costs, fees, expenses and charges incurred by us related to the transaction or the overall strategic relationship; (iv) changes in the economic terms under which we distribute pharmaceuticals to Walgreens pharmacies in the U.S. or to pharmacies operated by Boots. in the U.K., including changes necessitated by changing market conditions or other unforeseen developments that may arise during the term of either distribution agreement, to the extent that any such changes are not offset by other financial benefits that we are able to obtain through collaboration in other aspects of our strategic relationship with Walgreens and Boots; and (v) any potential issues that could impede our ability to continue to work collaboratively with Walgreens and Boots in an efficient and effective manner in furtherance of the anticipated strategic and financial benefits of the relationship. 9 Table of Contents A disruption in our distribution or generic purchasing services arrangements with Walgreens or WBAD could adversely affect our business and financial results. From an operational perspective, we are the primary distributor of pharmaceutical products for Walgreens in the U.S. and Boots in the U.K. If our operations are seriously disrupted for any reason deemed within our control, we may have an obligation to pay or credit Walgreens or Boots for any resulting failure or delay in supplying products. Conversely, if the operations of Walgreens, Boots, or WBAD are seriously disrupted for any reason, whether by a pandemic, natural disaster, labor disruption, regulatory or governmental action, or otherwise, it could adversely affect our business and our sales and profitability. In addition, if the economics of the generics purchasing services arrangement with WBAD decline due to changes in market conditions or other changes impacting the fees and rebates that generic manufacturers make available through the arrangement, our margins and results of operations could also be adversely affected. Our business may also be adversely affected by any operational, financial, or regulatory difficulties that Walgreens or Boots experience, including any disruptions of certain of their existing distribution facilities or retail pharmacies resulting from ongoing inspections by the DEA and/or other regulatory agencies and possible revocation of the controlled substance registrations for such facilities and pharmacies. Our results of operations and financial position may be adversely affected if we acquire or invest in businesses that do not perform as we expect or that are difficult for us to integrate. As part of our strategy, we seek to pursue acquisitions of and investments in other businesses. At any particular time, we may be in various stages of assessment, discussion, and negotiation with regard to one or more potential acquisitions or investments, not all of which will be consummated. We make public disclosure of pending and completed acquisitions when appropriate and required by applicable securities laws and regulations. In June 2023, we invested $718.4 million (representing a 34.9% interest) in a joint venture to acquire OneOncology, a network of leading oncology practices, with TPG Inc., a global alternative asset management firm, holding the majority interest in the joint venture. Further, on January 2, 2025, we acquired RCA, a leading management services organization of retina specialists. Each of OneOncology and RCA may fail to achieve their respective future financial and operating performance and results, and consequently we may fail to achieve the expected benefits of these acquisitions within the expected timeframes or at all. Acquisitions of and investments in other businesses may also have the effect of disrupting relationships with employees, suppliers, and other business partners. We may find that our ability to integrate or achieve the benefits we anticipate from RCA and other acquisitions is more difficult, time consuming, or costly than expected. Furthermore, acquisitions and investments involve numerous risks and uncertainties and may be of businesses or in regions in which we lack operational or market experience. Acquired companies may have business practices or operational requirements that we are not accustomed to or have unique terms and conditions with their business partners. As a result of the acquisition of RCA, the investment in OneOncology, and our entry into new markets, our results of operations and financial position may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including, without limitation: (i) regulatory or compliance issues, including new or increased focus on billing and coding, patient referrals, health and safety, health data privacy, quality standards, corporate practice of medicine and other forms of ownership regulation; (ii) changes in laws and regulations applicable to the acquired businesses, including with respect to management services organizations (“MSOs”); (iii) the failure of the acquired businesses or investments to achieve the results that we have projected in either the near or long term; (iv) the assumption of unknown liabilities, including litigation risks; (v) the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed not being properly estimated; (vi) the difficulties of imposing adequate financial and operating controls on such businesses and their respective management teams and the potential liabilities that might arise pending the imposition of adequate controls; (vii) the difficulties in the integration of or the introduction to the operations, technologies, compliance requirements (including with respect to regulatory, health and safety, and quality standards), services and products of such businesses, including, in connection with the RCA acquisition, those related to clinical trial sites and their obligations under FDA and other applicable healthcare regulations; (viii) the failure to achieve the strategic objectives of these acquisitions and investments; and (ix) substantial costs and the diversion of management’s time to address the foregoing difficulties. Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if we fail to manage and complete divestitures. We regularly evaluate our portfolio to determine whether an asset or business may no longer help us meet our objectives. When we decide to divest assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty finding buyers or alternative exit strategies, which could delay the achievement of our strategic objectives. Further, divestitures may be delayed due to failure to obtain required approvals on a timely basis, if at all, from governmental authorities or third parties. They may also become more difficult to execute due to conditions placed upon any approval that could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, negatively impact the value of a divested business due to the effect on relationships with personnel or customers, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic goals of a transaction. We may continue to have exposure in a divested business, such as through ongoing financial, ownership or operational obligations or transition 10 Table of Contents services, and, as a result, conditions outside of our control might limit the expected benefits of the divestiture. Following a divestiture, we may be restricted from re-entering applicable markets for a period of time due to non-competition restrictions. The impact of a divestiture on our results of operations could also be less than anticipated. We face geopolitical and other risks associated with our international operations, which could materially adversely impact our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. We conduct operations in over 50 countries and, in fiscal 2025, approximately 9% of our revenue was derived from our international operations, which subjects us to various risks inherent in global operations. In the future, we may conduct business in additional foreign jurisdictions, which may present new or different risks associated with such foreign operations. At any particular time, our global operations may be affected by local changes in laws, regulations, and political and economic environments, including inflation, recession, currency volatility, and competition, as well as business and operational decisions made by joint venture partners. For example, Turkey remains a “highly inflationary economy,” as defined under GAAP, which impacted our consolidated financial statements. Refer to the Foreign Currency accounting policy in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the incremental expenses recorded related to Turkey’s highly inflationary accounting impact on our consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, geopolitical dynamics caused by changes or uncertainty in U.S. policies or the political, economic, social or other conditions or policies in foreign countries and regions in which we do business may impact or disrupt our business, as well as the operations of our customers, suppliers, service providers, or other third-party business partners. During fiscal 2025, we continued to experience increased costs, including for fuel, and it is possible that we could experience supply disruptions, shortages, or additional costs (including with respect to packaging, materials, and other equipment) resulting from U.S. tariffs or other protective measures. These tariffs and protective measures may include (i) the existing fentanyl tariffs, reciprocal tariffs, or secondary tariffs imposed on Indian or Brazilian-origin goods; (ii) the threatened tariffs on imports of pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical ingredients under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (as amended); or (iii) additional tariffs imposed by the U.S. Executive Branch or Congress. We cannot predict how or when these tariffs may be implemented or modified. Moreover, other countries may impose counter-tariffs or measures that could impact our operations and pricing. The current environment relating to tariffs is highly dynamic, and tariff policies may be interrelated with other regulatory and foreign policy initiatives of the Executive Branch and/or Congress. Significantly higher and sustained rates of inflation, with subsequent increases in operational costs, could have a material adverse effect on our business. The continued threat of terrorism and heightened security and military action in response thereto, or any other current or future acts of terrorism, war or other geopolitical developments (such as rising nationalism, the conflict in Ukraine, and evolving conditions in the Middle East), and other events (such as economic sanctions and trade restrictions) may cause further disruptions to the economies of the U.S. and other countries and create further uncertainties. Any disruption may inhibit our access to, or require us to spend more money to source, certain products that we use in our operations. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business. We might be adversely impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We conduct our business in various currencies, including the U.S. Dollar, the U.K. Pound Sterling, the Euro, the Turkish Lira, the Brazilian Real, and the Canadian Dollar. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could reduce our revenues, increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our financial results reported in U.S. dollars. We may from time to time enter into foreign currency contracts, foreign currency borrowings or other techniques intended to hedge a portion of our foreign currency exchange rate risks. These hedging activities may not completely offset the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign currency exchange rates during the time the hedges are in place. Any of these risks might have an adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. We are subject to operational and logistical risks that might not be covered by insurance. We have distribution centers and facilities located in the U.S., the U.K., the EU, and throughout the world. Our business exposes us to risks that are inherent in the distribution of pharmaceuticals and the provision of related services, including cold chain storage and shipping. The volume of cold chain storage and shipping has increased, and we expect this trend to continue. Although we seek to maintain adequate insurance coverage, coverage on acceptable terms might be unavailable, might not cover our losses, might be significantly more costly or may require large, self-insured retentions. Additionally, we seek to maintain coverage for risks associated with cybersecurity, but such insurance comes with increasingly high self-insured retentions and, in some cases, policies may not provide adequate coverage for possible losses. Uninsured losses or operational losses that result from large, self-insured retentions under commercial insurance coverage might have an adverse impact on our business. 11 Table of Contents We are subject to industry risks that might not be covered by insurance nor indemnification obligations of our contracted parties. We are exposed to risks inherent to the healthcare industry, including, without limitation, the distribution, administration, ancillary services, and related consultation services provided to our customers, providers, or manufacturers of pharmaceutical products. We seek indemnification from our third-party business partners, including the vendors of the products that we distribute, and seek to limit liability of our contractual exposure with our third-party business partners, but any indemnification or limitation of liability contained in such contractual provisions may not be enforceable, or the contracted party may not be financially capable of meeting its contractual obligations or adequately protecting us from liability. While we maintain various insurance policies, including product liability, professional liability, and cyber liability policies, adverse losses might be uninsured, not have sufficient insurance limits, or have high self-insured retentions that could have a materially adverse impact on our business. We might be unable to successfully recruit and retain qualified employees. Our ability to attract, engage, develop and retain qualified and experienced employees, including key executives and other talent, is essential for us to meet our objectives. We compete with many other businesses to attract and retain employees. Competition among potential employers might result in increased salaries, benefits or other employee-related costs, or in our failure to recruit and retain employees. Additionally, we may experience sudden, unexpected loss of key personnel due to a variety of causes, such as illness or death, and we must adequately plan for succession of key management roles. However, our succession plans may not be effective if, for example, an employee does not successfully transition into a new role. Any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. Additionally, approximately 24% of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, nearly all of whom are employees located outside of the U.S. We work to maintain strong relationships with our employees; however, if any of our employees in the locations that are unionized should engage in strikes or other such bargaining tactics in connection with the negotiation of collective bargaining agreements, such tactics could be disruptive to our operations, adversely affect our results of operations, and cause reputational harm. The loss or disruption of information systems could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business. Our businesses rely on sophisticated information systems and AI to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; to receive, process, and ship orders on a timely basis; to account for other product and service transactions with customers; to manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; and to process payments to suppliers. We continue to make substantial investments in our data centers, third-party cloud-based environments and services, distribution centers and information systems, including, but not limited to, those relating to our acquisition of RCA. The implementation of new information systems may be more time consuming or costly than we anticipate. To the extent our information systems, including any new information systems, are not successfully implemented or fail, or to the extent there are data center failures, interruptions, or outages caused by factors such as infrastructure overload, ransomware attacks, security breaches or natural disasters, our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Our business and results of operations may also be adversely affected if a third-party business partner does not perform satisfactorily and/or is impacted by a cybersecurity incident, or if information systems fail or are interrupted or damaged by unforeseen events, including due to the actions of third parties. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of the changing threat landscape, evolving vulnerabilities, proliferation of cloud-based infrastructure and other information technology services, new technologies, supply chain dependencies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyberattacks. Security incidents such as ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe, as well as increasingly difficult to detect. These risks have increased with the growth of our business, the interconnected nature of our supply chain and partnerships, and the breadth and scope of our information systems, including as we acquire or integrate the information systems of acquired businesses, such as RCA, into our enterprise. As we continue to integrate the information systems of different business units, there is an increasing possibility that a security incident in one business unit will affect others. In addition, security incidents may disrupt our businesses and require that we expend substantial additional resources related to the security and recovery of information systems. Companies in our industry have increasingly been targeted for cyberattacks, and we operate in one of the most frequently targeted industries due to the attractiveness and value of proprietary business information, personal health information and other sensitive health data, as perceived by bad actors and criminals on the dark web. We, and our third-party business partners, have experienced detrimental cyberattacks. For example, we previously disclosed cybersecurity incidents in February 2024 and in March 2023. Although the prior incidents did not have a material adverse impact on us, either individually or in the aggregate, similar incidents or events in the future may do so. 12 Table of Contents Security breaches can occur as a result of technical and non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent actions by our personnel, service providers, or third-party business partners, or the exploitation of known or unknown vulnerabilities by a threat actor. A failure, interruption, or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our service providers or third-party business partners, as a result of cyberattacks or security breaches could disrupt our business, result in the loss, corruption, unplanned unavailability, disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information or personal data, damage our reputation, cause loss of customers or revenue, increase our costs, result in litigation and/or regulatory action, and/or cause other losses, any of which, whether they involve us or our service providers or third-party business partners, might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations, business strategy, our ability to provide products/services to our customers and our financial position or results of operations. We may not be aware of all vulnerabilities and cannot anticipate, detect, or implement fully effective preventative measures against all security threats, particularly because the techniques used are increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving. For example, as AI continues to evolve, cyber attackers could also use AI to develop malicious code and sophisticated phishing attempts, and our use of AI could increase cybersecurity and data protection risks. As a result, cyber security and the continued development and enhancement of the security controls and processes designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, failure, interruption, or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. Although we believe that we have robust security controls, processes, and other safeguards in place, as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our security measures and to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. Industry and Economic Risks Our results of operations could be adversely impacted by manufacturer pricing changes. Our contractual arrangements with pharmaceutical manufacturers for the purchase of brand-name pharmaceutical products in the United States generally use wholesale acquisition cost (“WAC”) as the reference price. We sell brand-name pharmaceutical products to many of our customers using WAC as the reference price and to other customers based on their negotiated contract price. If manufacturers change their pricing policies or practices with regard to WAC or if prices charged by manufacturers do not align with prices negotiated to be paid by our customers, and we are unable to negotiate alternative ways to be compensated by manufacturers or customers for the value of our services, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Additionally, there are a number of U.S. government policy initiatives being considered that, if enacted, could directly or indirectly regulate or impact WAC prices. If such initiatives are passed or finalized and we are unable to negotiate equitable changes with our suppliers and/or customers, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. The pharmaceutical products that we purchase are also subject to price inflation and deflation, as well as the threatened and enacted tariffs described above. Additionally, certain distribution service agreements that we have entered into with brand-name and generic pharmaceutical manufacturers have a price appreciation component to them. As a result, our gross profit from brand-name and generic pharmaceuticals continues to be subject to fluctuation based upon the timing and extent of manufacturer price increases, which we do not control. If the frequency or rate of brand-name and generic pharmaceutical price increases slows, whether due to regulatory mandates, the implementation of legislative proposals, policy initiatives or voluntary manufacturer actions, our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, generic pharmaceuticals are also subject to price deflation. If the frequency or rate of generic pharmaceutical price deflation accelerates, the negative impact on our results of operations would increase. On May 12, 2025, the Executive Branch issued Executive Order 14297, “Delivering Most-Favored-Nation Prescription Drug Pricing to American Patients” (“Executive Order 14297”). Executive Order 14297 seeks to reduce prescription drug costs in the U.S. by requiring manufacturers to sell certain drugs in the U.S. at no higher than the lowest prices paid for those same drugs in other developed countries. Executive Order 14297 directs the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) to facilitate direct-to-consumer (“DTC”) purchasing programs for prescription drugs at the most-favored-nation (“MFN”) price that may bypass traditional supply chain intermediaries. The U.S. Office of Management and Budget received a proposed rule for review to implement a “Global Benchmark for Efficient Drug Pricing (GLOBE) Model” on September 25, 2025, and another proposed rule to implement a “Guarding U.S. Medicare Against Rising Drug Costs (GUARD) Model” on October 2, 2025, but neither proposed rule has been published. Although HHS has not yet otherwise issued any substantive regulatory proposals for DTC mechanisms, both the Executive Branch and the pharmaceutical manufacturers trade association have announced DTC websites for manufacturer DTC discounting programs. Further, some manufacturers have already announced alternative DTC models for a limited number of products in parallel to traditional retail distribution that may employ product shipment mechanisms that do not incorporate traditional wholesale distribution. MFN pricing pressures and DTC mechanisms could lead to voluntary or involuntary manufacturer price changes, which could be either temporary or long term, but all of which could adversely affect our business. 13 Table of Contents Competition and industry consolidation may erode our profit. As described in greater detail in the “Competition” section of Item 1. Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the industries in which we operate are highly competitive. Our pharmaceutical distribution businesses not only compete with other pharmaceutical distributors, but also with manufacturers who sell directly to customers, chain drugstores who manage their own warehousing, specialty distributors, and packaging and healthcare technology companies. In addition, the healthcare industry continues to experience increasing consolidation, including through the formation of strategic alliances among pharmaceutical manufacturers, retail pharmacies, healthcare providers and health insurers, which may create further competitive pressures on our pharmaceutical distribution business. Continued consolidation within the healthcare industry could adversely affect our results of operations, to the extent we experience reduced negotiating power or possible customer losses. Our revenue and results of operations may suffer upon the bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of a significant customer or supplier. Most of our customers buy pharmaceuticals and other products and services from us on credit. Credit is made available to customers based upon our assessment and analysis of their creditworthiness. Although we often try to obtain a security interest in assets and other arrangements intended to protect our credit exposure, we generally are either subordinated to the position of the primary lenders to our customers or substantially unsecured. Volatility of the capital and credit markets, general economic conditions including elevated interest rates, changes in customer payment terms, and regulatory changes (such as changes in reimbursement), may adversely affect the solvency or creditworthiness of our customers and their ability to maintain liquidity sufficient to repay their obligations to us as they become due. The bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of any customer that has a substantial amount owed to us, including our largest customer, could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. As of September 30, 2025, our two largest trade receivable balances due from customers (Walgreens and Boots together and Evernorth Health Services) represented approximately 38% and 5% of our accounts receivable, net. Our relationships with pharmaceutical suppliers give rise to substantial amounts that are due to us from the suppliers, including amounts owed to us for returned goods or defective goods, chargebacks, and amounts due to us for services provided to the suppliers. Volatility of the capital and credit markets, general economic conditions, pending litigation, and regulatory changes may adversely affect the solvency or creditworthiness of our suppliers. The bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of any supplier at a time when the supplier has a substantial account payable balance due to us could have a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, the bankruptcy, insolvency or other credit failure of a significant supplier could have an adverse effect on the supply or availability of products which may cause supply chain disruptions and increases in the price of substitutes or alternatives. Our stock price and our ability to access credit markets may be adversely affected by financial market volatility and disruption or a downgrade in our credit ratings. If the capital and credit markets experience significant disruption and volatility in the future, we could experience downward movement in our stock price without regard to our financial position or results of operations or an adverse effect, which may be material, on our ability to access credit. While we believe that our operating cash flow and existing credit arrangements give us the ability to meet our financing needs, disruption and volatility could increase our costs of borrowing, impair our liquidity, or adversely impact our business. Additionally, rating agencies continually review the ratings that they have assigned to us and our outstanding debt securities. To maintain our ratings, we are required to meet certain financial performance ratios. Liabilities related to litigation or any significant related settlement, an increase in our debt or a decline in our earnings could result in downgrades in our credit ratings. Actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review for a downgrade or have been assigned a negative outlook, could hinder our access to public debt markets, limit the institutions willing to provide credit to us, result in more restrictive financial and other covenants in our public and private debt, and would likely increase our overall borrowing costs and adversely affect our earnings. Declining economic conditions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. Our operations and performance depend on the economic conditions in the U.S. and other countries or regions where we do business. Deterioration in general economic conditions could adversely affect the number of prescriptions that are filled and the number of pharmaceutical products purchased by consumers and, therefore, could reduce purchases by our customers, which would negatively affect our revenue growth and cause a decrease in our profitability. Negative trends in the general economy, including interest rate fluctuations, inflation, financial market volatility, or credit market disruptions, may also affect our customers’ ability to obtain credit to finance their businesses on acceptable terms and could result in reduced discretionary spending on health products by consumers. Reduced purchases by our customers or changes in payment terms could adversely affect our revenue growth and cause a decrease in our cash flows from operations. Bankruptcies or similar events affecting our 14 Table of Contents customers may cause us to incur bad debt expense at levels higher than historically experienced. Declining economic conditions or increases in inflation may also increase our costs. Litigation and Regulatory Risks Increasing governmental efforts to regulate the pharmaceutical supply chain may increase our costs and reduce our profitability. The healthcare industry in the U.S., as well as in the other countries and regions in which we do business, is highly regulated at many levels of government. There have been increasing efforts in the U.S. by Congress, the Executive Branch, and state and federal agencies, including state boards of pharmacy, departments of health, the FDA, DEA, Department of Commerce, HHS, Transportation Security Administration, and Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), and by similar regulators in the U.K., the EU, and other countries, to regulate the pharmaceutical supply chain. Regulation of pharmaceutical distribution is intended to prevent diversion and the introduction of counterfeit, adulterated, and/or mislabeled drugs into the pharmaceutical distribution system, as well as ensure the integrity of products traversing the supply chain. Consequently, we are subject to the risk of changes in various laws, which include operating, record keeping, and security standards of the DEA, the FDA, HHS, various state boards of pharmacy and comparable agencies. In recent years, some governments have passed or proposed laws and regulations intended to protect the safety and security of the supply chain that could substantially increase the costs and burden of pharmaceutical distribution. At the federal level, in the U.S., the DSCSA establishes national traceability standards requiring drugs to be labeled and tracked at the bottle level, preempts state drug pedigree requirements, and requires all supply-chain stakeholders to participate in an electronic, interoperable prescription drug traceability system. The DSCSA also establishes requirements for drug wholesale distributors and third-party logistics providers, including licensing requirements applicable in states that had not previously licensed third-party logistics providers. The FDA issued a proposed rule on February 4, 2022, which, when finalized, will establish national standards for the licensure of wholesale drug distributors and third-party logistics providers. In addition, failure to comply with the DQSA requirements or with additional similar governmental regulatory and licensing requirements may result in suspension or delay of certain operations and additional costs to bring our facilities into compliance. Our international operations may also be subject to local regulations containing record-keeping and other obligations related to our distribution operations in those locations. For example, the safety features of the Falsified Medicines Directive for EU member states consists of placing a unique identifier (a two-dimensional barcode) and an anti-tampering device on the outer packaging of medicines. Pedigree tracking laws increase our compliance burden and our pharmaceutical distribution costs and could have an adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations. Several EU member states have adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations aimed at mitigating or controlling drug supply shortages, and the EU’s proposal of the Critical Medicines Act in March 2025 as well as the ongoing comprehensive reform of EU pharmaceutical legislation (referred to as the “EU pharmaceutical package”) propose more stringent notification duties, mandatory stockpiling and detailed shortage prevention plans for certain drugs. These measures could require us and our partners to hold higher inventories, alter production and distribution plans, prioritize certain markets, and incur additional compliance and logistics costs, and non-compliance could result in fines, product seizures, operating restrictions, litigation, reputational harm, and loss of market access. The evolving and fragmented nature of such requirements increases operational complexity and forecasting uncertainty, and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. As discussed in the “Public concern over the abuse of medications could negatively affect our business” risk factor, certain governmental and regulatory agencies, as well as state and local jurisdictions, are focused on the abuse of opioid medications in the U.S. In addition to conducting investigations and participating in litigation related to the misuse of prescription opioid medications, federal, state and local governmental and regulatory agencies are considering legislation and regulatory measures to limit opioid prescriptions and more closely monitor distribution, prescribing, and dispensing of these drugs. Any failures or delays in compliance by us, manufacturers, or others in our supply chain with the DQSA and DSCSA requirements, and other chain of custody and pharmaceutical distribution requirements, including follow-on actions related to current public concern over the abuse of opioid medications, could result in suspension or delays in our production and distribution activities or have an adverse effect on our ability to manage the supply of products, which may increase our costs and could otherwise adversely affect our results of operations. In addition to the regulation of supply chain distribution arrangements, the products we sell may be subject to production, marketing, clinical or coverage restrictions through the FDA and HHS regulatory processes. For example, recent limitations on COVID-19 vaccinations and changes to pediatric vaccination schedules may have an adverse impact on the 15 Table of Contents availability or access to certain products that we distribute. There can be no assurance such regulations will not have an adverse effect on our or our customers’ business. Legal, regulatory, and legislative changes with respect to coverage, reimbursement, pricing, and contracting may adversely affect our business and results of operations, including through declining reimbursement rates. Both our business and our customers’ businesses may be adversely affected by laws and regulations reducing coverage or reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals and/or medical treatments or services, changing the methodology by which reimbursement levels are determined, or regulating pricing, contracting, and discounting practices with respect to medical products and services. Additionally, on occasion, price increases and pricing practices with respect to certain brand-name and generic pharmaceuticals have been the subject of governmental inquiries, national, federal and state investigations and private litigation. Any law or regulation impacting pharmaceutical pricing or reimbursement, such as pricing controls or indexing models at a national, federal or state level, could adversely affect our operations. In the EU, many governments provide or subsidize healthcare to consumers and regulate pharmaceutical prices, patient eligibility, and reimbursement levels in order to control government healthcare system costs. For example, in most EU member states, the government often regulates pricing of a new pharmaceutical product at launch through direct price controls, international price comparisons, and controlling profits and/or reference pricing. Some European governments and statutory health insurers and payers have implemented or are considering austerity measures to reduce healthcare spending, such as price volume discounts or tiered rebates, cost caps, regulated wholesale margins, cost sharing for increases in excess of prior year costs for individual products or aggregated market level spending, outcome-based pricing schemes, and free products for a portion of the expected therapy period. The new EU Health Technology Assessment (HTA) Regulation 2021/2282 became applicable on January 12, 2025 and aims at harmonizing HTA processes across EU member states, including by conducting joint clinical assessments of new drugs. The outcome of such joint clinical assessments is expected to influence national reimbursement decisions. All of these measures exert pressure on the pricing and reimbursement levels for pharmaceuticals and may cause our customers to purchase fewer of our products and services or influence us to reduce prices for our services. In the U.S., the Affordable Care Act (“ACA”) included numerous reforms broadening healthcare access and changing Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, pricing, an
[...TRUNCATED...]