TICKER=CPAY|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CPAY_2026-02-27.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the following risks applicable to us. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, operating results, financial condition and the trading price of our common stock could be materially adversely affected. The risks discussed below also include forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. See “Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in this report. Risks related to information technology and security We are dependent on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of interconnected computer systems, telecommunications, data centers and call centers, including technology and network systems managed by multiple third parties, which could result in our inability to prevent disruptions in our services. Our ability to provide reliable service to customers, cardholders and other network participants depends upon uninterrupted operation of our data centers and call centers as well as third-party labor and services providers. Incidents affecting these third parties, including disruptions, system outages, technology failures or vulnerabilities, capacity constraints, insolvency, or other cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our services and extend recovery times beyond our control. Our business involves processing large numbers of transactions, the movement of large sums of money and the management of large amounts of data. We rely on the ability of our employees, contractors, suppliers, systems and processes to complete these transactions in a secure, uninterrupted and error-free manner. Our subsidiaries operate in various countries and country-specific factors, such as power availability, telecommunications carrier redundancy, embargoes and regulations can adversely impact our information processing by, or for, our local subsidiaries. We engage backup facilities for each of our processing centers for key systems and data. However, there could be material delays in fully activating backup facilities depending on the nature of the breakdown, security breach, cyberattack or catastrophic event (such as fire, explosion, flood, pandemic, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure or physical break-in). Although, we have controls and documented measures to mitigate these risks, these mitigating controls might not reduce the duration, scope or severity of an outage in time to avoid adverse effects. Disruptions could result in transaction delays or failure, financial losses, contractual penalties, regulatory scrutiny and damage to our reputation. In addition, evolving regulatory frameworks focused on operational resilience and incident reporting may increase our obligations and potential exposure arising from such events. We may experience cybersecurity incidents, software defects, system errors, outages and development delays, which could damage customer relationships, decrease our profitability and expose us to liability. Our business depends heavily on the reliability, availability and security of proprietary and third-party processing systems and cloud infrastructure. A system outage could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, including by damaging our reputation or exposing us to third-party liability. To successfully operate our business, we must be able to protect our processing and other systems from interruption, including from events that may be beyond our control. Events that could cause system interruptions include, but are not limited to, fire, natural disaster, unauthorized entry, power loss, telecommunications failure, computer viruses, ransomware or other cybersecurity incidents, technology failures, software or other vulnerabilities, terrorist acts and war. Although we have taken steps to protect against data loss and system failures, there is still risk that we may lose critical data or experience system failures, and that our controls may not be effective in all circumstances. Our solutions are based on sophisticated software and computing systems that are constantly evolving. We often encounter delays and cost overruns in developing changes implemented to our systems. In addition, the underlying software may contain undetected errors, viruses or defects. Defects in our software products and errors or delays in our processing of electronic transactions could result in additional development costs, diversion of technical and other resources from our other development efforts, loss of credibility with current or potential customers, harm to our reputation or exposure to liability claims. In addition, we rely on technologies supplied to us by third parties that may also contain undetected errors, vulnerabilities or defects that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Although we attempt to limit our potential liability for warranty claims through disclaimers in our software documentation and limitation of liability provisions in our licenses and other agreements with our customers, we cannot assure that these measures will be successful in limiting our liability or covering all losses. We also operate in an evolving regulatory environment for cybersecurity and data privacy. New or expanded disclosure or notification obligations could increase our compliance costs and exposure to enforcement or litigation following an incident. We may not be able to adequately protect our systems or the data we collect from continually evolving cybersecurity and data-protection risks, which could subject us to liability and damage our reputation. We electronically receive, process, store and transmit data and sensitive information about our customers and merchants, including bank account information, social security numbers, expense data and credit card, debit card and checking account numbers. We endeavor to keep this information confidential; however, our websites, networks, information systems, services and technologies may be targeted for sabotage, disruption or misappropriation. The uninterrupted operation of our information 18 Table of Contents systems and our ability to maintain the confidentiality of the customer and consumer information that resides on our systems are critical to the successful operation of our business. Unauthorized access to our networks and computer systems could result in the theft or publication of confidential information or the deletion or modification of records or could otherwise cause interruptions in our service and operations. We are not aware of any recent m aterial breach of our or our associated third parties’ computer systems, although we and others in our industry are regularly the subject of attempts by bad actors to gain unauthorized access to these computer systems and data or to obtain, change or destroy confidential data (including personal consumer information of individuals) through a variety of means. Because techniques used to sabotage or obtain unauthorized access to our systems and the data we collect change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a target, especially considering heightened threats and risks associated with artificial intelligence and other technologies, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. An incident may not be detected until well after it occurs and the severity and potential impact may not be fully known for a substantial period of time after it has been discovered. Our ability to address incidents may also depend on the timing and nature of assistance that may be provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. Threats to our systems and our associated third parties’ systems can derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological failure. Computer viruses can be distributed and could infiltrate our systems or those of our associated third parties. In addition, denial of service or other attacks could be launched against us for a variety of purposes, including to interfere with our services or create a diversion for other malicious activities. Although we believe we have sufficient controls in place to prevent disruption and misappropriation and to respond to such attacks, any inability to prevent security breaches could have a negative impact on our reputation, expose us to liability, decrease market acceptance of electronic transactions and cause our present and potential clients to choose another service provider. In addition, the risk of cyber-attacks has increased in connection with the military and geopolitical conflicts around the world, including between Russia and Ukraine and within the Middle East. In light of those and other geopolitical events, nation-state actors or their supporters may launch retaliatory cyber-attacks and may attempt to cause supply chain and other third-party service provider disruptions, or take other geopolitically motivated retaliatory actions that may disrupt our business operations, result in data compromise, or both. Nation-state actors have in the past carried out, and may in the future carry out, cyber- attacks to achieve their aims and goals, which may include espionage, information operations, monetary gain, ransomware, disruption and destruction. We could also be subject to liability for claims relating to misuse of personal information, such as unauthorized marketing purposes and violation of data privacy laws. For example, we are subject to a variety of U.S. and international statutes, regulations and rulings relevant to the direct email marketing and text-messaging industries. If we were ever found to be in violation, our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. We cannot provide assurance that the contractual requirements related to security and privacy that we impose on our service providers who have access to customer and consumer data will be followed or will be adequate to prevent the unauthorized use or disclosure of data. In addition, we have agreed in certain agreements to take certain protective measures to ensure the confidentiality of customer data. The costs of systems and procedures associated with such protective measures, as well as the cost of deploying additional personnel, training our employees and hiring outside experts, may increase and could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Any failure to adequately enforce or provide these protective measures could result in liability, protracted and costly litigation, governmental and card network intervention and fines, remediation costs and with respect to misuse of personal information of our customers, lost revenue and reputational harm. While we maintain insurance covering certain security and privacy damages and claim expenses above a certain financial retention level, we may not carry insurance or maintain coverage sufficient to compensate for all liability and such insurance may not be available for renewal on acceptable terms or at all, and in any event, insurance coverage would not address the reputational damage that could result from a security incident. In addition, under payment network rules, regulatory requirements and related obligations, we may be responsible for the acts or failures to act of certain third parties, such as third-party service providers, vendors, partners and others, which we refer to collectively as associated participants. The failure of our associated participants to safeguard cardholder data and other information in accordance with such rules, requirements and obligations could result in significant fines and sanctions and could harm our reputation and deter existing and prospective customers from using our services. We cannot assure you that there are written agreements in place with every associated participant or that such written agreements will ensure the adequate safeguarding of such data or information or allow us to seek reimbursement from associated participants. Any such unauthorized use or disclosure of data or information also could result in litigation that could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 19 Table of Contents Risks related to our business and operations If we fail to develop and implement new technology, products and services, adapt our products and services to changes in technology, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology, products and services are not successful, we could lose customers and partners. The markets for our solutions are highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological change, frequent introduction of new products and services, evolving industry standards and evolving customer needs. We must respond to the technological advances offered by our competitors, including the use of artificial intelligence and the requirements of regulators and our customers and partners, in order to maintain and improve upon our competitive position and fulfill contractual obligations. We may be unsuccessful in expanding our technological capabilities and developing, marketing, selling or encouraging adoption of new or enhanced products and services that meet these changing demands, which could jeopardize our competitive position. Similarly, if new technologies are developed that displace our offerings for use by businesses, we may be unsuccessful in adequately responding to customer practices and our transaction volume may decline. In addition, we regularly engage in significant efforts to upgrade our products, services and underlying technology, which may or may not be successful in achieving market acceptance or their intended purposes, and may require more time or investment than planned. Artificial intelligence technologies, including machine learning and generative AI, are being rapidly adopted across the payments and enterprise software industries to improve automation, analytics, fraud detection, customer support and decision- making. Our competitors, customers and partners may increasingly expect AI-enabled functionality and efficiencies in the solutions they purchase and use. If we do not identify, develop, license, acquire and integrate AI technologies into our products and operations on a timely basis, or if we are unable to obtain the data, computing resources or specialized personnel needed to do so cost-effectively, our products and services may become less competitive, we may experience slower growth, reduced transaction volumes, loss of customers or partners, and pressure on margins. In addition, AI-enabled products offered by competitors or third parties could disintermediate aspects of our offerings or reduce demand for certain of our solutions. The solutions we deliver are designed to process complex transactions and provide reports and other information on those transactions, all at high volumes and processing speeds. New or enhanced offerings can present performance, scalability or interoperability challenges, and any failure to deliver effective and secure products or services, or any performance issue that arises with a new product or service, could result in significant processing or reporting errors, customer dissatisfaction or other losses. We may rely on third parties to develop or co-develop solutions or to incorporate our solutions into broader platforms for commercial payments and adjacent use cases. We may not be able to enter into such relationships on attractive terms, or at all, and these relationships may not be successful. In addition, partners, some of whom may be our competitors or potential competitors, may choose to develop competing solutions on their own or with third parties. In order to remain competitive, we are continually involved in a number of projects, including the development of new platforms, mobile payment applications, e-commerce services and other new offerings emerging in the payments technology industry, including with respect to domestic and international corporate payments, and EVs. These projects carry the risks associated with any development effort, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and performance problems. Additionally, we may be unable to attract, develop and retain personnel with the skills necessary to execute our strategy in key locations and at the pace required. Any delay in the delivery of new services or the failure to differentiate our services could render our services less desirable to customers, or possibly even obsolete. We operate in a competitive business environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected. The market for our solutions is highly competitive, and competition could intensify in the future. Our competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the products and services they offer. Our primary competitors in the Vehicle Payments solutions are small regional and large independent fleet card providers (some providing vouchers for food, fuel, tolls and transportation), major oil companies and petroleum marketers that issue their own fleet cards, banks and major financial services companies that provide card services to major oil companies and petroleum marketers. Corporate Payments solutions face a variety of competitors, some of which have greater financial resources, name recognition and scope and breadth of products and services. Moreover, certain Corporate Payments competitors are able to operationalize and scale certain decentralized payment technologies quicker like cryptocurrencies. Competitors in the Lodging Payments solutions include travel agencies, online lodging discounters, internal corporate procurement and travel resources and independent lodging and services providers. The most significant competitive factors in our business are the breadth of product and service features, network acceptance size, customer service, payment terms, account management, and price. We may experience competitive disadvantages with respect to any of these factors from time to time as potential customers prioritize or value these competitive factors differently. As a result, a specific offering of our features, networks and pricing may serve as a competitive advantage with respect to one customer and a disadvantage for another based on the customers’ preferences. Some of our existing and potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater brand name recognition, larger customer bases, more extensive customer relationships or greater financial and technical resources than we do. In addition, our larger competitors may have greater resources than we do to devote to the promotion and sale of their products and services and to pursue acquisitions. Many of our competitors provide additional and unrelated products and services to customers, such as treasury management, commercial lending and credit card processing, which allow them to bundle their products and services 20 Table of Contents together and present them to existing customers with whom they have established relationships, sometimes at a discount. If price competition continues to intensify, we may have to increase the incentives that we offer to our customers, decrease the prices of our solutions or lose customers, each of which could adversely affect our operating results. In Vehicle Payments solutions, major oil companies, petroleum marketers and large financial institutions may choose to integrate fuel card services as a complement to their existing or complementary card products and services to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies, such as EVs, and changing opportunities, standards or customer requirements. To the extent that our competitors are regarded as leaders in specific categories, they may have an advantage over us as we attempt to further penetrate these categories. Overall, increased competition and services in our markets could result in intensified pricing pressure, reduced profit margins, increased sales and marketing expenses and a failure to increase, or a loss of, market share. We may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position against our current or future competitors, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Adverse effects on demand for our business-related products and services, from unfavorable macroeconomic conditions, weather conditions, natural catastrophes or public health crises or from changes to business purchasing practices, could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. Adverse macroeconomic conditions within the U.S. or internationally, including but not limited to recessions or economic downturns, inflation, rising or volatile interest rates, deteriorating credit conditions, labor shortages and disputes, high unemployment, currency fluctuations, actual or anticipated large-scale defaults or failures, terrorist attacks, prolonged or recurring government shutdowns, regional or domestic hostilities, and economic sanctions and export controls (including tariffs), as well as the prospect or occurrence of more widespread conflicts, rising energy prices, a slowdown of global trade, and reduced consumer, small business, government and corporate spending, have a direct impact on the demand for our business-related products, including fuel, lodging and payment services. Similarly, prolonged adverse weather events, travel bans as a result of medical quarantine, geopolitical conflicts or in response to natural catastrophes, especially those that impact regions in which we process a large number and amount of payment transactions, could adversely affect our transaction volumes. While our lodging solutions generally benefit from weather-related events, disasters or catastrophic events in the future, including the impact of such events on certain industries or the overall economy, could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and infrastructure, including our technology and systems. Climate change may exacerbate certain of these threats, including the frequency and severity of weather-related events and subsequent physical disruptions to supply chains. Likewise, recent political, investor and industry focus on greenhouse gas emissions and climate change issues, as well as energy-transition dynamics and policies affecting fossil fuel demand, may adversely affect the volume of transactions or business operations of the oil companies, merchants and truck stop owners with whom we maintain strategic relationships, which could adversely impact our business. In addition, our transaction volume mix could be adversely affected if businesses do not continue to use our offerings or they change and/or fail to increase their use of our offerings as a payment mechanism for their transactions. If we fail to adequately assess and monitor credit risks or fraud of or by, our customers or third parties, we could experience an increase in credit loss. We are subject to the credit risk of our customers which range in size from small sole proprietorships to large publicly traded companies. We use various methods to screen potential customers and establish appropriate credit limits, but these methods cannot eliminate all potential credit risks and may not always prevent us from approving customer applications that are not credit-worthy or are fraudulently completed. Changes in our industry, customer demand and, in relation to our fuel customers, movement in fuel prices may result in periodic increases to customer credit limits and spending and, as a result, could lead to increased credit losses. We may also fail to detect changes to the credit risk of customers over time. Further, during a declining economic environment, we may experience increased customer defaults and preference claims by bankrupt customers. Additionally, the counterparties to the derivative financial instruments that we use in our cross-border solution to reduce our exposure to various market risks, including changes in foreign exchange rates, may fail to honor their obligations, which could expose us to risks we had sought to mitigate. This risk includes the exposure generated when we write derivative contracts to our customers as part of our cross-border solution, and we typically hedge the net exposure through offsetting contracts with established financial institution counterparties. If a customer or financial institution counterparty becomes insolvent, files for bankruptcy, commits fraud or otherwise fails to pay us, we may be exposed to the value of one or more relevant offsetting positions or may bear financial risk for those receivables where we have offered trade credit. If we fail to adequately manage our credit risks or monitor for fraud, our bad debt expense could be significantly higher than historic levels and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. As a result of being subject to the Federal Reserve Board's and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation's (FDIC's) rules on qualified financial contracts (QFCs) and similar rules in other jurisdictions, we may not be able to exercise remedies against counterparties and, as this regime has not yet been tested, we may suffer risks or losses that we would not have expected to suffer if we could immediately close out transactions upon a termination event. The International Swaps and Derivatives 21 Table of Contents Association (ISDA) Protocols and these rules and regulations extend to repurchase agreements and other instruments that are not derivative contracts. If one or more of our counterparty financial institutions default on their financial or performance obligations to us or fail, we may incur significant losses. We have significant amounts of cash, cash equivalents, receivables outstanding and other investments on deposit or in accounts with banks or other financial institutions in the U.S. and international jurisdictions. Among other services, certain banks and other financial institutions are lenders under our credit facilities, hold customer deposits for customers funds payable on demand and hold cash collateral received from customers for derivative transactions as part of our cross-border solution. We regularly monitor our concentration of, and exposure to, counterparty risk and actively manage this exposure to mitigate the associated risk. Despite these efforts, we may be exposed to the risk of default on obligations by, or deteriorating operating results or financial condition or failure of, these counterparty financial institutions. If one of our counterparty financial institutions were to become insolvent, placed into receivership, or file for bankruptcy, our ability to recover losses incurred as a result of default or to access or recover our assets that are deposited, held in accounts with, or otherwise due from, such counterparty may be limited due to the insufficiency of the failed institutions’ estate to satisfy all claims in full or the applicable laws or regulations governing the insolvency, bankruptcy, or resolution proceedings. We could also face liquidity constraints if we are unable to timely transfer or access funds, securities or collateral. In the event of default on obligations by, or the failure of, one or more of these counterparties, we could incur significant losses, which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. Our business may be adversely affected by geopolitical risks We have foreign operations in, or provide services for customers in more than 200 countries throughout North America, South America, Europe, Africa and Asia. We also expect to seek to expand our operations into various additional countries in Asia, Europe and Latin America as part of our growth strategy. Some of the countries where we operate, and other countries where we will seek to operate, have undergone significant political, economic and social change and events (such as the military conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East) in recent years, including the U.S. In addition, changes in laws or regulations, including with respect to payment service providers, taxation, tariffs, information technology, data transmission and revenues from non-U.S. operations, or in the interpretation of such existing laws or regulations, whether caused by a change in government or otherwise, could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. We are actively monitoring the changes and events and assessing the impact on our business. The extent, severity, duration and outcome of market disruptions could be significant and could potentially have substantial impact on the global economy and our business for an unknown period of time. Responses by countries , such as sanctions, export controls and tariffs, will adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations or otherwise aggravate the other risk factors that we identify herein. We cannot predict the scope of macroeconomic factors because these measures are complex and evolving, and may require rapid changes to our products, services or customer onboarding and screening processes. Our efforts to comply with changes may be costly and time consuming and will divert the attention of management. Any alleged or actual failure to comply with these measures may subject us to government scrutiny, civil or criminal proceedings, sanctions and other liabilities, which may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We continue to refine our business continuity plan, which includes crisis response materials designed to mitigate the impact of significant disruptions to our business, but there can be no assurance that our plan will successfully mitigate all disruptions. In addition, conducting and expanding our international operations subjects us to other political, economic, technological, operational and regulatory risks and difficulties that we do not generally face in the U.S. including exchange controls, capital repatriation restrictions, shifting import and export regimes, evolving local payments regulations and heightened enforcement uncertainty. We cannot be certain that the investment and additional resources required to establish, acquire or integrate operations in other countries will produce desired levels of revenue or profitability. We may incur substantial losses due to fraudulent use of our payment solutions. Under certain circumstances, when we fund customer transactions, we may bear the risk of substantial losses due to fraudulent use of our payment solutions. We do not maintain insurance to protect us against all of such losses. We bear similar risk relating to fraudulent acts of employees or contractors, for which we maintain insurance. However, the conditions or limits of coverage may be insufficient to protect us against such losses. Criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities involving financial products, such as skimming and counterfeiting payment cards, account takeovers and identity theft. A single significant incident of fraud, or increases in the overall level of fraud, involving our cards and other products and services, could result in reputational damage to us, which could reduce the use and acceptance of our cards and other payment solutions and services or lead to greater regulation that would increase our compliance costs. Fraudulent activity could also result in the imposition of regulatory sanctions, including significant monetary fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 22 Table of Contents Any decrease in our receipt of fees and charges, or limitations on our fees and charges, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our card solutions include a variety of fees and charges associ ated with transactions, cards, repo rts, optional services and late payments. Revenues for late fees and finance charges represented approximately 3% of our consolidated revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025 . If the users of our cards decrease their transaction activity, or the extent to which they use optional services or pay invoices late, our revenue could be materially adversely affected. In addition, several market factors can affect the amount of our fees and charges, including the market for similar charges for competitive card products and the availability of alternative payment methods. Furthermore, regulators and Congress have passed, and continue to consider, new legislation and regulations that change the electronic payments industry’s pricing, charges and other practices related to its customers. Any restrictions on our ability to price our products and services, including caps on late fees and finance charges, network fee changes or requirements to modify billing, disclosure or dispute practices, could materially and adversely affect our revenue. We are subject to risks related to volatility in the macroeconomic environment, which could adversely affect our revenue and operating results. As a result of our foreign operations, we are subject to risks related to changes in currency rates for revenue generated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. For the year ended December 31, 2025 , approximately 51% of our revenue was denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar (primarily, Brazilian real, British pound, euro, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, Mexican peso, Czech koruna and New Zealand dollar). Revenue and profit generated by international operations may increase or decrease compared to prior periods as a result of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Resulting exchange gains and losses are included in our net incom e. In addition, we earn revenue in our cross-border solution from exchanges of currency at spot rates, which enable customers to make cross-currency payments. The cross-border solution also writes foreign currency derivative contracts for our customers. The duration of these derivative contracts at inception is generally less than one year. The credit risk associated with our derivative contracts increases when foreign currency exchange rates move against our customers, possibly impacting their ability to honor their obligations to deliver currency to us or to maintain appropriate collateral with us. Additionally, from time to time, we have and expect to continue to enter into cross-currency swap agreements with financial institutions to hedge against the effect of variability in the U.S. dollar to foreign exchange rates. The swap agreements require an exchange of the notional amounts between us and the counterparties upon expiration or earlier termination of the agreements. If, at the expiration or earlier termination of the swap agreements, the U.S. dollar to applicable foreign exchange rate has declined from the rate in effect on the execution date, we are required to pay the counterparties an amount equal to the excess of the U.S. dollar value over the respective foreign currency principal amount. In the event of a significant decline in the applicable exchange rate, our payment obligations to the counterparties could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows. Furthermore, we are subject to exchange control regulations that restrict or prohibit the conversion of more than a specified amount of our foreign currencies into U.S. dollars and, as we continue to expand, we may become subject to further exchange control regulations that limit our ability to freely utilize and transfer currency in and out of particular jurisdictions. We estimate during the year ended December 31, 2025 , approximately 8% of our consolidated revenue was directly influenced by the absolute price of fuel. Approximately 4% of our consolidated revenue dur ing the year ended December 31, 2025 was derived from transactions where our revenue is tied to fuel price spread s. When our fleet customers purchase fuel, certain arrangements in our Vehicle Payments solutions generate revenue as a percentage of the fuel transaction purchase amount and other arrangements generate revenue based on fuel price spreads. The fuel price that we charge to any Vehicle Payments customer is dependent on several factors including, among others, the fuel price paid to the fuel merchant, posted retail fuel prices and competitive fuel prices. The significant volatility in fuel prices can impact these revenues by lowering total fuel transaction purchase amounts and tightening fuel price spreads. We experience fuel price spread contraction when the merchant’s wholesale cost of fuel increases at a faster rate than the fuel price we charge to our Vehicle Payments customers, or the fuel price we charge to our Vehicle Payments customers decreases at a faster rate than the merchant’s wholesale cost of fuel. The volatility could be due to many factors outside our control, such as geopolitical risk, pandemics, new oil production or slowdowns, shifting of customer preferences (e.g., shift to EV), actions by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and others, speculative trading, changing government regulation, and weather and general economic conditions. Such volatility could make it more difficult to effectively utilize the cash generated by our operations, and may adversely affect our financial condition. The value of certain of our solutions depend, in part, on relationships with bank partners, oil companies, fuel and lodging merchants, truck stop operators, airlines, sales channels and other channels and partnerships to grow our business. The failure to maintain and grow existing relationships, or establish new relationships, could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. The success of our solutions is in part dependent on our ability to maintain relationships with bank partners, major oil companies, petroleum marketers, closed-loop fuel and lodging merchants, truck stop operators, airlines, sales channels and other channels and partnerships (each of whom we refer to as our “partners”). 23 Table of Contents These relationships vary in length and may be renegotiated at the end of their respective terms. Due to the highly competitive, and at times exclusive, nature of these relationships, we often must participate in a competitive bidding process to establish or continue the relationships. Such bidding processes may focus on a limited number of factors, including pricing, which may affect our ability to effectively compete for these relationships. The loss of, failure to maintain, or failure to establish new relationships, or the weakness or decrease in size of companies with whom we maintain relationships, could adversely affect our ability to serve our customers, as well as adversely affect our solutions and operating results. If the various partners with whom we maintain relationships experience bankruptcy, financial distress, or otherwise are forced to contract their operations, our solutions could be adversely impacted. Similarly, because some of our solutions are independently marketed, certain other adverse events outside our control, like those companies’ failure to maintain their brands or a decrease in the size of their branded networks may adversely affect our ability to grow our revenue. Furthermore, we facilitate payment and foreign exchange solutions for enterprises of all sizes using a global network of bank relationships. Increased regulation and compliance requirements are impacting these businesses and our bank relationships by making it more costly for us to provide our solutions or by making it more cumbersome for businesses to do business with us. Any factors that increase the cost for us, our bank relationships, or customers or that restrict, delay, or make delivering our solutions more difficult or impractical, such as trade policy or higher tariffs, could negatively impact our revenues and harm our business. We may also have difficulty establishing or maintaining banking relationships needed to conduct our services due to evolving banks’ policies, risk profiles and compliance requirements, which may vary by financial institution. We must comply with various rules and requirements, including the payment of fees, of Mastercard and our sponsor banks in order to remain registered to participate in the Mastercard networks. A significant source of our revenue comes from processing transactions through the Mastercard networks. In order to offer Mastercard programs to our customers, one of our subsidiaries is registered as a member service provider with Mastercard through sponsorship by Mastercard member banks in both the U.S. and Canada. Registration as a service provider is dependent upon our being sponsored by member banks. If our sponsor banks should stop providing sponsorship for us or determine to provide sponsorship on materially less favorable terms, we would need to find other financial institutions to provide those services or we would need to become a Mastercard member, either of which could prove to be difficult and expensive. Even if we pursue sponsorship by alternative member banks, similar requirements and dependencies would likely still exist . In addition, Mastercard routinely updates and modifies its membership requirements. Changes in such requirements may make it significantly more expensive for us to provide these services, or may require product or process changes within compressed timelines. If we do not comply with Mastercard requirements, it could seek to fine us, suspend us or terminate our registration, which allows us to process transactions on its networks. The termination of our registration, or any changes in the payment network rules that would impair our registration, could require us to stop providing Mastercard payment processing services. If we are unable to find a replacement financial institution to provide sponsorship or become a member, we may no longer be able to provide such services to the affected customers. Changes in Mastercard interchange fees could decrease our revenue. A portion of our revenue is generated by network processing fees charged to merchants, known as interchange fees, associated with transactions processed using our Mastercard-branded cards. Interchange fee amounts associated with our Mastercard network cards are affected by a number of factors, including regulatory limits in the U.S. and Europe and fee changes imposed by Mastercard. In addition, interchange fees are the subject of intense legal, political and regulatory scrutiny and competitive pressures in the electronic payments industry, which could result in lower interchange fees generally in the future. Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from investors, customers and our employees with respect to our environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. There is increasing and, in some jurisdictions, diverging focus by governmental organizations, investors, employees, customers and partners, on ESG topics, including environmental stewardship, climate, diversity and inclusion, workplace conduct and related disclosure. Shifts in expectations, together with evolving climate and sustainability reporting regimes and anti-ESG trends, may require changes to our governance practices and increased compliance and disclosure costs, and will subject us to heightened scrutiny. Negative public perception, adverse publicity or negative social media commentary could damage our reputation if we do not, or are not perceived to, adequately address these issues or if we are viewed as over-emphasizing or under-emphasizing particular ESG positions. Any harm to our reputation could affect employee engagement and retention and the willingness of customers and partners to do business with us. In addition, organizations that inform investors on corporate governance and sustainability matters, including ratings providers, proxy advisors and index compilers, continue to update their methodologies. Unfavorable ratings, downgrades, or exclusion from indices, as well as perceived misalignment with stakeholder expectations, may lead to negative investor sentiment, reduced demand for our securities and the diversion of investment to other companies or industries. Maintaining and enhancing our brands is critical to our business relationships and operating results. 24 Table of Conten
[...TRUNCATED...]