TICKER=CPR.MI|YEAR=2023|CAT=eu|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat3-european/CPR.MI/annual-text/2023.txt
risk factors with respect to financial reporting fraud,
misappropriation of assets and bribery and corruption, in close co-operation with our forensic and legal specialists. We
evaluated whether these factors indicate that a risk of material misstatement due to fraud is present.
We incorporated elements of unpredictability in our audit. We also considered the outcome of our other audit procedures
and evaluated whether any findings were indicative of fraud or non -compliance.

Independent auditor’s report 298

Campari Group-Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2023

Other information

We addressed the risks related to management override of controls, as this risk is present in
all companies. For these risks we have performed procedures among other things to evaluate
key accounting estimates for management bias that may represent a risk of material misstatement due
to fraud, in particular relating to important judgment areas and significant accounting estimates as disclosed in Note 2 (iv)
to the financial statements. We have also used data analysis to identify and address high-risk journal entries and
evaluated the business rationale (or the lack thereof) of significant extraordinary transactions, including those with
related parties.
When identifying and assessing fraud risks we presumed that there are risks of fraud in revenue recognition, in particular
relating to estimates of discounts and deferred incentives. We describe
the audit procedures responsive to the presumed risk of fraud in revenue recognition in the description of our audit
approach for the key audit matter ‘Improper revenue recognition of transactions around year-end including management
override of controls related to estimates of discounts and deferred incentives’.
We considered available information and made enquiries of relevant executives, directors, internal audit, legal,
compliance, human resources, regional directors and the Control, Risk and Sustainability Committee.
The fraud risks we identified, enquiries and other available information did not lead to specific indications for fraud or
suspected fraud potentially materially impacting the view of the
financial statements.
Our audit response related to risks of non-compliance with laws and regulations
We performed appropriate audit procedures regarding compliance with the provisions of those laws and regulations that
have a direct effect on the determination of material amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Furthermore,
we assessed factors related to the risks of non-compliance with laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to
have a material effect on the financial statements from our general industry experience, through discussions with the
board of directors and the Control, Risks & Sustainability Committee, reading minutes, inspection of internal audit and
compliance reports and performing substantive tests of details of classes of transactions, account balances or disclosures.
We also inspected lawyers’ letters and correspondence with regulatory authorities and remained alert
to any indication of (suspected) non-compliance throughout the audit. Finally we obtained written representations that all
known instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations have been disclosed to us.
Our audit response related to going concern
As disclosed in section Going concern including net financial debt in Note 2iv to the financial statements, the financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. When preparing the financial statements, the board of directors
made a specific assessment of the group’s ability to continue as
a going concern and to continue its operations for the foreseeable future.
We discussed and evaluated the specific assessment with the board of directors exercising professional judgment and
maintaining professional skepticism. We considered whether the board of directors’ going concern assessment, based on
our knowledge and understanding obtained through our audit of the financial statements or otherwise, contains all
relevant events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
opinion.

Independent auditor’s report 299

Campari Group-Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2023

Other information

Based on our procedures performed, we did not identify material uncertainties about going concern.
Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events
or conditions may cause a group to cease to continue as a going concern.
Our key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
financial statements. We have communicated the key audit matters to the Control, Risk and Sustainability Committee. The
key audit matters are not a comprehensive reflection of all matters discussed.
In comparison with previous year, the nature of our key audit matters did not change.

Valuation of goodwill and brands with indefinite useful life
Risk

Valuation of goodwill and brands with indefinite useful life are impacted by the same risk and
procedures so we have combined these to matters in one key audit matter.
At 31 December 2023, the recorded amount of goodwill and brands with indefinite useful life was
€1,850.8 million and €1,151.5 million, respectively.
Financial statements disclosures related to the valuation of goodwill and b rands
with indefinite useful life are reported in Note 4iii Intangible assets which describes the
composition of the value as at 31 December 2023 as well as the CGU (Cash Generating Unit)
allocation process and the methodology applied to determine the recoverable amount of assets,
and in particular the valuation methodology and assumptions used, as well as the sensitivity
analysis performed on the recoverable amount upon the modification of the main assumptions.
The processes and the methodologies for the evaluation and calculation of the recoverable amount
of goodwill and brands is based on assumptions that imply management judgment, with particular
reference to the expected cash flows,
included in the 2024 budget and the strategic plan for 2025-2026
(the cash flow plan).
These are prepared by the operating companies and approved by the board of directors. The cash
flow plan was extrapolated on a ten‐year basis. The use of
a ten‐year forecast period was justified by the extension of the life cycle of th e brands in the
reference market, as well as the length of the maturing process of certain brands in some CGUs.
Regarding climate-related matters, the strategic plan considered the necessary investments
accounting to the path to decarbonization. Additionally, for the period beyond the cash flow plan
the board of directors has determined an appropriate long-term growth and discount rate to be
applied to the cash flow forecasts.
Considering the significance of the amounts for the financial statements, the l evel of management
judgement in the assessment of the methodologies and assumptions adopted to determine the
recoverable amount of goodwill and brands with indefinite useful life, we considered this matter a
key audit matter.

Our audit
approach

Our audit procedures related to this key audit matter included, amongst others evaluating the
appropriateness of group’s accounting policies related to the valuation of goodwill and brands

Independent auditor’s report 300

Campari Group-Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2023

Other information

Valuation of goodwill and brands with indefinite useful life
with indefinite useful life in accordance with IAS 36, “Impairment of Assets” and whether these
accounting policies has been applied consistently or whether changes, if any, are appropriate in the
circumstances. Understanding of the processes and key controls implemented by the group in
connection to the valuation of goodwill and brands with indefinite useful life, as identified in the
impairment test procedures approved by the board of directors and how assets and liabilities have
been allocated to CGU’s.
Furthermore, we performed the following procedures with the support of our own experts in
valuation techniques:
• Evaluation of the methodologies applied and the discount rates used by the
group based on market practice as well as the mathematical accuracy of the calculation models
• Inspection of the independent expert report supporting the group’s
impairment test
• Reperforming the sensitivity analysis on the key assumptions in order to identify the changes in
assumptions that could have a significant impact on the determination of the recoverable
amount. For the forward looking information used in the cash flow plan, ten -year forecast and
long-term expectations,
we evaluated:
• The quality of the forecasts as compared to the historical accuracy of
the previous forecasts
• How the strategic plan includes the necessary investments for the path
to decarbonization
• The criteria used in the determination of the long-term growth and the
discount rates with market reports and public information about demographic and economic
developments
Lastly, we evaluated the adequacy of the disclosure provided in the explanatory notes to the
consolidated financial statements.
Key observations

The assumptions used in the impairment model are within acceptable ranges and we agree with the
board of directors’ conclusions.

Improper revenue recognition of transactions around year-end including management override of
controls related to estimates of discounts and deferred incentives
Risk

The group recognizes revenues when the customer gains the control of goods according to the
contract terms applicable to specific distribution channel. The revenue recognized is based on the
price provided in the agreement, net of discounts or estimated deferred incentives granted in line
with industry practice. The estimate of discounts and deferred incentives due to customers in
relation to sales for the year is recognized based on customer agreements and historical experience.

Independent auditor’s report 301

Campari Group-Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2023

Other information

Improper revenue recognition of transactions around year-end including management override of
controls related to estimates of discounts and deferred incentives
Considering the high volume of sales transactions, through different distribution channels, the
significance of the estimate of discounts and deferred incentives,
and the complexity due to the number of variable agreement terms for different customers, as well
as the potential risk of management override of controls or other inappropriate influence on
revenue recognition, we consider this matter a key audit matter.
Financial statements disclosures related to revenue recognition, estimate of discounts and deferred
incentives are reported in Note 3i Net sales in the paragraph related to Revenues from sales and
services.
Our audit
approach

The procedures designed to address the matter in our audit included, among others:
• Evaluating the appropriateness of the company’s accounting policies for revenue recognition in
particular relating to estimates of discounts and deferred incentives in accordance with IFRS 15
“Revenue from Contracts with Customers” and whether these policies have been applied
consistently or whether changes, if any, are appropriate in the circumstances
• Understanding of the processes and key controls implemented by the group
in connection with the estimate of discounts and deferred incentives
• Testing key controls specifically related to determining satisfaction of the contractual terms and
information related to sales
• Substantive testing on a sample of sales transactions, estimate of discounts and deferred
incentives
• Performing look-back analysis of prior year discount and deferred incentives estimate against
actual results and analysis of variances
• Substantive testing on a sample of sales transactions recognized at year end, considering the
different distribution channels, to evaluate revenue recognition in the correct financial year.
Lastly, we evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.

Key observations

Based on the audit procedures performed, we did not identify any material misstatements in the
revenue reported.

Report on other information included in the annual report
The annual report contains other information in addition to the financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.
Based on the following procedures performed, we conclude that the other information:
• Is consistent with the financial statements and does not contain material misstatements
• Contains the information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code for the
management report and the other information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and as required
by Sections 2:135b and 2:145 sub-section 2 of the Dutch Civil Code for the remuneration report.

Independent auditor’s report 302

Campari Group-Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2023

Other information

We have read the other information. Based on our knowledge and understanding obtained through
our audit of the financial statements or otherwise, we have considered whether the other information contains material
misstatements. By performing these procedures, we comply with the requirements of Part 9 of Book 2 and Section 2:135b
sub-Section 7 of the Dutch Civil Code and the Dutch Standard 720. The scope of the procedures performed is substantially
less than the scope of those performed in our audit of the financial statements.
The board of directors is responsible for the preparation of the other information, including the management report in
accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and other information required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch
Civil Code. The board of directors is responsible for ensuring that the remuneration report is drawn up and published in
accordance with Sections 2:135b and 2:145 sub-section 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements and ESEF
Engagement
We were engaged by the shareholders' meeting as auditor of Davide Campari-Milano N.V. on
July 27, 2020, as of the audit for the year 2020 and have operated as statutory auditor ever since
that date.
No prohibited non-audit services
We have not provided prohibited non-audit services as referred to in Article 5(1) of the EU Regulation on specific
requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities.
European Single Electronic Reporting Format (ESEF)
Davide Campari-Milano N.V. has prepared the annual report in ESEF. The requirements for this are
set out in the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815 with regard to regulatory technical standards on
the specification of a single electronic reporting format (hereinafter: the RTS on ES EF).
In our opinion the annual report prepared in the XHTML format, including the (partially) marked -up consolidated financial
statements as included in the reporting package by Davide Campari-Milano N.V., complies in all material respects with the
RTS on ESEF.

Independent auditor’s report 303

Campari Group-Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2023

Other information

The board of directors is responsible for preparing the annual report, including the financial statements, in accordance
with the RTS on ESEF, whereby the board of directors combines the various components into a single reporting package.
Our responsibility is to obtain reasonable assurance for our opinion whether the annual report in this reporting package
complies with the RTS on ESEF.
We performed our examination in accordance with Dutch law, including Dutch Standard 3950N, ”Assurance -opdrachten
inzake het voldoen aan de criteria voor het opstellen van een digitaal verantwoordingsdocument” (assurance
engagements relating to compliance with criteria for digital reporting). Our examination included amongst others:
• Obtaining an understanding of the group’s financial reporting process, including the preparation of the reporting
package
• Identifying and assessing the risks that the annual report does not comply in all material respects with the RTS on ESEF
and designing and performing further assurance procedures responsive to those risks to provide a basis for our
opinion, including:
• Obtaining the reporting package and performing validations to determine whether the reporting package containing
the Inline XBRL instance document and the XBRL extension taxonomy files, has been prepared in accordance with
the technical specifications as included in the RTS on ESEF
• Examining the information related to the consolidated financial statements in the reporting package to determine
whether all required mark-ups have been applied and whether these are
in accordance with the RTS on ESEF.

Description of responsibilities regarding the financial statements
Responsibilities of the board of directors for the financial statements
The board of directors is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance
with EU-IFRS and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. Furthermore, the board of directors is responsible for such
internal control as the board of directors determines is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
As part of the preparation of the financial statements, the board of directors is responsible for assessing the group’s
ability to continue as a going concern. Based on the financial reporting framework mentioned, the board of directors
should prepare the financial statements using the going concern basis of accounting unless the board of directors either
intends to liquidate the group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. The board of directors
should disclose events and circumstances that may cast significant doubt on the group’s ability to continue as a going
concern in
the financial statements.
The Non-Executive Directors are charged with the supervision of the Executive Directors, including supervision on the
integrity and quality of financial reporting. Working within the board of directors,
the Control, Risk and Sustainability Committee is charged with the monitoring of the group’s financial reporting process
and the preparatory work for the Non-Executive Directors’ decision-making regarding the supervision of the integrity and
quality of the group’s financial reporting.

Independent auditor’s report 304

Campari Group-Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2023

Other information

Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objective is to plan and perform the audit engagement in a manner that allows u s to obtain sufficient and appropriate
audit evidence for our opinion.
Our audit has been performed with a high, but not absolute, level of assurance, which means we may not detect all
material errors and fraud during our audit.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
financial statements. The materiality affects the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and the evaluation of
the effect of identified misstatements on our opinion.
We have exercised professional judgment and have maintained professional skepticism throughout
the audit, in accordance with Dutch Standards on Auditing, ethical requirements and independence requirements. The
Information in support of our opinion section above includes an informative summary of our responsibilities and the work
performed as the basis for our opinion.
Our audit further included among others:
• Performing audit procedures responsive to the risks identified, and obtaining audit evidence that is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion
• Obtaining an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the group’s internal control
• Evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
related disclosures made by the board of directors
• Evaluating the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures
• Evaluating whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
a manner that achieves fair presentation
Communication
We communicate with the Control, Risk and Sustainability Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant findings in internal control that we i dentify
during our audit.
In this respect we also submit an additional report to the Control, Risk and Sustainability Committee
in accordance with Article 11 of the EU Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audit
of public-interest entities. The information included in this additional report is consistent with our audit opinion in this
auditor’s report.
We provide the Control, Risk and Sustainability Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

Independent auditor’s report 305

Campari Group-Annual report for the year ended 31 December 2023

Other information

From the matters communicated with the Control, Risk and Sustainability Committee, we determine the key audit
matters: those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial st atements. We describe these matters
in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, not communicating the matter is in the public interest.

Rotterdam, 27 February 2024

Ernst & Young Accountants LLP

signed by P.W.J. (Pieter) Laan

Independent auditor’s report 306

Campari Group-Annual report at 31 December 2020

Intentionally blank page

Campari Group-Annual report at 31 December 2020

Davide Campari-Milano N.V.
Legal domicile: Amsterdam, The Netherlands-Dutch Companies’ Register n. 78502934
Corporate address: Via Franco Sacchetti, 20, 20099 Sesto San Giovanni (Milan), Italy
Share capital composed of ordinary shares: €11,616,000.00
Fiscal Code and Milan Companies’ Register n. 06672120158 - VAT n. IT06672120158
Investor Relations
investor.relations@campari.com

