TICKER=CRH|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CRH_2026-02-18.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the following risk factors before investing in our Ordinary Shares. The following risks are considered material to our business based upon current knowledge, information, and assumptions. The risks and uncertainties we describe below relate to future events, expectations, trends, and operating periods, are subject to change and are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are not aware or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect the business, financial condition, and results of operations of the Company. If any of the possible events described below were to occur, the business, financial condition, and results of operations of the Company could be materially and adversely affected. If that happens, the market price of our Ordinary Shares could decline, and holders of our Ordinary Shares could lose all or part of their investment. This Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including (but not limited to) the risks described below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Risks Related to Our Industry and Our Business Industry Cyclicality and Economic Conditions CRH’s business depends on construction demand, and construction activity is inherently cyclical and influenced by multiple factors, including global and national economic circumstances (particularly those affecting the infrastructure and construction markets), monetary policy, consumer sentiment, swings in fuel and other input costs, and weather conditions that may, individually or collectively, disrupt outdoor construction activity. Given the nature of our core products, many of which cannot be transported on a cost-effective basis over long distances, our operations are particularly sensitive to the economic conditions in the local markets in which we operate. In general, economic uncertainty and rising interest rates can exacerbate negative trends in construction activity, including when current and/or prospective customers are unable to obtain credit or issue bonds, which can lead to the postponement, delay and/or cancellation of projects, and an associated negative impact on demand for building materials and related services. With a significant proportion of construction activity undertaken outside (e.g. highway construction), demand for and the utilization of the Company's products and services such as cementitious materials, aggregates, asphalt, concrete, and concrete products can be highly seasonal in line with customer demand, and may additionally be impacted by acute and/or chronic changes in global and/or localized weather events/conditions. In addition, CRH may also be negatively impacted by fluctuations in the price of fuel and principal energy-related raw materials, which accounted for approximately 10% of Total revenues in 2025, consistent with 10% in 2024, with no guarantee that the Company will continue to be able to absorb these inflationary pressures. Government Infrastructure Spending CRH’s financial performance may be adversely impacted by reductions or delays in government infrastructure spending. A significant percentage of the Company’s products and/or services is consumed by public infrastructure projects, including the construction of highways and bridges. Accordingly, demand for our products may be impacted by adverse changes in public policy, as well as the financial resources and investment strategy of government bodies in our markets. The allocation of government funding for public infrastructure programs is a key driver for our markets, such as the infrastructure elements of the IIJA in the United States and large European infrastructure initiatives. However, government budget deficits might reduce government infrastructure investment and reduce demand for the Company’s products. Similarly, any significant delay and/or adverse change in investment strategy by policy makers in any of the Company’s key markets could reduce market demand, adversely impacting financial performance. Adverse Geopolitical Change/Environment Adverse public policy, economic, social, and political situations in any country in which the Company operates could lead to a number of risks including health and safety risks for the Company's people, a fall in demand for the Company’s products, business interruption, restrictions on repatriation of earnings and/or a loss of plant access. CRH primarily operates across North America, Europe, and Australia. The economies of these countries in which we operate are broadly stable. However, they are at varying stages of development, which presents multiple risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect the Company’s operations and financial results. These risks and uncertainties include: • Changes in political, social or economic conditions; • New or strengthened trade protection measures, currency controls or import or export licensing requirements; • Political unrest and currency shocks; • Social activism and civil disturbance, terrorist events or outbreak of armed conflict, among other potential causes; • Labor and procurement practices which contravene ethical considerations and regulatory requirements; • Unexpected changes in regulatory and tax requirements; and • Lockdowns or other restrictions due to public health emergencies, such as pandemics. In addition, CRH has people, assets, and operations in Ukraine and neighboring countries, which face physical risk due to the ongoing conflict. The Board and management are actively monitoring the situation in Ukraine, as uncertainty continues to exist due to the ongoing conflict in the region. 12 CRH FORM 10-K Health and Safety Performance CRH’s businesses operate in an industry with inherent health and safety risks, including the operation of heavy vehicles, working at height, use of mechanized processes, and handling of substances and materials potentially hazardous to people, animal life and/or the environment. Any failure to ensure safe workplaces could result in a deterioration in CRH’s safety performance and related adverse regulatory action or legal liability. Health and safety incidents could significantly impact CRH’s operational and financial performance, as well as its reputation. CRH’s safety risks extend to sites not wholly within our control, including outdoor paving and construction sites. This environment presents a complex challenge which requires safe behaviors and engagement from employees as well as robust Company policies and procedures. A high number of accidents may pose additional challenges in recruiting new employees, ensuring operational continuity and maintaining licenses and permits. Further, CRH is subject to a broad and stringent range of existing and evolving laws, regulations, standards, and best practices with respect to health and safety in each of the jurisdictions in which it operates. Should CRH’s health and safety frameworks, processes, and controls fail to comply with such regulations, the Company could be exposed to significant potential legal liabilities and penalties. Any failure resulting in the discharge or release of hazardous substances to the environment (e.g. storage tank leaks or explosions) could in addition expose CRH to significant liability remediation costs and/or penalties that impact our financial position. In addition, potential issues with products could lead to health, safety and other issues for our broad range of stakeholders including our employees, contractors, customers, and communities. The occurrence or recurrence of disruptive/dangerous pandemics could materially endanger our workers and/or contractors. People Management CRH may not achieve its strategic objectives if it is not successful in attracting, engaging, retaining, and developing employees with the required skill sets, planning for leadership succession, developing an engaged and inclusive workforce, and building constructive relationships with collective representation groups. The identification and subsequent assessment, management, development, and deployment of talented individuals is of major importance in continuing to deliver on the Company’s strategy and in ensuring that succession planning objectives for key executive roles throughout its international operations are satisfied. As well as ensuring the Company identifies, hires, integrates, engages, develops, and promotes talent, the Company must attract and retain a broad workforce representing diversity of thought and perspective and maintain an inclusive working environment. Our ability to achieve these objectives depends on the availability of a pool of workers with the required training and skills, and the attractiveness of our employer value proposition compared with competing employers. The Company operates in a labor-intensive industry and can face frontline labor shortages that impact its ability to produce goods, operate facilities, and install products. Additionally, any significant loss of employee resources for a sustained period of time (e.g. due to sickness or a public health emergency) could impact the Company’s ability to maintain operations. The Company must also maintain constructive relationships with the trade/labor unions that represent certain employees under collective agreements. Failure to do so could mean that the Company cannot renegotiate on appropriate terms the relevant collective agreements upon expiration and may face strikes or work stoppages as a consequence. Poor labor relations could create reputational risk for the Company and/or disrupt our businesses, raise costs, and reduce revenues and earnings from the affected locations, with potential adverse effects on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. Strategic Mineral Reserves and Permitting Failure of CRH to maintain access to mineral resources and reserves, plan for reserve depletion, and secure or maintain permits for its mining operations may result in operation stoppages, adversely impacting financial performance. Continuity of the cash flows derived from the production and sale of certain building materials depends on satisfactory reserves planning, including appropriate long-term arrangements for their replacement. The high weight-to-price ratio of the aggregates we consume generally makes it uneconomical to transport them over long distances, and accordingly it is important to secure high quality mineral resources local to our markets or adjacent to appropriate logistical hubs (e.g. rail infrastructure). Any failure to adequately plan for reserve depletion, or accurately forecast future growth markets, could lead to a failure to maintain, and/or acquire and develop required sites, especially given long development lead times, and associated operational stoppages that adversely impact financial performance and cash flows. Appropriate reserves are increasingly scarce, and licenses and permits required for operations are also becoming harder to secure (e.g. due to increasing resistance from communities that have expanded around potential attractive reserves). In addition, the Company cannot guarantee that it will continue to satisfy the many terms and conditions under which such licenses and permits are granted and/or renewed. Reserve estimates and projections of production rates of the minerals used in the Company’s products inherently contain numerous assumptions and uncertainties, that, for example, may depend upon geological interpretation, and statistical inferences or assumptions drawn from drilling and sampling analysis. If such interpretations, inferences or assumptions are subsequently proven incorrect and differ materially from actual geological conditions and/or production rates, we may exhaust reserves more quickly than anticipated over the long-term. The failure to plan adequately for current and future extraction and utilization or to ensure ongoing compliance with requirements of issuing authorities could lead to operational disruptions and negatively affect our long-term financial results. For additional information on the Company’s reserves position, see pages 21 to 25. 13 CRH FORM 10-K Climate Change and Policy The impact of climate change may adversely affect CRH’s operations and cost base and the stability of markets in which the Company operates. Risks related to climate change that could affect the Company’s operations and financial performance include both physical risks (such as acute and chronic changes in weather) and transitional risks (such as technological development, policy and regulation change, and market and economic responses). Risks related to climate change that could affect the Company’s operations and/or financial performance are discussed as follows: Physical Acute weather events such as hurricanes or flooding, and chronic events such as increased precipitation, rising sea levels and/or temperatures may have an adverse effect on the Company’s business and operations. Operational productivity and demand for the Company’s products may be reduced during these weather events leading to reduced financial performance. Changing population demographics and other macro events arising from climate change may also impact demand for our products in significantly affected areas. Transition • Legal and Regulatory: As stakeholder expectations with regard to climate change continue to evolve, and various governmental bodies in our markets propose changes to laws and regulations covering emissions, carbon allowances and taxation, we may be exposed to increased operational, compliance and litigation related risks and costs. Efforts to address climate change through laws and regulations, for example by requiring reductions in emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG) such as CO 2 can create economic risks and uncertainties for the Company’s businesses. Such risks could include the introduction of more extensive carbon emissions caps and associated carbon costs, additional costs of installing equipment to reduce emissions to comply with GHG limits, and higher costs from the imposition of legislative and/or regulatory controls. There is a risk of reduced competitiveness due to any failure of equalization measures to level costs between domestic producers and importers from countries with lower enforced environmental regulations/GHG constraints. • Technology: The Company has publicly set itself carbon emission reduction goals and ambitions, the delivery of which may depend on the rapid advancement of technologies, such as CCUS, that are still in early prototype or development phases. If our assumptions as to technology development timelines and/or our ability to economically access them prove inaccurate, we may be unable to deliver our emissions targets . • Reputational: Any failure to reduce emissions arising from our operations or meet investor and other stakeholder groups’ expectations with regard to emissions reductions may adversely impact the Company's reputation and/or increase the likelihood of associated stakeholder litigation. In addition, the Company may incur materially increased costs related to increases in the cost of carbon, requirements to make further capital investments, reduced access to capital, challenges in retaining and/or attracting talent, local community opposition to operating facilities, and any inability to secure licensing permits. Portfolio Management CRH engages in acquisition and divestiture activity as part of active portfolio management, and this portfolio management activity presents risks around due diligence, execution, and integration of assets. Additionally, the Company may be liable for liabilities of companies it has acquired or divested. Failure to efficiently identify and execute deals may limit the Company’s growth potential and impact financial performance. The Company’s acquisition strategy depends on successfully identifying and acquiring suitable assets at prices that satisfy our stringent cash flow and return on investment criteria. The Company may not be able to identify such companies, and, even if identified, may not be able to acquire them because of a variety of factors including the outcome of due diligence processes, the ability to raise required funds on acceptable terms, regulatory approvals (including in certain instances from competition authorities) and competition for transactions from peers and other entities acquiring companies in the building materials sector. In addition, situations may arise where the Company may be liable for the past acts, omissions or liabilities of acquired companies, or may remain liable in cases of divestiture (including for potential environmental liabilities or potential ongoing information technology (IT) support). In addition, the Company’s ability to realize the expected benefits from acquisitions depends in part on its ability to integrate newly-acquired businesses. If the Company fails to integrate acquisitions, it may not achieve expected growth synergies or financial, operating or other benefits, and it may incur write-downs, impairment charges or unforeseen liabilities that could negatively affect its operating results or financial position or could otherwise harm its business. Further, integrating an acquired business, products, or technology, or remediating post-acquisition underperformance and associated operational challenges, could divert management time and resources from other matters. The Company may decide to use shares of its common stock to complete an acquisition and/or make strategic investments in other companies, which may dilute the ownership interests of existing shareholders and adversely impact the price of our stock. Payment of Dividends/Share Repurchase Program CRH may not pay dividends or make other returns of capital to shareholders in the future, and our current share repurchase program may not enhance long-term shareholder value. We cannot guarantee that we will pay or maintain dividends at their current level, or effect other future returns of capital (including, without limitation, share repurchases). Our ability to pay dividends or effect other returns of capital depends on factors such as our financial performance, cash flow requirements, business outlook, working capital requirements, interest expenses, economic climate, regulatory considerations, and any other factors deemed significant by the Board in exercising its discretion to return capital. In addition, under Irish law dividends may only be paid, and share repurchases and redemptions must generally be funded only, out of distributable reserves. In addition, we cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program of our Ordinary Shares will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term shareholder value. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased/redeemed will depend on a variety of factors including the price, cash availability and other market conditions; the share repurchase program does not oblige us to repurchase/redeem any specific dollar amount or to acquire/redeem any specific number of shares, and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may adversely affect the trading price of our Ordinary Shares. The existence of our share repurchase program could also cause increased volatility in the price of our Ordinary Shares or increase the price of our Ordinary Shares and thus reduce their liquidity. Additionally, repurchases and redemptions under our share repurchase program will diminish our cash reserves, which may adversely affect our financial position. 14 CRH FORM 10-K Early-Stage Business/Technology Investment CRH’s venture capital unit may fail to achieve expected commercial success and financial returns, and CRH may lose all or part of its investments in early-stage companies. CRH, through its $250 million Venturing and Innovation Fund, makes investments in early-stage ventures focused on construction, sustainability and digitalization technology whose products and services may offer us future competitive advantage. Investing in early-stage businesses and/or technologies presents inherent risks, with the potential that we may lose all or part of our investment if they fail to achieve anticipated strategic, technological, and financial returns. If we realize losses on our venture investments, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely impacted. Sustainable Products and Innovation If CRH fails to develop new sustainable products that meet customer needs, we may fall behind our competitors and our financial performance may be adversely impacted. We operate in competitive markets with customers continuously pushing suppliers to deliver new, innovative products and solutions that enable them to work more efficiently, reduce their environmental footprint and realize greater cost savings. This is especially so in relation to changing customer preferences and demands for high-performance sustainability solutions with enhanced emissions and/or circularity profiles, including those with greater recycled content and/or innovations to existing products, that help them to deliver on their own climate and/or emissions-related commitments. The failure to keep up with the pace of technological change may lead to increased operational costs and financial loss through the inability to supply products to customers who require innovative and low-carbon sustainable solutions. Failure to leverage innovation and other sustainability initiatives, for example transitioning to innovative lower-carbon products such as RAP, permeable paving solutions, lower-carbon cements and other high-performance sustainability solutions, may shorten product life cycles or give rise to early product obsolescence thus impairing financial performance and/or future value creation. Commodity Products and Substitution CRH manufactures and supplies a large number of commodity products into highly competitive markets. Failure by CRH to maintain pricing in an inflationary environment and to differentiate its products from its competitors could adversely impact our financial performance. Many of the Company’s products are commodities that face strong volume and price competition, with pricing impacted by macroeconomic conditions, the competitive environment, the degree of utilization of production capacity and the specifics of product demand, among other factors. In addition, the Company’s local competitors are increasingly innovative and cost competitive, and our products may also face competition from substitute products, including new products, that the Company does not produce. Any significant shift in demand preference to these alternate products could adversely impact market share and results of operations. The Company may experience downward pricing pressure from time to time across its different markets and may not always be able to raise prices to offset increased operating expenses and inflationary pressures. The Company’s profits are particularly sensitive to changes in volume, as the cement business is capital-intensive and thus has significant fixed and semi-fixed costs. Any failure to maintain strong customer relationships could result in an inability to respond to changing consumer preferences and approaches to construction. Failure to differentiate and innovate could lead to adverse impacts on financial performance. Enabling Business Technology CRH depends on multiple types of information and operational technologies, and failure to properly manage and maintain such technologies could adversely impact our ability to operate. The Company makes significant capital investments in information and operational technology, and systems to promote operational efficiency and maintain competitive advantage. Some of these investments relate to complex, multi-year technology deployments that require specialist customization and project management to deliver expected value (including Enterprise Reporting Program (ERP) and industrial control systems deployments and upgrades). The Company maintains a complex operating environment in relation to both information and operating technology, that includes on-premises, hybrid and cloud technologies supported by a mixture of third-party outsourced service providers and internal resources. Any failure to properly manage the customization and/or deployment of these systems or this complex operating environment may result in additional costs being incurred and/or delayed or eroded benefit realization. If we fail to make the required technological investments at the right time, or fail to appropriately leverage emerging technologies, we may lose competitive advantage and/or inhibit our ability to comply with evolving laws and/or regulations. Given the specific nature of the technology that the Company implements, it often relies on the support of specialist third-parties; any failure to secure appropriately skilled and experienced third-parties may result in an increased risk of unsuccessful implementations, time delays and/or increased costs. Major Business Interruption CRH depends on the continued availability of people, production equipment, processes and systems, and our production could be materially disrupted by operational failures, which would have a negative impact on our profitability. Given the capital-intensive nature of some of our product lines, with significant fixed and semi-fixed costs, the Company's profits are particularly sensitive to changes in volume, creating an exposure to any natural and/or human events that could disrupt production. The ongoing, efficient operation of our facilities is often dependent on important pieces of equipment and IT networks/infrastructure. These can present single points of failure and can be difficult to quickly and/or easily replace due to long supply chain lead times and high associated capital costs. It is possible we could experience periodic disruption to equipment availability for a variety of reasons, including accidents, mechanical failures, fires/explosions, and extreme weather conditions. In addition to damaging equipment, extreme weather events could also disrupt operations through delaying project start dates, extending product curing times, and/or disrupting infrastructure on which we depend including power and water networks. In addition, the manual nature of some of our manufacturing processes and infrastructure projects, including highway construction and maintenance, creates a high level of dependency on our highly skilled workforce. Any event that materially inhibits our people from being able to work, including an inability to get to our facilities and/or customer sites or widespread sickness/pandemic, could materially disrupt our operations, with adverse impacts on financial performance. 15 CRH FORM 10-K Cybersecurity CRH depends on multiple information and operational technology systems, including certain systems for which third-parties are in whole or in part responsible. We may be unable to protect our assets and data against increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity attacks. Security breaches, IT interruptions or data loss could result in significant business disruption, loss of production, reputational damage and/or regulatory penalties. The Company has not been subject to a cyber-attack that has had a material impact on our operations or financial results. However, we have faced attempted cyber-attacks and are likely to face future cyber-attacks, including malware or ransomware attacks, or suffer other human or technological errors that have a material impact. Breaches, significant IT interruptions or errors could disrupt production software, permit manipulation of financial data, and could lead to corruption or theft of sensitive data that we collect and retain about our customers, suppliers, employees, and business performance. Following a material cybersecurity incident, the Company may incur significant remediation costs, may face regulatory proceedings and/or private litigation, and may suffer damage to our reputation and customer confidence in our operations. Our businesses rely on information and operational technologies to support critical business processes and activities, and failures or breaches of such technologies could lead to production curtailment and/or other operational disruptions. We rely on specialist third-parties to provide many of our information and operational technology systems, and vulnerabilities within such third-party systems could have a material negative effect on us. The third-parties on whom we rely may themselves be affected by cybersecurity breaches or failures, which could lead to operational disruption or other negative consequences that could adversely impact our own business and financial condition. In addition, the Company regularly engages in acquisition activity as part of its active portfolio management. Many newly-acquired companies rely on different information and operational technology systems to the rest of the Company and may not have cybersecurity protections comparable to those implemented throughout the existing Company. Integrating newly-acquired companies and assets and implementing appropriate cybersecurity controls may be more resource-intensive and time-consuming than anticipated. Failure to appropriately integrate new acquisitions into our cybersecurity and IT systems can lead to vulnerabilities and make our systems more complex to secure. Further, the global nature of our operations and diverse information and operational technologies used across the Company may result in potential delays in the detection and reporting of cyber incidents. In addition, as cybersecurity threats evolve, including from emerging technologies, such as advanced forms of AI and quantum computing, the Company is increasingly required to expend additional resources to enhance our cybersecurity protection measures and may be required to expend additional resources to investigate and remediate identified vulnerabilities. Supply Chain Failure CRH’s ability to maintain production capacity and/or quality depends on the reliable and economic sourcing of various input materials, and failure to manage any material disruption in our supply chains could adversely impact our ability to service our customers and result in a deterioration in operational and/or financial performance. The Company must reliably and economically source various raw materials, equipment and other inputs from many third-party suppliers and then transport finished products to satisfy customer demands and meet contractual requirements. Our ability to balance maintaining resilient supply chains with optimizing our working capital and inventory levels is critical to the continuity and strong financial returns of our operations. Any failure to manage any material disruption in our supply chains, including where we do not hold adequate buffer stocks and/or are unable to source adequate alternatives within acceptable timelines and at reasonable cost, could adversely impact our ability to service our customers and result in a deterioration in operational and/or financial performance, and reputational damage. Some of the raw materials, equipment, transport and other inputs that the Company requires are limited to a small number of suppliers from which the Company can economically and/or practically source, which often have long lead times. Any of our suppliers may experience temporary, prolonged or even permanent operational disruption (e.g. significant system outages) and/or capacity in the market may fall below required levels (e.g. for haulage capacity), which could have an adverse impact on the Company’s operations, financial performance, and reputation. In addition, in certain markets in which the Company operates, including markets for steel, cement, bitumen and SCMs, contracted market demand can far outstrip supply, which may restrict the Company’s ability to obtain alternative suppliers or additional volumes where necessary. Our focus on responsible sourcing practices and other Environmental & Social Governance (ESG) considerations may also limit the pool of acceptable suppliers from which we may choose to source. Construction Contracts A number of our projects/contracts are complex, spanning multiple parties, years and/or products, and our future financial results may be adversely affected if we incorrectly forecast project budgets, deliver projects that do not meet contracted standards, or fail to deliver on time. Across the Company’s business lines, we enter into contracts for complex, multi-year projects that comprise multiple product lines and as such are exposed to inherent risks related to forecasting and budgeting, project management and delivery, and quality control. Any failure to manage these risks may reduce the Company’s profitability and/or damage its reputation, with associated impacts on our ability to bid for and/or win future contracts. Risks Related to Financial, Regulatory and Reporting Environment Laws, Regulations and Business Conduct CRH is subject to a wide variety of local and international laws and regulations. CRH may face adverse operational and financial effects and reputational damage, including significant fines, debarment or other sanctions, due to litigation or investigations in connection with breaches or perceived breaches of such laws and regulations or otherwise. In addition, we are governed by the Irish Companies Act, which differs from laws generally applicable to U.S. companies. As an Irish incorporated company, with a primary listing on the NYSE and an international secondary listing on the LSE, CRH must comply with a wide variety of local and international laws and regulations, including the Irish Companies Act, U.S. securities laws and regulations, NYSE listing requirements, the Market Abuse Regulation, the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, and other relevant legislation and regulation. The Company is also subject to various statutes, regulations and laws affecting land usage, zoning, labor and employment practices, competition/anti-trust, financial reporting, taxation, anti-fraud and theft, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, governance, data protection and data privacy and security, environmental, health and safety, and international trade and sanctions laws, among other matters. 16 CRH FORM 10-K There can be no assurance that the Company’s policies and procedures will afford adequate protection against compliance failures or other fraudulent and/or corrupt activities. Any failure to comply with the requirements of any of these laws and/or regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and/or reputation, with resultant litigation or investigations, the imposition of significant fines, sanctions, debarment from operating in key markets, and/or reputational damage. Where subject to litigation, we establish reserves in line with the requirements of the relevant accounting standards, where there is a clearly defined past event, when the loss is assessed as probable and we can reasonably estimate the amount. These estimated reserves are based on the facts and circumstances known to the Company at the time of estimation and subsequent reporting and subsequent developments related to these matters may affect our assessment and estimates. In addition, we are incorporated under Irish law, which treats interested director and officer transactions and shareholder lawsuits differently than the laws generally applicable to U.S. incorporated corporations and our shareholders may thus have more difficulty protecting their interests than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction of the United States. As we are an Irish company, the duties of our directors and officers are generally owed to CRH plc. Our shareholders will generally not have a personal right of action against our directors or officers and in limited circumstances only may exercise rights of action on behalf of the Company. Financial Instruments CRH uses financial instruments throughout its businesses giving rise to interest rate and leverage, foreign currency, counterparty, credit rating, and liquidity risks. A downgrade of the Company’s credit ratings may give rise to increases in future funding costs and may impair the Company’s ability to raise funds on acceptable terms. In addition, insolvency of the financial institutions with which the Company conducts business may adversely impact the Company’s financial position. Risks related to Company financing that could affect its operations and/or financial performance are discussed as follows: Interest rate and leverage risks As of December 31, 2025, the Company had outstanding gross indebtedness, including overdrafts, finance lease liabilities and the impact of derivatives, of approximately $18.2 billion, compared to $14.3 billion in 2024, and Cash and cash equivalents and Restricted cash of approximately $4.1 billion, compared to $3.8 billion in 2024. The Company uses interest rate swaps to manage its interest rate profile. Significant acquisition activity could adversely affect our leverage profile and, in turn, adversely impact operating and financial flexibility as well as financial position. There can be no assurance that the Company will not be adversely impacted by increases in borrowing costs in the future. Foreign currency risks If the Company’s reporting currency weakens relative to the basket of foreign currencies in which Net Debt* 6 is denominated (including the euro, Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar, Philippine Peso, Polish Zloty, and Swiss Franc), the Net Debt* balance would increase; the converse would apply if the Company’s reporting currency was to strengthen. Where economically feasible, Net Debt* is maintained in the same relative ratio as capital employed to act as an economic hedge of the underlying currency assets. Counterparty risks Insolvency of the financial institutions with which the Company conducts business or a downgrade in their credit ratings may lead to losses in the cash balances that the Company holds with such financial institutions or losses in derivative transactions that the Company has entered into with these parties and may render it more difficult for the Company to utilize existing debt capacity or otherwise obtain financing for operations. The Company holds significant cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash on deposit and derivative transactions with a variety of highly-rated financial institutions which as of December 31, 2025, totaled $4.1 billion and $60 million, compared to $3.8 billion and $27 million, respectively, in 2024. In addition, certain of the Company’s activities give rise to significant amounts receivable from counterparties at the balance sheet date; as of December 31, 2025, this balance was $4.7 billion and in 2024 this balance was $4.4 billion. Credit rating risks A downgrade of the Company’s credit ratings may give rise to increases in funding costs in respect of future debt and may, among other matters, impair its ability to access debt markets or otherwise raise funds or enter into lines of credit, for example, on acceptable terms. Such a downgrade may result from factors specific to the Company, including increased indebtedness stemming from acquisition activity, or from other factors such as general economic or sector specific weakness, Central Bank monetary policy, governmental fiscal policy or sovereign credit rating ceilings. In addition, any downgrade, suspension or withdrawal of one or more of our ratings could result in the market price, yield or marketability of our securities being adversely affected. Liquidity risks The principal liquidity risks stem from the maturation of debt obligations and derivative transactions. The Company aims to achieve flexibility in funding sources through a variety of means including (i) maintaining cash and cash equivalents with a number of highly-rated counterparties; (ii) meeting the bulk of debt requirements through debt capital markets or other term financing; (iii) limiting the annual maturity of such balances; and (iv) having surplus committed bank lines of credit. However, market or economic conditions may make it difficult at times to realize this objective. In addition, continued focus on climate change by investors and lenders may affect their preferences and sentiments, potentially impacting the Company’s access to and cost of capital, and investment attractiveness. 6 * * Represents a non-GAAP measure. See “Non-GAAP Reconciliation and Supplementary Information” on pages 35 to 38 for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 17 CRH FORM 10-K Taxation Charge and Balance Sheet Provisioning CRH is exposed to uncertainties stemming from governmental actions in respect of taxes paid or payable in the future in all jurisdictions of operation. In addition, various assumptions are made in the computation of the overall tax charge and in balance sheet provisions which may need to be adjusted over time. Changes in tax regimes or assessment of additional tax liabilities in future tax audits could result in incremental tax liabilities which could have a material adverse effect on cash flows and the financial results of operations. The Company’s income tax charge is based on reported profits and statutory tax rates, which reflect various allowances and reliefs and tax efficiencies available to the Company in the multiple tax jurisdictions in which it operates. The determination of the Company’s provision for income tax requires certain judgments and estimates in relation to matters where the ultimate tax outcome may not be certain. The recognition of deferred tax assets also requires judgment as it involves an assessment of the future recoverability of those assets. In addition, the Company is subject to tax audits which can involve complex issues that could require extended periods to conclude, the resolution of which is often not within its control. Although management believes that the estimates included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Company’s tax return positions are reasonable, there can be no assurance that the final outcome of these matters will equal the estimates reflected in the Company’s historical income tax provisions and accruals. As a multinational corporation, the Company is subject to various taxes in all jurisdictions in which it operates. Economic and political conditions, tax rates and the interpretation of tax rules in these jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, particularly during periods of administrative change or fiscal deficit. In addition, the Company’s future effective income tax rate could be affected (positively or negatively) by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. Finally, changes to international tax principles, for example at an EU level, could adversely affect the Company’s effective tax rate or result in higher cash tax liabilities. If the Company’s effective income tax rate was to increase, its cash flows and the financial results of operations could be adversely affected. Foreign Currency Translation A proportion of CRH’s revenues are in currencies other than its reporting currency, and adverse changes in exchange rates could negatively affect retained earnings. The principal foreign exchange risks to which the Consolidated Financial Statements are exposed pertain to (i) adverse movements in reported results when translated into the reporting currency; and (ii) declines in the reporting currency value of net investments which are denominated in a wide basket of currencies other than the reporting currency. Given the geographic spread of the Company, a significant proportion of its revenues, expenses, assets, and liabilities are denominated in currencies other than the Company’s reporting currency, including the euro, Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar, Philippine Peso, Polish Zloty, and Swiss Franc. From year to year, adverse changes in the exchange rates used to translate these and other foreign currencies into the reporting currency have impacted and will continue to impact consolidated results. Goodwill Impairment CRH may be required to write-down its goodwill, which could have an adverse impact on the Company’s retained earnings. Significant underperformance in any of the Company’s major 
[...TRUNCATED...]