TICKER=CRL|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CRL_2026-02-18.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors Set forth below, elsewhere in this Form 10-K, and in other documents we file with the SEC are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K. We note that factors set forth below, individually or in the aggregate, as well as additional risks and uncertainties either not presently known or that are currently believed to not be material to the business, may cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties and the risks described below should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report and in future documents we file with the SEC. 18 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. Risk Factor Summary As noted above, we are subject to a number of risks that if realized could cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated herein. Some of the more significant risks and uncertainties we face include those summarized below. The summary below is not exhaustive and is qualified by reference to the full set of risk factors set forth in this "Risk Factors" section. Please carefully consider all of the information in this Form 10-K, including the full set of risks set forth in this "Risk Factors" section, and in our other filings with the SEC before making an investment decision regarding Charles River. Business and Operational Risks • We bear financial risk for contracts that may be terminated or reduced in scope, underpriced, subject to cost overruns or delays. • Upgrading and integrating our business systems could result in implementation issues and business disruptions. • We have in the past experienced and in the future could experience unauthorized access into our information systems. • Uncertainties with respect to the development, deployment, and use of artificial intelligence present new risks and challenges and could adversely affect our business and reputation. • If we are not successful in executing our business strategy, including our failure in selecting and integrating the businesses and technologies we acquire, or in managing our current and future site closures and divestitures, our business may be adversely impacted. • If we are not successful in realizing cost savings from our restructuring initiatives, our business may be adversely impacted. • Our business is subject to risks relating to operating internationally, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates. • Our operations might be affected by the occurrence of a natural disaster or other catastrophic event. • Negative attention from special interest groups may impair our business. • Our review of potential strategic alternatives may not result in an executed or consummated transaction or other strategic alternative, and the process of reviewing strategic alternatives or the outcome could adversely affect our business. Industry Risk Factors • Several of our product and service offerings, including our non-human primate supply, are dependent on a limited source of supply that, when interrupted, adversely affects our business. • Demand volatility, risk of credit losses, or a reduction or delay in government funding of R&D may adversely affect our business. • Changes in government regulation or in practices relating to the pharmaceutical or biotechnology industries, including potential healthcare reform, could decrease the need for the services we provide. • Contract development and manufacturing services create a risk of liability, including risk that our products will not gain market acceptance and risk of failure to provide quality and timely service to customers. • Contaminations in our animal populations can damage our inventory, harm our reputation for contaminant-free production, result in decreased sales and cause us to incur additional costs. • The outsourcing trend in non-clinical and clinical stages of drug discovery and development may decrease, which could impair our growth. • The industries in which we operate are highly competitive. • New technologies may be developed, validated and increasingly used in biomedical research, which could reduce demand for some of our products and services. • We may not be able to successfully develop and market new services and products. • Costs increasing more rapidly than market prices could reduce profitability. Legal and Regulatory Risk Factors • Any failure by us to comply with applicable regulations and related guidance could harm our reputation and operating results, and compliance with new regulations and guidance may result in additional costs. 19 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. • Failure to comply with applicable data privacy and security laws in various jurisdictions could subject us to denial of the right to conduct business, fines, criminal penalties and/or other enforcement actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business. • Failure to comply with U.S., state, local or international environmental, health, safety and sustainability laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties and loss of licensure and have a material adverse effect upon the Company’s business. • Changes in U.S. and International Tax Law, results of tax audits, or material changes in our stock price could have a material adverse impact on our effective tax rate and financial results. • Non-clinical and clinical contract research services create a risk of liability. • The failure to successfully obtain, maintain and enforce intellectual property rights and defend against assertions of third parties to intellectual property rights could adversely affect us. • Our by-laws designate the state courts located in the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain actions, which could limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable and may discourage lawsuits with respect to certain claims. • We are involved in legal proceedings that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. • Significant developments or changes in national laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and/or address foreign competition can have an adverse effect on our business and financial statements. Labor and Employment Risk Factors • We depend on key personnel and may not be able to retain these employees, which would harm our business. • If we are unable to attract, hire or retain key team members or a highly skilled global workforce, it could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. • We depend on the availability of, and good relations with, our team members. Financial and Accounting Risk Factors • Our debt level could adversely affect our business and growth prospects. • Impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets may adversely impact future results of operations. General Risk Factors • Since we do not expect to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future, our shareholders will benefit from an investment in our common stock only if it appreciates in value. • Our quarterly operating results may vary, which could negatively affect the market price of our common stock. • Increasing focus on environmental, social and governance matters may impact our business, financial results or stock price. Risk Factors Business and Operational Risks We bear financial risk for contracts that may be terminated or reduced in scope, underpriced, subject to cost overruns or delays. Many of our agreements, including those which underlie our strategic relationships with some of our more significant clients, allow for termination or reduction in scope with little or no notice. In addition, we sell our products and services to our competitors, and similarly they sell products and services to us. For instance, we have historically entered into, and currently are party to, contracts with certain of our competitors to distribute specialty research models in locations where our competitors may not have distribution capabilities. Our counterparties (including our clients who are competitors) may elect to terminate their agreements with us for various reasons including: the invocation of force majeure clauses, or the legal doctrines of impossibility or impracticability, or other similar legal doctrines; the products being tested fail to satisfy safety requirements; unexpected or undesired study results; production problems resulting in shortages of the drug being tested; a client’s decision to forego or terminate a particular study; our competitors’ establishment of alternative distribution channels; dissatisfaction with our performance under the agreement; the loss of funding for the particular research study; or general convenience/counterparty preference. If a counterparty 20 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. terminates a contract with us, we are typically entitled under the terms of the contract to receive revenue earned to date as well as certain other costs and, in some cases, termination fees; however, in many cases we are not entitled to any termination fees in the event of a termination. Cancellation of a large contract or proximate delay, cancellation or conclusion of multiple contracts could materially adversely affect our business and, therefore, may adversely affect our operating results. Furthermore, many of our contracts provide for services on a fixed price or fee-for-service with a cap basis and, accordingly, we bear the financial risk if we initially underprice our contracts or otherwise overrun our cost estimates. Such underpricing or significant cost overruns could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Upgrading and integrating our business systems could result in implementation issues and business disruptions. In recent years, we have been updating and consolidating platforms and automating processes in many parts of our business with a variety of systems, including in connection with the integration of acquired businesses. Continued expansion and ongoing implementation of operational systems may occur at a future date based on value to the business. In general, the process of planning and preparing for these types of integrated, wide-scale implementations is extremely complex and we are required to address a number of challenges, including information security assessment and remediation, regulatory requirements, data conversion, associated regulatory compliance, network and system cutover, user training, data residency, high availability, disaster recovery, latency, backups, archiving, cloud offerings, and integration with existing processes or systems. As we build out IT infrastructure to support regulatory requirements for applications and data systems, we are doing so utilizing contemporary validation practices. As with all work conducted in our regulated sites, these too are subject to government inspections. Incongruities in any of these areas could cause operational problems during implementation including inconsistent practices, delayed report and/or data shipments, missed sales, animal management/welfare issues, data loss issues that require re-doing certain studies, personally identifiable information and data privacy issues, billing errors and accounting errors. We have in the past experienced and in the future could experience unauthorized access into our information systems. We operate large and complex information systems that contain significant amounts of client data. As a routine element of our business, we collect, analyze and retain substantial amounts of data pertaining to the non-clinical studies we conduct for our clients. Unauthorized third parties could attempt to gain entry to such information systems to steal data or disrupt the systems or for financial gain. Like other companies, we have on occasion experienced, and will continue to experience, threats and incursions to our data and systems, including malicious software and viruses, phishing, business email compromise and social engineering attacks, network intrusions, or other cyber-attacks. The number and complexity of these threats continue to increase over time. These threats also may be further enhanced in frequency or effectiveness through threat actors’ use of artificial intelligence technologies, which are becoming more widely adopted and increasingly sophisticated. As of the date of this filing, to our knowledge, we have not experienced a material information security breach or material cybersecurity incident since an event in 2019. While we have implemented additional security safeguards since that event and continue to enhance existing safeguards, such efforts may not be successful, in which case we could suffer significant harm. We are at risk of being targeted, and we have in the past been victim to, business email compromise fraud, which results in payments being made to illegitimate bank accounts. Although these instances have not resulted in our incurring material losses, if similar instances occur in the future, we may incur such losses. We leverage software and hardware solutions from technology and services providers, including software-as-a-service and public cloud infrastructure, who have been subject to cybersecurity incidents in the past and may have incidents or breaches in the future. As of the date of this filing, to our knowledge, no prior cybersecurity incident or breach at a third party has had a material impact on our business. However, future incidents or breaches could cause us to suffer significant harm. Our contracts with our clients typically contain provisions that require us to keep confidential the information generated from the studies we conduct. In the event the confidentiality of such information is compromised, whether by unauthorized access or other breaches, we could be exposed to significant harm, including termination of customer contracts, damage to our customer relationships, damage to our reputation and potential legal claims from customers, employees and other parties. In addition, we may face investigations by government regulators and agencies as a result of a breach. Additionally, the rapid ongoing evolution and increased adoption of emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning may make it more difficult to anticipate and implement protective measures to recognize, detect, and prevent the occurrence of any of the cyber events described above. For information regarding our processes and practices related to information and cybersecurity, please see Section 1C of this report, “Cybersecurity”. Uncertainties with respect to the development, deployment, and use of artificial intelligence present new risks and challenges and could adversely affect our business and reputation. 21 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. We, along with many businesses in the biopharmaceutical industry, are adopting and exploring the use of artificial intelligence (AI) in our business, and as an emerging and rapidly evolving technology, our use of AI introduces potential opportunities but also presents risks that could adversely affect our operations, information security and reputation. For example, algorithms may be flawed; data sets may be insufficient, of poor quality, or contain biased information; and inappropriate or controversial data practices by data scientists, engineers, and end-users could impair results. If the analyses that artificial intelligence-based applications assist in producing are deficient or inaccurate, we could be subjected to competitive harm, potential legal liability and brand or reputational harm. Use of AI-based software may also lead to cybersecurity risks or the release of confidential proprietary information, including personal data, which may impact our ability to realize the benefit of our intellectual property or violate our internal policies, data protection laws or contractual requirements. The use of AI-based software may also result in unauthorized access of personal data or the intellectual property of third parties. The legal and regulatory landscape regarding the use of AI is rapidly evolving, including in the areas of intellectual property, cybersecurity, and privacy and data protection. Compliance may impose operational costs and limit our ability to use AI-based software, and failure to comply may result in potential government actions, litigation, fines, penalties or adverse publicity. If we are not successful in selecting and integrating the businesses and technologies we acquire or partner with, or if we do not manage our current and future site closures and divestitures, our business may be adversely impacted. During the last two decades, we have steadily expanded our business through numerous acquisitions and partnerships. However, businesses and technologies may not be available on terms and conditions we find acceptable. We risk spending time and money investigating and negotiating with potential acquisition or alliance partners, but not completing transactions. Acquisitions and alliances involve numerous risks which may include: • difficulties in achieving business and financial success (due to unplanned events such as ongoing geopolitical conflicts or economic factors such as fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates, as well as tax regulations); • difficulties and expenses incurred in assimilating and integrating operations, services, products, information technology platforms, technologies or pre-existing relationships with our clients, distributors and suppliers; • challenges with developing and operating new businesses, including those that are materially different from our existing businesses, which may require the development or acquisition of new internal capabilities and expertise; • potential losses resulting from operational weaknesses or undiscovered liabilities of acquired companies that are not covered by the indemnifications we may obtain from sellers or any insurance we may acquire in connection with transactions; • loss of key employees; • loss of key customers; • the presence or absence of adequate internal controls and/or significant fraud in the financial systems of acquired companies; • diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns; • a more expansive regulatory environment; • dilution to earnings, or in the event of acquisitions made through the issuance of our common stock to the shareholders of the acquired company, dilution to the percentage of ownership of our existing shareholders; • differences in foreign business practices, customs and importation regulations, language and other cultural barriers in connection with the acquisition of foreign companies; • new technologies and products may be developed that cause businesses or assets we acquire to become less valuable; and • disagreements or disputes with prior owners of an acquired business, technology, service or product that may result in legal settlements, litigation expenses and diversion of our management’s attention. Acquisitions or alliances realizing these risks could increase the likelihood of our results of operations being adversely affected. Some of the same risks exist when we decide to close or sell a business, site, product line or service offering. We continually evaluate the performance and strategic fit of our business and the sites in which they operate to determine whether a site closure or divestiture is appropriate. Such actions could involve additional risks, other than those listed above, including: difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products, and personnel, the need to agree to retain or assume certain current or future liabilities in order to complete the divestitures or site closures, as well as write-offs, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets and which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or alternative exit strategies at acceptable prices and terms, and in a timely 22 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. manner. We may not be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we encounter in divesting a business, site or product line or service offering and, as a result, we may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the divestitures. Failure to execute our business strategy could adversely impact our growth and profitability. Our strategy is to deliver a comprehensive and integrated portfolio of drug discovery and non-clinical development products, services and solutions to support our clients’ discovery, preclinical, early clinical and early stage scale up and early stage manufacturing efforts, and enable them to bring new and improved therapies to market faster and more cost effectively. As a focus, CRL aims to be the premier provider of products and services that ensure our clients develop, produce and release their products safely. Separately, through our various Manufacturing segment businesses, we aim to be the premier provider of products and services that ensure our clients produce and release their products safely. If we are unable to successfully execute on this strategy, this could negatively impact our future results of operations and market capitalization. Similarly, if we are unable to successfully execute on the Board of Directors’ comprehensive strategic review and evaluation of Charles River’s business and growth prospects, this could negatively impact our future results of operations and market capitalization. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In recent years, we experienced such a lower-than-expected demand growth in a number of businesses, including the businesses that comprise our DSA reporting segment. To address this issue generally, we typically pursue a number of strategies designed to improve our internal growth, including strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets through organic growth and strategic acquisitions and expanding our service offerings. In addition, we have implemented a number of restructuring actions, including to optimize our global operational footprint and reduce staffing levels, and other initiatives to drive operating efficiencies to help offset the lower-than-expected demand growth and protect the operating margin. We may not be able to successfully implement these strategies, and these strategies may not result in the expected growth or improved profitability of our business. Furthermore, our strategy assumes a certain degree of capital and capacity growth development. Factors such as insufficient capital, inflation, supply chain interruptions, inadequate forecasting, increases in construction material costs, or labor shortages could interfere with the successful execution of our strategy and our ability to timely build infrastructure to satisfy capacity needs and support business growth. For additional discussion of our business strategy, please see the section above entitled “Our Strategy.” Failure to successfully realize cost savings from our restructuring initiatives would adversely impact our growth and profitability. As discussed in the section above entitled “Our Strategy,” we are taking decisive action to manage the Company through the current demand environment, including appropriately right-sizing our infrastructure, driving efficiency, and optimizing operations, including through process improvement, procurement synergies, and implementation of a global business services model, with a goal to protect operating margin. We are committed to initiatives to generate more revenue, contain costs, and protect shareholder value through enhanced commercial initiatives, restructuring and efficiency actions to drive cost savings, as well as a balanced approach to capital deployment; these initiatives include reducing staffing levels to align with the pace of demand and site closures. Similarly, we are working to execute the Board of Directors’ comprehensive strategic review and evaluation of Charles River’s business and growth prospects. While we drive these initiatives to result in significant profit opportunities and savings throughout our organization, our estimated profits and savings are based on assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, there can be no assurance that we will realize these profits and cost savings or that, if realized, these profits and cost savings will be sustained. Failure to achieve or delays in achieving projected levels of efficiencies and cost savings from such measures, or unanticipated inefficiencies resulting from manufacturing and administrative reorganization actions in progress or contemplated, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and harm our reputation. Our business is subject to risks relating to operating internationally, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates. A significant part of our revenue is derived from operations outside the U.S. We expect that international revenue will continue to account for a significant percentage of our total revenue for the foreseeable future. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could materially adversely impact our results. Foreign currencies we receive for sales and in which we record expenses outside the U.S. could be subject to unfavorable exchange rates with the U.S. dollar, resulting in a reduction in the amount of revenue and cash flow (and an increase in the amount of expenses) that we recognize and causing fluctuations in reported financial results. We also carry foreign currency exposure associated with differences between where we conduct business. For example, certain contracts are frequently denominated in currencies other than the currency in which we incur expenses related to those contracts. Where expenses are incurred in currencies other than those in which contracts are priced, fluctuations in the relative value of those currencies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 23 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. Our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations results from the currency translation exposure associated with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, as well as from the exposure associated with transactions of our subsidiaries that are denominated in a currency other than the respective subsidiary’s functional currency. While our financial results are reported in U.S. Dollars, the financial statements of many of our subsidiaries outside the U.S. are prepared using the local currency as the functional currency. During consolidation, these results are translated into U.S. Dollars by applying appropriate exchange rates. As a result, fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar relative to the local currencies in which our foreign subsidiaries report could cause significant fluctuations in our reported results. Moreover, as exchange rates vary, revenue and other operating results may differ materially from our expectations. Adjustments resulting from financial statement translations are included as a separate component of shareholders’ equity. Other risks associated with our international business include: • general economic and political conditions in the markets in which we operate; • potentially negative consequences from changes in U.S. and/or foreign laws, including changes that may bar us from engaging in business transactions with certain clients, and changes in tax laws, or interpretations and enforcement thereof, notably tax regulations issued and to-be-issued with respect to the potential adoption of global minimum taxation requirements and potential changes to existing tax law by the current U.S. Presidential administration and Congress; • ongoing uncertainties as a result of instability or changes in geopolitical conditions, including terrorist acts or military or political conflicts, such as those caused by the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine or Israel and Hamas (the potential escalation or geographic expansion of which could heighten other risks identified in this report); • exchange controls, adverse tax consequences and legal restrictions on the repatriation of funds into the U.S.; • difficulties and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations, including risks of work stoppages and/or strikes, as well as violations of local laws or anti-bribery laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the U.K. Bribery Act and the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions; • unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; • the difficulties of compliance with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations; • unfavorable labor regulations in foreign jurisdictions; • changes in trade relationships, including new tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, trade embargoes and sanctions, and other trade barriers; • longer accounts receivable cycles in certain foreign countries; • potentially reduced protection of our intellectual property rights in certain foreign countries; and • compliance with export controls, import requirements and other trade regulations, including those relating to certain products of which there is limited supply. These risks, individually or in the aggregate, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. For example, as mentioned above, we are subject to compliance with the FCPA, which prohibits companies and their third-party intermediaries from offering or making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Likewise, we are also subject to other international anti-bribery laws such as the UK Bribery Act which prohibit companies and their third-party intermediaries from offering or making improper payments to commercial parties. While our employees and third-party intermediaries are required to comply with these laws, we cannot be sure that our internal policies and procedures will always protect us from violations of these laws despite our commitment to legal compliance and corporate ethics. The occurrence or allegation of these types of risks may adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations might be affected by the occurrence of a natural disaster or other catastrophic event. We depend on our customers continued demand and solvency at our facilities for the continued operation of our business. While we maintain disaster recovery plans, they might not adequately protect us. Despite any precautions we take for natural disasters or other catastrophic events, these events, including terrorist attack, a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of a disease, geopolitical conflict, information system disruption, hurricanes, tornadoes, fire, wildfire, floods and ice and snow storms, could result in damage to and closure of our or our customers’ facilities, our suppliers’ facilities, or the infrastructure on which such facilities rely. Such disruptions could include significant delays in the shipments of our products, reduce our capacity to provide services, adversely impact unique manufacturing capabilities, result in our customers’ inability to pay for our products or 24 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. services and, ultimately, result in the loss of revenue and clients. Although we carry business interruption insurance and typically have provisions in our contracts that protect us in certain events, our coverage might not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur. Any natural disaster or catastrophic event affecting us, our customers, or our suppliers, could have a significant negative impact on our operations and financial performance. Negative attention from special interest groups may impair our business. The products and services that we provide our clients are essential to the drug discovery, development and manufacturing processes, and a significant amount are mandated by law. Notwithstanding, certain special interest groups categorically object to the use of animals for valid research purposes. Historically, our core research model activities with rats, mice and other rodents have not been the subject of significant animal rights media attention. However, research activities involving animal models have been the subject of adverse attention, including shareholder proposals and attempts to disrupt carriers from transporting large research models and actions aimed at preventing expansion of operations. This has included periodic demonstrations near facilities operated by us and at our annual meetings, as well as shareholder proposals we received for some of our past Annual Meetings of Shareholders. In addition, these groups have on occasion petitioned to have certain species of research models (specifically NHPs) declared endangered by governmental and non-governmental organizations and have advocated for the governing bodies to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora to restrict the exportation of certain NHP species from specific countries. Furthermore, the habitat of certain animals used for research purposes may be located in or near certain environmentally protected areas or conservation areas. Activities conducted by us or any of our agents within these areas may be legally challenged and result in similar negative attention and action from environmental protection activists, including advocacy for the expansion of environmental restrictions applicable to such areas. Any negative attention, threats, acts of vandalism or legal action directed against our animal research or procurement activities (including species of research models), or our third-party service providers, such as our airline carriers or suppliers, or that restrict our or their ability to access protected or conservation areas, could impair our ability to operate our business efficiently. Our review of potential strategic alternatives may not result in an executed or consummated transaction or other strategic alternative, and the process of reviewing strategic alternatives or the outcome could adversely affect our business. On May 6, 2025, in connection with a Cooperation Agreement entered into with a large shareholder of the Company, we agreed, among other things, to have the Strategic Planning and Capital Allocation Committee of our Board of Directors oversee and direct a comprehensive strategic review and evaluation of the Company’s business and prospects, including an examination of various alternatives to enhance long-term stockholder value. On November 5, 2025, the Company announced that, as part of our Board of Directors’ comprehensive strategic review of our business and growth prospects, we will focus on strategic initiatives to strengthen our leading scientific portfolio within our core markets through strategic acquisitions, partnerships, and internal investments; divest certain non-core assets; maximize our financial performance, including by implementing additional initiatives aimed at driving greater operating efficiency, which are expected to generate incremental net cost savings; and maintain a disciplined approach to capital deployment through regularly evaluating the optimal balance between strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, debt repayment, and other uses of capital. There is no assurance that the process will result in the approval or completion of any specific transaction or outcome. Further, there is no guarantee that any transaction resulting from the strategic review will ultimately benefit our stockholders. The process of reviewing potential strategic and operational alternatives is time consuming and costly and may divert management’s attention. It may also be disruptive to our business operations and long-term planning, which may cause concern to our current or potential investors, customers, employees, strategic partners, vendors and other stakeholders and may have a material impact on our operating results or result in increased volatility in our stock price. Any potential transaction or other strategic alternative, including, without limitation the acquisitions of the assets of K.F. (Cambodia) Ltd. and Pathoquest SAS, would be dependent on a number of factors that may be beyond our control, including, among other things, market conditions, industry trends, regulatory approvals, and the availability of financing for a potential transaction on favorable terms. There can be no assurance that any potential transaction or other strategic alternative will be successfully implemented, achieve the intended benefits or provide greater value to our stockholders than that reflected in the current price of our common stock. Until the review process is concluded, perceived uncertainties related to our future may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, volatility in the market price of our common stock and difficulty attracting and retaining qualified talent and business partners. Industry Risk Factors Several of our product and service offerings, including our non-human primate supply, are dependent on a limited source of supply that, when interrupted, adversely affects our business. We depend on a limited international source of supply for certain products, such as large research models, including NHPs. Disruptions to their continued supply from time to time arise from colony health problems (including as a result of the spread of diseases), export or import laws/restrictions or embargoes, tariffs, inflation, international trade regulations, foreign government 25 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. or economic instability, severe weather conditions, increased competition among suppliers for models, disruptions to the air travel system, activist campaigns, commercial disputes, supplier insolvency, geopolitical disputes, or other ordinary course or unanticipated events. Any disruption of supply could materially harm our business if we cannot remove the disruption or are unable to secure an alternative or secondary supply source on comparable commercial terms. As with other industry participants, certain of our activities rely on a sufficient supply of large research models, which has seen increasing demand as compared to supply in recent years due to a variety of factors. First, the surge of research relating to COVID-19 increased short-term demand. Second, China previously supplied a significant portion of certain critical large research models, which have been subject to geographic export restrictions applicable to many animal species since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. And third, in concert with legal matters affecting the Cambodian supply of non-human primates, the non-human primate supply chain globally has recently experienced constriction. More broadly, legal matters and investigations may have ancillary impacts that impair supply chain access. For example, in November 2022 the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) announced that a Cambodia supplier of non-human primates and two Cambodian officials had been criminally charged in connection with illegally importing non-human primates into the United States, which led to an effective cessation of imports from Cambodia to the United States for a period of time. Specific to the Company, in 2023, in connection with a now closed investigation by the DOJ and USFWS into the Company’s conduct regarding several shipments of non-human primates from Cambodia, the Company announced it was voluntarily suspending planned future shipments of Cambodia non-human primates into the United States until such time that the Company and USFWS could agree upon and implement additional procedures to reasonably ensure that non-human primates imported to the United States from Cambodia are purpose-bred. In November 2025, the Company received USFWS CITES clearance to import Cambodian NHPs into the United States, and has resumed such activity. While we continue to take steps to find alternative supply channels (and other global sources) and lock in supply (both for non-human primates and with respect to other limited supply products) with preferred sources through multi-year and/or minimum commitment contracts as well as through acquisitions of suppliers, there are limited sources and such mitigating efforts may not prove successful at ensuring a steady and timely supply or may require (and in the past have required) us to pay significantly higher prices for such products during periods of global shortage or restrictions on the importation or the transportation of models products. Limited global supply or regional restrictions on importation, exportation, and/or transportation for certain products may require us to source products from non-preferred vendors, which may not be successful. In addition, reductions in global air transportation routes may result in sourcing alternative transportation at an increased cost. We also may be unable to obtain supply due to governmental restrictions or limitations, including (as noted above) non-human primates, such as prohibitions on the importation, exportation and/or transportation of non-human primates from certain geographies entirely. Finally, from time to time, special interest groups may attempt to list certain large research models, including certain categories of NHPs, as “endangered” under the Endangered Species Act in the United States or similar statutes in other countries. In the event that certain NHPs are classified as endangered, our business could be negatively impacted. An inability to obtain a sufficient and timely supply of critical products could adversely affect our business, financial results and results of operations. Portions of our Cell Solutions business depends on the availability of appropriate donors. Regulations intended to control infectious disease or requirements in cell therapy manufacturing processes could also result in a decreased pool of potential donors or integrity of inventory. Due to any pandemic, epidemic or outbreak in one or more regions in which our Cell Solutions business operates, the portion of the donor pool that typically donates may be unable, or unwilling to donate, thereby significantly reducing the availability of research products upon which we rely. In addition, healthcare concerns among the public may result in a decline in donations. If donor participation declines, we may not be able to reduce costs, which in turn may negatively impact the operating margin of the Cell Solutions business. Our CDMO services establish us as a premier scientific partner for cell and gene therapy development, testing, and manufacturing; enable us to provide clients with an integrated solution from analytical and process development through cGMP production; enable us to drive efficiency and accelerate clients’ speed-to-market by integrating manufacturing and the required testing; and enable our clients to seamlessly conduct analytical testing, process development, and manufacturing for advanced modalities with the same scientific partner. Furthermore, our CDMO operations require various raw materials supplied primarily by third parties. We or our customers specify the raw materials and other items required to manufacture the applicable product and, in some cases, the customers specify the suppliers from whom we must purchase these raw materials. In certain instances, the raw materials and other items may only be supplied by a limited number of suppliers or in limited quantities. If third-party suppliers do not supply raw materials or other items on a timely basis, it may cause a manufacturing run to be delayed or canceled which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, in general, third-party suppliers may fail to provide us with raw materials and other items that meet the qualifications and specifications required by us or our customers. If third-party suppliers are not able to provide us with raw materials that meet our or our customers’ specifications on a timely basis, we may be
[...TRUNCATED...]