TICKER=CRM|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CRM_2026-03-02.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following discussion of material risks, events and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative or risky in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report. A manifestation of any of the following risks and uncertainties could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, materially and adversely affect our business and operations, growth, reputation, prospects, operating and financial results, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and stock price. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Other events, factors or uncertainties that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, other key metrics and the trading price of our common stock. Therefore, you should not consider the following risks to be a complete statement of all the potential risks or uncertainties that we face. Risk Factor Summary Operational and Execution Risks • Any breaches in our security measures or those of our third-party data center providers, cloud computing platform providers, customers, partners, or other third-party vendors, or the underlying Internet infrastructure that cause unauthorized access to, disclosure, alteration, corruption, destruction or loss of customer data, our data or our IT systems, or disruption of authorized access thereto. • Any defects or disruptions in our services that diminish demand for our services. 11 Table of Contents • Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers and other hardware and software vendors, as well as Internet infrastructure, or from our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements. • An inability to realize the expected business or financial benefits of company and technology acquisitions. • Strain on our personnel resources and infrastructure from supporting our existing and growing customer base or an inability to scale our operations and increase productivity. • Customer attrition, or our inability to accurately predict subscription renewals and upgrade rates. • Disruptions caused by periodic changes to our sales organization. • Exposure to risks inherent in international operations from sales to customers outside the United States. • A more time-consuming and expensive sales cycle, pricing pressure and implementation and configuration challenges for sales efforts to larger enterprise customers. • Any loss of key members of our management team or development and operations personnel, or inability to attract and retain employees necessary to support our operations and growth. • Any failure in the delivery of high-quality professional and technical support services related to our online applications. Strategic and Industry Risks • An inability to compete effectively in the intensely competitive markets in which we participate. • Any failure to expand our services and to develop and integrate our existing services in order to keep pace with technological developments. • An inability to maintain and enhance our brands. • Partial or complete loss of invested capital, or significant changes in the fair value, of our strategic investment portfolio. • Any discontinuance by third-party developers and vendors in embracing our technology delivery model and enterprise cloud computing services, or customers asking us for warranties for third-party applications, integrations, data and content. • Social, ethical, and regulatory issues, including the development, deployment, use or capabilities of AI in our offerings. • The evolving landscape related to environmental, social and governance matters. Legal and Regulatory Risks • Privacy concerns and laws as well as evolving regulation of cloud computing, AI services, increased restriction of cross-border data transfers and other regulatory developments. • Evolving industry-specific regulations, requirements, interpretive positions or standards. • Lawsuits against us by third parties for various claims, including alleged infringement of proprietary rights. • Any failure to obtain registration or protection of our intellectual property rights. • Risks related to government contracts and related procurement regulations. • Governmental sanctions and export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and may subject us to liability. Financial Risks • Downturns or upturns in new business, which may not be immediately reflected in our operating results because we generally recognize revenue from subscriptions for our services over the term of the subscription. • Significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and any failure to balance our expenses with our revenue forecasts. • Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities and global tax developments. • Fluctuations in currency exchange rates, particularly the U.S. Dollar versus local currencies. • Our debt service obligations, lease commitments and other contractual obligations. Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock • Fluctuations in our quarterly results. • Volatility in our stock price and associated litigation. 12 Table of Contents • Provisions in our governing documents and Delaware law that might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of the Company or changes in our management. General Risks • Volatile and significantly weakened global economic conditions. • The occurrence of natural disasters and other catastrophic events beyond our control. • The long-term impact of climate change on our business. Operational and Execution Risks If our security measures, or those of our third-party data center providers, cloud computing platform providers, customers, partners, other third-party vendors or the underlying Internet infrastructure, are breached or otherwise compromised, resulting in the unauthorized access to, disclosure, alteration, corruption, destruction or loss of customer data, our data or our IT systems, or disruption of authorized access thereto, our services may be perceived as insecure, customers may reduce or terminate their use of our services, and we may incur significant reputational harm, legal liability, regulatory scrutiny or a negative financial impact. Our services involve the storage and transmission of our customers’ and our customers’ customers’ proprietary and other sensitive data, including financial, health and other personal information. Our services and underlying infrastructure have in the past and may in the future be breached or compromised, including, for example, as a result of the following: • attempts to fraudulently induce our employees, customers, partners, or third-party vendors to disclose sensitive information to gain unauthorized access to our or our customers’ data or IT systems; • efforts by threat actors, including criminal organizations, state-sponsored actors and nation-states, to launch coordinated cyberattacks or supply chain attacks on our infrastructure or that of our third-party vendors, including through ransomware, destructive malware, distributed denial-of-service attacks or exploitation of previously unknown “zero-day” vulnerabilities; • attempts to misuse our marketing, advertising, messaging or social products and functionalities to impersonate persons or organizations and disseminate information that is false, misleading or malicious; • vulnerabilities arising from new technologies and infrastructures, including those from acquisitions, enhancements and updates to our existing products, and the adoption and deployment of AI technologies within our products, services, internal systems, which may introduce novel security, data governance, or operational risks; • vulnerabilities in products or components within the broad ecosystem in which our services operate and upon which they depend; • attacks on, or vulnerabilities in, the underlying networks and services that power the Internet on which our products depend, most of which are not under our control or the control of our third-party vendors, partners or customers; and • employee or contractor errors, omissions or intentional acts that compromise our security systems. Although we devote significant resources to protecting our data and IT systems, we can provide no assurances that our security measures, including systems and processes designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our customers’ and our customers’ customers’ proprietary and sensitive data, will be effective or that a material cybersecurity incident will not occur. Our ability to mitigate these risks may be impacted by the following: • evolving and increasingly sophisticated techniques used to breach or disrupt IT systems and infrastructure, including the use or exploitation of AI technologies by threat actors to accelerate, scale or personalize cyberattacks, which may increase speed and effectiveness and limit our ability to anticipate, detect or mitigate such threats; • the increasing complexity of our internal IT systems as we integrate acquired businesses and adopt new technologies and data-sharing models; and • our limited control over our customers, partners, and third-party vendors (including those authorized by customers to access their data), or over the processing of data by such third parties, which may limit our ability to maintain the integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. In the normal course of business, we and our customers are and have been the target of malicious cyberattacks and other security threats. Although to date we have not identified any security incidents involving our systems that have had a material financial impact on us, there can be no assurance that future incidents will not be material or significant. As our market presence grows, we may face increased risks of cyberattacks and other security threats. Additionally, as AI technologies, including generative and agentic AI, continue to evolve, threat actors are using and exploiting these technologies to enhance the sophistication, scale, speed and effectiveness of security threats that may be more difficult to detect and defend against. Any delay in detecting, containing, or remediating a cybersecurity incident may result in additional harm, and in certain cases the full scope and impact of any such incident may not be immediately apparent. 13 Table of Contents A cybersecurity incident could result in unauthorized access to, or the loss or denial of authorized access to, our IT systems or data, or those of our customers, including intellectual property and other proprietary, sensitive or confidential information. We are subject to contractual, regulatory and other legal obligations to notify relevant stakeholders of certain security incidents. For example, SEC rules require disclosure on Form 8-K of the nature, scope and timing of any material cybersecurity incident and the reasonably likely impact of such incident. Assessing whether an incident is material or reportable may require complex judgment and investigation, and disclosure of an incident may itself adversely affect our reputation, customer relationships and exposure to legal or regulatory proceedings. A security incident or related disclosure could result in loss of confidence in the security of our services, harm our reputation, negatively impact future sales, disrupt our business operations, increase insurance premiums and result in legal, regulatory and financial liability. Additionally, it may take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of cybersecurity attacks, particularly for sophisticated attacks, which may inhibit our ability to provide prompt, full and reliable information about the incident to our customers, regulators and the public. Further, there can be no assurance that our insurance coverage will be sufficient in type or amount to cover the losses arising from a cybersecurity incident. In addition, prevention, detection, investigation and remediation of actual or suspected vulnerabilities or incidents, including determining whether notification or disclosure is required, may not be straightforward, may result in significant direct and indirect costs, including increased infrastructure and security spending and the diversion of resources from development activities. Defects or disruptions in our services could diminish demand for our services and subject us to substantial liability. We have in the past and may in the future identify defects in or experience disruptions to our services. Such issues may arise in a variety of circumstances, including from customers using our services in unanticipated ways that disrupt access for other customers; from employee, contractor or other third-party action or inaction; or from the complexity of our services, which incorporate a variety of hardware, proprietary software and third-party and open-source software. Across the industry, cloud services frequently contain undetected errors when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. We have experienced and may in the future experience defects in our, our customers’, or third-party vendors’ products and components, which may create vulnerabilities that inadvertently permit unauthorized access to protected customer data. We can provide no assurance that such defects or vulnerabilities will not occur in the future, have a material adverse effect on our business or subject us to substantial liability. Vulnerabilities in open-source, proprietary or third-party products and components can persist even after security patches have been issued if updates are not timely implemented or if threat actors exploit vulnerabilities before remediation is complete. In some cases, vulnerabilities may not be immediately detected, which may make it difficult to recover critical services and lead to damaged assets. Since our customers rely on our products and services for important aspects of their operations, errors, defects, service disruptions or other performance issues have in the past adversely impacted our customers and could do so in the future. As a result, customers could elect to not renew their services, delay or withhold payment or make warranty or other claims against us. Such outcomes could reduce future sales, increase in our allowance for doubtful accounts, increase collection cycles and expose us to litigation and related expenses. Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers and other hardware and software vendors, as well as Internet infrastructure, or from our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements, could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. We rely on third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud computing platform providers located in the United States and other countries, as well as the many different underlying networks and services that power the Internet, to deliver our products and services and operate critical business systems. We also rely on hardware purchased or leased from, software licensed from, and cloud computing platforms provided by third parties in order to offer our products and services, including database software, hardware and data from multiple vendors. Any disruption, degradation or failure of our systems, or those of the third parties on which we rely, could result in service interruptions and harm our business. We have experienced service interruptions and interruptions may occur in the future. As our reliance on these third-party systems increases, and particularly on third-party cloud computing platforms, our exposure to service interruptions and performance or quality issues may also increase. Service interruptions or other performance or quality issues may cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to assert warranty or other claims or terminate their subscriptions, and adversely affect attrition rates and our ability to attract new customers, which could reduce revenue. Our business and reputation would also be harmed if our customers and potential customers perceive our services as unreliable. For many of our offerings, our production environment and customer data are replicated at geographically separate facilities. Certain offerings, including those added through acquisitions, may be delivered through alternate facilities or arrangements. We do not control the operation of any of these facilities, and they may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from events outside of our control, such as natural disasters or supply chain disruptions. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, such as disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements, unanticipated events, problems, operational failures 14 Table of Contents or other disruptions could result in prolonged service interruptions, and there can be no assurance that such interruptions would be remediated without significant cost, in a timely manner or at all. The hardware, software, data and cloud computing platforms that we rely on, including, for example, the large language models leveraged in our AI offerings, may not continue to be available at reasonable prices, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any loss of the right to use such hardware, software, data or cloud computing platforms could significantly increase our expenses and disrupt or delay the provision of our services until equivalent technology is either developed internally or obtained from third parties and integrated into our systems. There can be no assurance that such replacement technology would be available or implemented in a timely manner or at all. As we scale our operations, the volume and nature of data processed by our offerings continue to evolve, including as a result of the deployment of AI technologies, and our infrastructure capacity requirements, including network capacity, computing power and energy requirements, may increase as a result. Additionally, increased energy consumption, including as a result of AI adoption, climate-related events, energy market volatility, and power grid disruptions may increase the operational costs related to inputs across our value chain, including for data centers. If we experience significant strains on our data center capacity, whether due to insufficient infrastructure capacity or for other reasons outside of our control, our customers could experience performance degradation or service outages that may subject us to financial liabilities, result in customer losses, subject us to litigation and harm our reputation and business. As we add data centers and capacity and continue to move to cloud computing platform providers, we move or transfer our data and our customers’ data from time to time. Despite precautions taken during this process, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair the delivery of our services, which may damage our business. As we acquire companies or technologies, we may not realize the expected business or financial benefits and the acquisitions could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results and the market value of our common stock. As part of our business strategy, we periodically acquire complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies and intellectual property rights. We continue to evaluate such opportunities and expect to make such acquisitions and other transactions and arrangements in the future, which may involve numerous risks and could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, including: • potential failure to achieve the expected benefits on a timely basis or at all; • potential identified or unknown security vulnerabilities in acquired products or technologies that expose us to additional cybersecurity risks, delay integration into our service offerings, or create challenges in increasing or maintaining the security standards of the acquired technologies; • difficulty of transitioning the acquired technology onto our existing platforms; • brand or reputational harm associated with our acquired companies; • challenges converting the acquired company’s revenue recognition policies and forecasting the related revenues, including both consumption- and subscription-based revenues and term software license revenue; • in the case of foreign acquisitions, challenges with integrating operations across different cultures and languages and addressing the particular economic, currency, political, cybersecurity, regulatory and market risks associated with certain countries; • operational and financial difficulties and strains on resources in integrating acquired operations, technologies, services, platforms and personnel (including cultural integration and retention of employees); • regulatory challenges from antitrust or other regulatory authorities that may block, delay or impose conditions on the completion of transactions or the integration of acquired operations; • challenges with maintaining the acquired company’s customers, partners and third-party service providers; • known and potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired businesses, including due to litigation; • difficulties in managing, or potential write-offs of, acquired assets, and potential financial and credit risks associated with acquired customers; • negative impact to our results of operations because of the depreciation and amortization of acquired intangible assets, fixed assets and operating lease right-of-use assets; • additional stock-based compensation issued or assumed in connection with the acquisition, including the impact on stockholder dilution and our results of operations; • ineffective or inadequate controls, procedures and policies at the acquired company; and • the tax effects related to integration and business operation changes, realizability of our deferred tax assets, and uncertain tax liabilities. 15 Table of Contents Any of these risks could harm our business or negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, to facilitate acquisitions, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, which may affect our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions, and which may affect the risks of owning our common stock. If we finance acquisitions by issuing equity or convertible or other debt securities or taking out loans, our existing stockholders may be diluted, or we could face constraints related to the terms of, and repayment obligation related to, the incurrence of indebtedness that could affect our stock price. For example, in connection with our acquisition of Informatica, we entered into the Informatica Credit Agreements on an unsecured basis. In November 2025, the Company borrowed the full $6.0 billion available under the Informatica Credit Agreements to finance a portion of the cash consideration for the acquisition, repay existing indebtedness of Informatica and its subsidiaries, and pay related fees, costs, and expenses. For more information, see Note 9 “Debt” to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of Part 2. Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, or integrate acquired businesses effectively, may be impaired by trade tensions and increased global scrutiny of foreign investments and acquisitions in the technology sector. Governments may continue to adopt or tighten restrictions of this nature, some of which may apply to acquisitions or integrations of businesses by us, and such restrictions or government actions could negatively impact our business and financial results. Supporting our existing and growing customer base could strain our personnel resources and infrastructure, and if we are unable to scale our operations and increase productivity, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. We continue to experience significant growth in our customer base, including through acquisitions, which has placed a strain on our management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. We anticipate that significant additional investments, including in human capital software, agentic AI and other technologies, will be required to scale our operations and increase productivity, address the needs of our customers, develop and enhance our services, expand into new geographic areas and support continued growth. These investments will increase our cost base, making it more difficult to offset any future revenue shortfalls by reducing expenses in the short term. We may not be able to make these investments as quickly or effectively as necessary to successfully scale our operations. We regularly upgrade or replace our software systems and processes. If the implementations of these new applications are delayed, or if we encounter problems with our new systems and processes or in migrating away from our existing systems and processes, our operations could be negatively impacted. For example, in the second quarter of fiscal 2026, we implemented a new enterprise resource planning system (“ERP”). Among other things, our ERP is essential to our financial planning, reporting, and compliance programs, and any unforeseen problems with our new ERP or in migrating away from previous systems and processes could harm our ability to manage our business. Our success will depend in part upon the ability of our senior management to plan and manage our projected growth effectively. We must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and to hire, train and manage employees as needed. Additionally, changes in our work environment and workforce may not meet the needs and expectations of our workforce or may create operational and workplace culture challenges, which could negatively impact our ability to increase employee productivity or attract and retain our employees and could adversely affect our operations. Furthermore, new AI offerings and technologies, which are integrated into our operations, may disrupt workforce needs and could adversely affect our operations if not managed properly. To manage the expected growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, our reporting systems and procedures and our utilization of real estate. If we fail to successfully scale our operations and increase productivity, we may be unable to execute our business plan and the value of our common stock could decline. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions or if they reduce subscriptions at renewal, our revenue and current remaining performance obligation could decline and our business may suffer. If customer usage of consumption-based offerings is below expected levels, our revenue could decline. If we cannot accurately predict subscription renewals or upgrade rates or optimal pricing for consumption-based contracts, we may not meet our revenue targets, which may adversely affect our stock price. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions after the expiration of their contractual subscription period, which is typically 12 to 36 months, and in the normal course of business, some customers have elected not to renew. Our customers may renew for fewer subscriptions, renew for shorter contract lengths or switch to lower cost offerings of our services. It is difficult to predict attrition rates given our varied customer base and the number of multi-year subscription contracts. Our attrition rates may increase or fluctuate as a result of various factors, including customer dissatisfaction, customers’ spending levels, mix of customer base, decreases in the number of users at our customers, competition, pricing increases or changes, such as the increased prevalence of consumption-based pricing models and economic downturns. Our future success depends in part on our ability to sell additional features and services, more subscriptions or enhanced editions of our services to our current customers. This may also require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts that are targeted at senior management. Similarly, the rate at which our customers purchase new or enhanced services depends on a 16 Table of Contents number of factors, including general economic conditions and customer receptiveness to price changes related to these additional features and services. In addition, the markets and monetization strategies for certain offerings, including Agentforce and Data 360, remain relatively new and uncertain and may present additional risks and challenges. Periodic changes to our sales organization can be disruptive and may reduce our rate of growth. We periodically change and make adjustments to our sales organization in response to market opportunities, competitive threats, management changes, product introductions or enhancements, acquisitions, sales performance, increases in sales headcount, cost levels and other internal and external considerations. Such changes have in some periods resulted in, and may in the future result in, a reduction of productivity, which could negatively impact our operating results. Further, any significant change to our sales organization’s compensation structure may be disruptive and negatively affect our operating results. Sales to customers outside the United States expose us to risks inherent in international operations. We sell our services throughout the world and are subject to risks and challenges associated with international business. The risks and challenges associated with sales to customers outside the United States or those that can affect international operations generally, include: • regional economic and political conditions, natural disasters, acts of war, terrorism and actual or threatened public health emergencies, or other geopolitical events, including the evolving relations between the United States and China, the United States and Russia, and ongoing conflicts, such as the war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East; • localization of our services, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses; • regulatory frameworks or business practices favoring local competitors; • pressure on the creditworthiness of sovereign nations, where we have customers and a balance of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities; • foreign currency fluctuations and controls, which may make our services more expensive for international customers and could add volatility to or negatively impact our operating results; • compliance with complex and evolving governmental laws and regulations, such as those governing AI; • liquidity issues or political actions by sovereign nations, including nations with a controlled currency environment, could result in decreased values of these balances or potential difficulties protecting our foreign assets or satisfying local obligations; • vetting and monitoring our third-party resellers in new and evolving markets to confirm they maintain standards consistent with our brand and reputation; • treatment of revenue from international sources, evolving domestic and international tax environments and changes to tax codes, including being subject to and paying withholding taxes under foreign tax laws; • uncertainty regarding changes in trade policies, including trade wars, the threat or imposition of tariffs or other trade restrictions, as well as any retaliatory actions; • perceptions of U.S.-based companies in the regions where we operate or plan to operate; • perceptions of regions or governments in the regions where we operate or plan to operate, resulting in negative publicity or reputational harm; • different pricing environments; • difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; • different or lesser protection of our intellectual property, including increased risk of theft of our proprietary technology and other intellectual property, and more prevalent cybersecurity risks, particularly in jurisdictions in which we have historically chosen not to operate; and • longer accounts receivable payment cycles and other collection difficulties. Any of these factors could negatively impact our business and results of operations. The above factors may also negatively impact our ability to successfully expand into emerging market countries, where we have little or no operating experience, where it can be costly and challenging to establish and maintain operations, including hiring and managing required personnel, and difficult to promote our brand, and where we may not benefit from any first-to-market advantage or otherwise succeed. Sales to larger enterprise customers may involve more time-consuming and expensive sales cycles, pricing pressure and implementation and configuration challenges, and, for some complex transactions, delayed revenue recognition, all of which could harm our business and operating results. 17 Table of Contents We may face greater costs, longer sales cycles, greater competition and less predictability in completing some of our sales to large enterprise customers, including governmental entities and customers in regulated industries. In these market segments, the customer’s decision to use our services is often an enterprise-wide decision and may require us to provide greater levels of education regarding the use and benefits of our services, as well as address other concerns, such as heightened privacy and data protection requirements. In addition, larger enterprise customers and governmental entities often demand more configuration, integration services and features. These sales opportunities often require us to devote greater sales support and professional services resources to individual customers, driving up costs and time required to complete sales and diverting our own sales and professional services resources to a smaller number of larger transactions, while potentially requiring us to delay revenue recognition on some of these transactions until the technical or implementation requirements have been met. Pricing and packaging strategies for enterprise and other customers for our existing and future service offerings, including for our AI offerings such as Agentforce, may not be widely accepted by new or existing customers. Our adoption of or failure to adopt, as well as the manner and time of, changes to our pricing and packaging models and strategies may harm our business. We may lose key members of our management team or development and operations personnel, and may be unable to attract and retain employees we need to support our operations and growth. Our success depends substantially upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key members of management, particularly our chief executive officer. We are also substantially dependent on existing development and operations personnel because of the complexity of our services and technologies. Our executive officers, key management, and development and operations personnel could terminate their employment with us at any time. Effective succession planning is important to our long-term success, and changes in our management team or the loss of one or more of our key employees or groups of employees could seriously harm our business. The technology industry is subject to substantial and continuous competition for engineers with high levels of experience in designing, developing and managing software and technology services, as well as competition for sales executives, data scientists and development and operations personnel. We have experienced challenges with significant competition in talent recruitment and retention, particularly for engineers with experience in AI, and may not be successful in recruiting or retaining such talent. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience difficulty in hiring, developing, integrating and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. These difficulties may be amplified by evolving restrictions on immigration, travel, or availability of visas for skilled technology workers. Additionally, our compensation arrangements and benefits may not always be successful in attracting new employees or retaining and motivating our existing personnel. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed. We have undertaken various restructuring initiatives intended to improve operating margins and continue advancing our ongoing commitment to profitable growth, which have included a workforce reduction, select data center exits, and office space reductions within certain markets. These restructuring actions, or any similar actions taken in the future, could negatively impact our ability to attract, integrate, retain and motivate key employees. In addition, we believe in the importance of our corporate culture, which fosters dialogue, collaboration, recognition, equality and a sense of family. As our organization has grown and expanded globally, and as our workplace plans have developed, including workforce and office space reductions related to our restructuring actions, we have experienced and may continue to experience difficulties maintaining our corporate culture globally, including managing the complexities of communicating with all employees. Any inability to maintain our corporate culture could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain employees, harm our reputation with customers or negatively impact our future growth. Any failure in the delivery of high-quality professional and technical support services related to our online applications may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and our financial results. Our customers sometimes require highly skilled and trained service professionals to successfully implement our applications and depend on our support organization to resolve technical issues relating to our applications. Implementation services may be performed by us, our customers, a third party, or a combination thereof. Our strategy is to work with third parties to increase the breadth of capability and depth of capacity for delivery of these services to our customers. If customers are not satisfied with the quality and timing of work or with the type of services or solutions delivered, we could incur additional costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, our revenue recognition could be impacted and the customer’s dissatisfaction with the services received could negatively impact our ability to sell our other offerings to that customer or retain existing customers. In addition, negative publicity related to our customer relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new business with current or prospective customers. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for support services across our varying and diverse offerings. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on our applications and business reputation and on positive recommendations from our existing customers. Any failure or perceived 18 Table of Contents failure to maintain high-quality professional and technical support services could adversely affect our reputation, our ability to sell our service offerings to existing and prospective customers, and our business, operating results and financial position. Strategic and Industry Risks The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed. The market for enterprise applications and platform services is highly competitive, rapidly evolving, fragmented and subject to changing technology, low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. Many prospective customers have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to implement and integrate their current enterprise software into their businesses and therefore may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate away from their current solution to a different enterprise software service. Additionally, third-party developers may be reluctant to build application services on our platform since they have invested in other competing technology platforms. Our current competitors include: • vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise applications delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; • AI-native companies and emerging startups that leverage generative AI and large language models as the core foundation of their architecture, offering highly specialized, autonomous, or automated solutions that may bypass traditional business process workflows or displace established user interfaces; • software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization; • vendors who offer software tailored to specific services, industries or market segments, as opposed to our full suite of service offerings, including suppliers of traditional business intelligence and data preparation products, integration software vendors, marketing vendors, e-commerce solutions vendors or AI software and service vendors; • productivity tool and email providers, unified communications providers and consumer application companies that have entered the business software market; and • traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new applications, including AI-augmented applications, that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services, as well as would-be customers who may develop enterprise applications for internal use. In addition, we may face more competition as we expand our service offerings. Some of our current and potential competitors may have competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more significant installed bases, broader geographic scope, broader suites of service offerings and larger marketing budgets, as well as substantially greater financial, technical, personnel and other resources. In addition, many of our current and potential competitors have established marketing relationships and access to larger customer bases, and have major distribution agreements with consultants, system integrators and resellers. We also experience competition from smaller competitors that may be more agile in responding to customers’ demands and offer more targeted and simplified solutions. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements, or provide competitive pricing, more flexible contracts or faster implementations. Additionally, as we continue to increasingly build AI into many of our offerings, we face more competition as AI technologies are increasingly integrated into the markets in which we compete. New AI offerings may disrupt our service offerings or transform workforce needs and negatively impact demand for our offerings, or our competitors may be able to incorporate AI into their offerings more efficiently or successfully than we are able to and achieve greater and faster adoption. Even if our products and services are more effective than the products and services that our competitors offer, potential customers might select competitive products and services in lieu of purchasing our products and services. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our c
[...TRUNCATED...]