TICKER=CRWD|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CRWD_2026-03-05.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS A description of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business is set forth below. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below, or of additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our Class A common stock, or “common stock,” could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Summary of Risk Factors Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, any one of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects. Below is a summary of some of these risks. This summary is not complete, and should be read together with the entire section titled “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other filings that we make with the SEC. • The July 19 Incident has had, and is expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, sales, customer and partner relations, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. • We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods, and if we do not manage our future growth, our business and results of operations will be adversely affected. • We have a history of losses, and while we have achieved profitability in certain periods, including fiscal 2024, we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. • If organizations do not adopt cloud-based SaaS-delivered endpoint security solutions, our ability to grow our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. • If we are unable to successfully enhance our existing products and services and introduce new products and services in response to rapid technological changes and market developments as well as evolving security threats, our competitive position and prospects will be harmed. • If we are unable to attract new customers, our future results of operations could be harmed. • If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our products and add additional cloud modules to their subscriptions, our future results of operations could be harmed. • Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. • We face intense competition and could lose market share to our competitors, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. • If our solutions fail or are perceived to fail to detect or prevent incidents or have or are perceived to have defects, errors, or vulnerabilities, our brand and reputation would be harmed, which would adversely affect our business and results of operations. • As a cybersecurity provider, we have been, and expect to continue to be, a target of cyberattacks. If our or our service providers’ internal networks, systems, or data are or are perceived to have been compromised, our reputation may be damaged and our financial results may be negatively affected. • We rely on third-party data centers, such as Amazon Web Services, and our own colocation data centers to host and operate our Falcon platform, and any disruption of or interference with our use of these facilities may negatively affect our ability to maintain the performance and reliability of our Falcon platform, which could cause our business to suffer. 21 Table of Contents • We rely on our key technical, sales and management personnel to grow our business, and the loss of one or more key employees could harm our business. • If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business could be harmed. • Our results of operations may fluctuate significantly, which could make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our results of operations to fall below expectations. • If we are not able to maintain and enhance our CrowdStrike and Falcon brands and our reputation as a provider of high-efficacy security solutions, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. • Claims by others that we infringe their proprietary technology or other intellectual property rights could result in significant costs and substantially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. • We are required to comply with stringent, complex and evolving laws, rules, regulations and standards in many jurisdictions, as well as contractual obligations, relating to data privacy and security. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with these requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business. • Failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our business could subject us to fines and penalties and could also cause us to lose customers or negatively impact our ability to contract with customers, including those in the public sector. • We are currently, and may in the future become, involved in litigation that may adversely affect us. • We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, warranty claims, product returns, and claims related to product liability and product defects from real or perceived defects in our solutions or their misuse by our customers or third parties and indemnity provisions in various agreements potentially expose us to substantial liability for intellectual property infringement and other losses. • Future acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships, or alliances could be difficult to identify and integrate, divert the attention of key management personnel, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry The July 19 Incident has had, and is expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, sales, customer and partner relations, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. On July 19, 2024, we released a content configuration update for our Falcon sensor that resulted in system crashes for certain Windows systems (the “July 19 Incident”). We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant costs and expenses related to the incident. The July 19 Incident has harmed, and is expected to continue to harm, our business, sales, customer and partner relations, and our reputation. As a result of the July 19 Incident, certain of our existing or prospective customers have deferred or decided against purchases of our products and services and terminated or chosen not to renew their contracts with us, and others may take similar actions in the future. The July 19 Incident has negatively impacted, and may in the future negatively impact, our existing or prospective partners’ ability or willingness to promote our products or services. Certain of our competitors have aggressively approached our current and prospective customers and partners to attempt to capitalize on the July 19 Incident, and may continue to do so. Furthermore, we have agreed to, and expect to agree to in the future, provide incentives in connection with our commercial arrangements with our customers, including subscription period extensions, discounts or promotional modules. The July 19 Incident has received negative media coverage and harmed our reputation and brand. Additional negative media coverage and publicity, whether directly or indirectly related to the July 19 Incident, may harm our reputation and brand further, exacerbating the effects discussed herein. These factors may result in harm to our business, results of operations and financial condition. While we are investing in enhancements to software resiliency, testing and customer controls following the July 19 Incident, we cannot guarantee that such enhancements will be effective, or that our products do not have or will not have defects, errors, or vulnerabilities. 22 Table of Contents We are party to a number of legal proceedings relating to the July 19 Incident, such as lawsuits filed by or on behalf of third parties, including securities litigation brought on behalf of certain purchasers of our common stock, derivative litigation asserting claims against certain officers and directors, and putative class actions brought by individual consumers. We have also received inquiries from governmental authorities and other third parties, and governmental authorities may seek to impose undertakings, injunctive relief, consent decrees or other penalties, which could, among other things, materially increase our expenses or otherwise require us to alter how we operate our business. Third parties, including governmental authorities, may take certain actions in response to the July 19 Incident that may negatively impact our business and operations and may result in additional costs and expenses relating to compliance, product development or other matters. Some customers and other third parties claiming to have been impacted by the incident have asserted claims against us or otherwise communicated their intent to seek indemnification or compensation from us. Additional claims may also be asserted by or on behalf of customers, customers’ insurers, partners, stockholders or others seeking monetary damages or other relief. These lawsuits, claims and inquiries are resulting, and are expected to result in the future, in the incurrence of significant costs and expenses, the diversion of management’s attention from the operation of our business and other negative impacts on our business and operations. While we maintain insurance policies that may cover certain costs, claims and liabilities in connection with the July 19 Incident, we expect that our insurance coverage will not cover all costs, claims and liabilities actually incurred, and we cannot be certain that our insurance will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods, and if we do not manage our future growth, our business and results of operations will be adversely affected. We have experienced rapid revenue growth in recent periods and we expect to continue to invest broadly across our organization to support our growth. Although we have experienced rapid growth historically, we may not sustain our current growth rates and our investments to support our growth may not be successful. The growth and expansion of our business will require us to invest significant financial and operational resources and the continuous dedication of our management team. Our future success will depend in part on our ability to manage our growth effectively, which will require us to, among other things: • effectively attract, integrate, and retain a large number of new employees, particularly members of our sales and marketing and research and development teams; • further improve our Falcon platform, including our cloud modules, and IT infrastructure, including expanding and optimizing our data centers, to support our business needs; • enhance our information and communication systems to ensure that our employees and offices around the world are well coordinated and can effectively communicate with each other and our growing base of channel partners and customers; and • improve our financial, management, and compliance systems and controls. If we fail to achieve these objectives effectively, our ability to manage our expected growth, ensure uninterrupted operation of our Falcon platform and key business systems, and comply with the rules and regulations applicable to our business could be impaired. Additionally, the quality of our platform and services could suffer and we may not be able to adequately address competitive challenges. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We have a history of losses, and while we have achieved profitability in certain periods, we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. We have incurred net losses each year prior to fiscal 2024, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We experienced net losses of $162.5 million and $15.2 million for fiscal 2026 and 2025, respectively, and net income of $72.2 million for fiscal 2024 . As of January 31, 2026, we had an accumulated deficit of $1.3 billion. While we have experienced significant growth in revenue in recent periods, and have achieved profitability during certain periods, including fiscal 2024, we cannot assure you when or whether we will reach sustained profitability. We also expect our operating expenses to increase in the future as we continue to invest for our future growth, which will negatively affect our results of operations if our total 23 Table of Contents revenue does not increase. We also have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant additional legal, accounting, and other expenses as a public company. Any failure to increase our revenue as we invest in our business or to manage our costs could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability or positive cash flow. If organizations do not adopt cloud-based SaaS-delivered endpoint security solutions, our ability to grow our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. We believe our future success will depend in large part on the growth, if any, in the market for cloud-based SaaS-delivered endpoint security solutions. The use of SaaS solutions to manage and automate security and IT operations is at an early stage and rapidly evolving. As such, it is difficult to predict its potential growth, if any, customer adoption and retention rates, customer demand for our solutions, customer consolidation on our platform, or the success of existing competitive products. Any expansion in our market depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance, and perceived value associated with our solutions and those of our competitors. If our solutions do not achieve widespread adoption or there is a reduction in demand for our solutions due to a lack of customer acceptance, technological challenges, damage to our reputation including as a result of the July 19 Incident, competing products, privacy concerns, decreases in corporate spending, weakening economic conditions or otherwise, it could result in early terminations, reduced customer retention rates, or decreased revenue, any of which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial results. We do not know whether the trend in adoption of cloud-based SaaS-delivered endpoint security solutions we have experienced in the past will continue in the future. Furthermore, to the extent we or other SaaS security providers experience security incidents, loss or disclosure of customer data, disruptions in delivery, or other problems, the market for SaaS solutions as a whole, including our security solutions, could be negatively affected. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we encounter in this new and evolving market. If we are unable to successfully enhance our existing products and services and introduce new products and services in response to rapid technological changes and market developments as well as evolving security threats, our competitive position and prospects will be harmed. Our ability to increase revenue from existing customers and attract new customers will depend in significant part on our ability to anticipate and respond effectively to rapid technological changes and market developments as well as evolving security threats. The success of our Falcon platform depends on our ability to take such changes into account and invest effectively in our research and development organization to increase the reliability, availability and scalability of our existing solutions and introduce new solutions. If we fail to effectively anticipate, identify or respond to such changes in a timely manner, or at all, our business could be harmed. Even if we adequately fund our research and development efforts there is no guarantee that we will realize a return on such efforts. Success in delivering enhancements and new solutions depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of the enhancement or new solution, the risk that such enhancement or new solution may have quality or other defects or deficiencies (such as those experienced in connection with the July 19 Incident), especially in the early stages of introduction, as well as our ability to seamlessly integrate all of our product and service offerings and develop adequate sales capabilities in new markets. Failure to effectively deliver, integrate, and manage perceptions with respect to enhancements and new solutions could erode our competitive position, significantly impair our revenue growth, and negatively impact our operating results. If we are unable to attract new customers, our future results of operations could be harmed. To expand our customer base, we need to convince potential customers to allocate a portion of their discretionary budgets to purchase our Falcon platform. Our sales efforts often involve educating our prospective customers about the uses and benefits of our Falcon platform. Enterprises and governments that use legacy security products, such as signature-based or malware-based products, firewalls, intrusion prevention systems, and antivirus, for their IT security may be hesitant to purchase our Falcon platform if they believe that these products are more cost effective, provide substantially the same functionality as our Falcon platform or provide a level of IT security that is sufficient to meet their needs. We may have difficulty convincing prospective customers of the value of adopting our solution. Even if we are successful in convincing prospective customers that a cloud native platform like ours is critical to protect against cyberattacks, they may not decide to purchase our Falcon platform for a variety of reasons, some of which are out of our control. For example, any deterioration in general economic conditions, including as a result of the geopolitical environment or changes and uncertainty regarding trade policies or tariffs, the outbreak of diseases or other public health crises, volatility in the banking and financial services sector, or inflation (as well as government policies such as raising interest rates in response to inflation), have in the past and may in the future cause our 24 Table of Contents current and prospective customers to delay or cut their overall security and IT operations spending, and such delays or cuts may fall disproportionately on cloud-based security solutions like ours. Economic weakness, customer financial difficulties, constrained spending on security and IT operations, and the impact of the July 19 Incident may result in decreased revenue, reduced sales, an increase in multi-phase subscription start dates, shorter terms for customer subscriptions, lengthened sales cycles, increased churn, lower demand for our products, and adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions. Furthermore, we may need to exercise more flexibility in customer payment terms as customers navigate a more challenging economic environment. Additionally, if the incidence of cyberattacks were to decline, or be perceived to decline, or if organizations adopt endpoints that use operating systems we do not adequately support, our ability to attract new customers and expand sales of our solutions to existing customers could be adversely affected. If organizations do not continue to adopt our Falcon platform, our sales will not grow as quickly as anticipated, or at all, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition would be harmed. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our products and add additional cloud modules to their subscriptions, our future results of operations could be harmed. In order for us to maintain or improve our results of operations, it is important that our customers renew their subscriptions for our Falcon platform when existing contract terms expire, and that we expand our commercial relationships with our existing customers by selling additional cloud modules and by deploying to more endpoints in their environments. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscription for our Falcon platform after the expiration of their contractual subscription period, which is generally one to three years, and in the normal course of business, some customers have elected not to renew. In addition, customers that previously signed multi-year subscription contracts may renew for shorter contract subscription lengths, and customers may cease using certain cloud modules altogether. Even if customers choose to renew their subscription of certain cloud modules, they may decline to purchase additional cloud modules or choose not to consolidate onto our Falcon platform. Our customer retention, renewals and expansion may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including our customers’ satisfaction with our products and services, our customers’ ability to fully utilize their product subscriptions, our pricing, customer security and networking issues and requirements, our customers’ spending levels, decreases in the number of endpoints to which our customers deploy our solutions, mergers and acquisitions involving our customers, industry developments, competition, the impact of the July 19 Incident, including the impact of our customer commitment packages, and general economic and geopolitical conditions. Any such impacts on customer renewals may result from a variety of different factors, including customers electing to renew with shorter subscription periods, fewer cloud modules, fewer endpoints or smaller contract values. If our efforts to maintain and expand our relationships with our existing customers are not successful, our business, results of operations, and financial condition may materially suffer. Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. Our revenue recognition is difficult to predict because of the length and unpredictability of the sales cycle for our Falcon platform. Customers often view the subscription to our Falcon platform as a significant strategic decision and, as a result, frequently require considerable time to evaluate, test and qualify our Falcon platform prior to entering into or expanding a relationship with us. Large enterprises and government entities in particular often undertake a significant evaluation process that further lengthens and adds uncertainty to our sales cycle. In addition, uncertain economic or geopolitical conditions, including in connection with changes in trade policies and tariffs, may lead to additional scrutiny of budgets by current and prospective customers, which has resulted in, for example, longer sales cycles for products and services, and may result in shifting demand for IT products and services, and slower adoption of new technologies. We have also experienced, and may continue to experience, longer sales cycles in connection with the July 19 Incident. We may also experience longer sales cycles as customers seek to consolidate on our Falcon platform and negotiate larger deals, including in connection with our flexible subscription offering. Our direct sales team develops relationships with our customers, and works with our channel partners on account penetration, account coordination, sales and overall market development. We spend substantial time and resources on our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce a sale. Security solution purchases are frequently subject to budget constraints, multiple approvals and unanticipated administrative, processing and other delays. As a result, it is difficult to predict whether and when a sale will be completed. The failure of our efforts to secure sales after investing resources in a lengthy sales process could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 25 Table of Contents We face intense competition and could lose market share to our competitors, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The market for security and IT operations solutions is intensely competitive, fragmented, and characterized by rapid changes in technology, customer requirements, industry standards, increasingly sophisticated attackers, and by frequent introductions of new or improved products or services to combat security threats. We expect to continue to face intense competition from current competitors, as well as from new entrants into the market. If we are unable to anticipate or react to these challenges, our competitive position could weaken, and we could experience a decline in revenue or reduced revenue growth, and loss of market share that would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to: • product capabilities, including performance and reliability, of our Falcon platform, including our cloud modules, services, and features compared to those of our competitors; • our ability, and the ability of our competitors, to improve existing products, services, and features, or to develop new ones to address evolving customer needs; • our ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees; • our ability to establish and maintain relationships with channel partners and direct customers; • the strength of our sales and marketing efforts; • the strength of our reputation and brand, including the impact to our reputation and brand as a result of the July 19 Incident; and • acquisitions or consolidation within our industry, which may result in more formidable competitors. Our competitors include the following by general category: • legacy antivirus product providers who offer a broad range of approaches and solutions including traditional signature-based anti-virus protection; • alternative endpoint security providers who generally offer a mix of on-premise and cloud-hosted products that rely heavily on malware-only or application whitelisting techniques; • network security vendors who are supplementing their core perimeter-based offerings with endpoint or cloud security solutions; • cloud security vendors, including those who focus on public cloud infrastructure and services; • identity security vendors that seek to identify and secure user accounts and related activities; • professional service providers who offer cybersecurity response services; and • legacy SIEM vendors who offer a range of log management and security capabilities. Many of our competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing, sales, and other resources, greater name recognition, longer operating histories, and a larger base of customers than we do. They may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of services than we can, and they may offer lower pricing than we do. Further, they may have greater resources for research and development of new technologies, the provision of customer support, and the pursuit of acquisitions. Our larger competitors have substantially broader and more diverse product and services offerings as well as routes to market, which allows them to leverage their relationships based on other products or incorporate functionality into existing products to gain business in a manner that discourages users from purchasing our platform, including our cloud modules. Conditions in our market are changing rapidly and significantly as a result of technological advancements, including with respect to AI. Our competitors may more successfully incorporate AI into their products, gain or leverage superior access 26 Table of Contents to certain AI technologies, and achieve higher market acceptance of their AI solutions. Conditions in our market could also change rapidly and significantly due to partnering or acquisitions by our competitors or continuing market consolidation. Some of our competitors have recently made acquisitions of businesses or have established cooperative relationships that may allow them to offer more directly competitive and comprehensive solutions than were previously offered and adapt more quickly to new technologies and customer needs. These competitive pressures in our market or our failure to compete effectively may result in price reductions, fewer orders, reduced revenue and gross margins, increased net losses and loss of market share. Further, competitors that specialize in providing protection from a single type of security threat may be able to deliver these targeted security products to the market quicker than we can or convince organizations that these limited products meet their needs. Even if there is significant demand for cloud-based security solutions like ours, if our competitors include functionality that is, or is perceived to be, equivalent to or better than ours in legacy products that are already generally accepted as necessary components of an organization’s IT security architecture, we may have difficulty increasing the market penetration of our solutions. Furthermore, even if the functionality offered by other security and IT operations providers is more limited than the functionality of our platform, organizations may elect to accept such limited functionality in lieu of adding products from additional vendors like us. If we are unable to compete successfully, or if competing successfully requires us to take aggressive pricing or other actions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. Competitive pricing pressure may reduce our gross profits and adversely affect our financial results. If we are unable to maintain our pricing due to competitive pressures or other factors, our margins will be reduced and our gross profits, business, results of operations, and financial condition would be adversely affected. The subscription prices for our Falcon platform, cloud modules, and professional services may decline for a variety of reasons, including competitive pricing pressures, discounts, anticipation of the introduction of new solutions by our competitors, or promotional programs offered by us or our competitors. The cybersecurity market remains very competitive, and competition may further increase in the future. Competitors may reduce the price of products or subscriptions that compete with ours or may bundle them with other products and subscriptions. If our solutions fail or are perceived to fail to detect or prevent incidents or have or are perceived to have defects, errors, or vulnerabilities, our brand and reputation would be harmed, which would adversely affect our business and results of operations. Real or perceived defects, errors or vulnerabilities in our Falcon platform and cloud modules, the failure of our platform to detect or prevent incidents, including advanced and newly developed attacks, misconfiguration of our solutions, or the failure of customers to take action on attacks identified by our platform could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. Because our cloud native security platform is complex, it has contained, and may in the future contain defects, errors or vulnerabilities that are not detected until after deployment. For example, the July 19 Incident harmed our brand and reputation, business and results of operations. In addition, we identified a transport layer security issue that impacted certain Falcon Linux sensors, which led us to release a security fix and publish a security advisory to remediate the matter in February 2025. If we fail to timely detect defects or errors before deployment in the future, our brand and reputation, business and results of operations will suffer further. We cannot assure you that our products will detect all cyberattacks, especially in light of the rapidly changing security threat landscape that our solution seeks to address. Due to a variety of both internal and external factors, including, without limitation, defects or misconfigurations of our or third-party solutions, our solutions could be or become vulnerable to security incidents (both from intentional attacks and accidental causes) that cause them to fail to secure endpoints and detect and block attacks. Furthermore, any defects, errors or vulnerabilities in third-party technology or solutions we rely on could result in disruptions to our operations and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, because the techniques used by computer hackers to access or sabotage networks and endpoints change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, there is a risk that an advanced attack could emerge that our cloud native security platform is unable to detect or prevent until after some of our customers are affected. Additionally, our Falcon platform may falsely indicate a cyberattack or threat that does not actually exist, which may lessen customers’ trust in our solutions. Moreover, as our cloud native security platform is adopted by an increasing number of enterprises and governments, individuals and organizations behind advanced cyberattacks may intensify their efforts to defeat our security platform. If this happens, our systems and subscription customers could be specifically targeted by attackers and could result in vulnerabilities in our platform or undermine the market acceptance of our Falcon platform and could adversely affect our reputation as a provider of security solutions. Because we host customer data on our cloud platform, which in some cases may contain personally-identifiable information or potentially confidential information, a security compromise, or an accidental or intentional misconfiguration or malfunction of our platform or third-party platforms, could result in personally-identifiable 27 Table of Contents information and other customer data being accessible such as to attackers or to other customers. Further, if a high profile security breach occurs with respect to another next-generation or cloud-based security system, our customers and potential customers may lose trust in cloud solutions generally, and cloud-based security solutions such as ours in particular. Organizations are increasingly subject to a wide variety of attacks on their networks, systems, and endpoints. No security solution, including our Falcon platform, can address all possible security threats or block all methods of penetrating a network or otherwise perpetrating a security incident. If any of our customers experiences a successful cyberattack while using our solutions or services, such customer could be disappointed with our Falcon platform, regardless of whether our solutions or services blocked the theft of any of such customer’s data, if the customer failed to protect its own credentials, or if the attack would have otherwise been mitigated or prevented if the customer had fully deployed aspects of our Falcon platform. Similarly, if our solutions detect attacks against a customer but the customer does not address the vulnerability, customers and the public may erroneously believe that our solutions were not effective. Security breaches against customers that use our solutions may result in customers and the public believing that our solutions failed. Our Falcon platform may fail to detect or prevent malware, viruses, worms or similar threats for any number of reasons, including our failure to enhance and expand our Falcon platform to reflect the increasing sophistication of malware, viruses and other threats. Real or perceived security breaches of our customers’ networks could cause disruption or damage to their networks or other negative consequences and could result in negative publicity to us, damage to our reputation, and other customer relations issues, and may adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. As a cybersecurity provider, we have been, and expect to continue to be, a target of cyberattacks. If our or our service providers’ internal networks, systems, or data are or are perceived to have been compromised, our reputation may be damaged and our financial results may be negatively affected. As a provider of security solutions, we have in the past been, and may in the future be, specifically targeted by bad actors for attacks intended to circumvent our security capabilities or to exploit our Falcon platform as an entry point into customers’ endpoints, networks, or systems. In particular, because we have been involved in the identification of organized cybercriminals and nation-state actors, we have been the subject of intense efforts by sophisticated cyber adversaries who seek to compromise our systems. Such efforts may also intensify as geopolitical tensions increase. In addition, bad actors have attempted to leverage the July 19 Incident to facilitate malicious activity, including, for example, through sending phishing emails posing as CrowdStrike support. Such activity, whether or not successful, could result in additional harm to our business. We are also susceptible to inadvertent compromises of our systems and data, including those arising from process, coding, or human errors. Moreover, we utilize third-party service providers to, among other things, host, transmit, or otherwise process electronic data in connection with our business activities, including our supply chain, operations, and communications. Our third-party service providers and other vendors have faced and may continue to face cyberattacks, compromises, interruptions in service, or other security incidents from a variety of sources. A successful attack or other incident that results in an interruption of service or that compromises our or our service providers’ internal networks, systems, or data could have a significant negative effect on our operations, reputation, financial resources, and the value of our intellectual property. We cannot assure you that any of our efforts to manage this risk, including adoption of a comprehensive incident response plan and process for detecting, mitigating, and investigating security incidents that we regularly test through table-top exercises, testing of our security protocols through additional techniques, such as penetration testing, debriefing after security incidents, to improve our security and responses, and regular briefing of our directors and officers on our cybersecurity risks, preparedness, and management, will be effective in protecting us from such attacks. It is virtually impossible for us to entirely eliminate the risk of such attacks, compromises, interruptions in service, or other security incidents affecting our internal systems or data, or that of our third-party service providers and vendors. Organizations are subject to a wide variety of attacks on their supply chain, networks, systems, and endpoints, and techniques used to sabotage or to obtain unauthorized access to networks in which data is stored or through which data is transmitted change frequently. Furthermore, employee error or malicious activity could compromise our systems. As a result, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate measures to prevent an intrusion into our networks, which could result in unauthorized access to customer data, intellectual property including access to our source code, and information about vulnerabilities in our product, which in turn, could reduce the effectiveness of our solutions, or lead to cyberattacks or other intrusions of our customers’ networks, litigation, governmental audits and investigations and significant legal fees, any or all of which could damage our relationships with our existing customers and could have a negative effect on our ability to attract and retain new customers. We have expended, and anticipate continuing to expend, significant resources in an effort to prevent security breaches and other security incidents impacting our systems and data. Since our business is focused on providing reliable security services to our customers, we believe that an actual or perceived security incident affecting our internal systems or data 28 Table of Contents or data of our customers would be especially detrimental to our reputation, customer confidence in our solution, and our business. In addition, while we maintain insurance policies that may cover certain liabilities in connection with a cybersecurity incident, we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. We rely on third-party data centers, such as Amazon Web Services, and our own colocation data centers to host and operate our Falcon platform, and any disruption of or interference with our use of these facilities may negatively affect our ability to maintain the performance and reliability of our Falcon platform which could cause our business to suffer. Our customers depend on the continuous availability of our Falcon platform. We currently host our Falcon platform and serve our customers using a mix of third-party data centers, primarily Amazon Web Services, Inc., or AWS, and our data centers, hosted in colocation facilities. Consequently, we may be subject to service disruptions as well as failures to provide adequate support for reasons that are outside of our direct control. We have experienced, and expect that in the future we may experience interruptions, delays and outages in service and availability from time to time due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, website hosting disruptions and capacity constraints. The following factors, many of which are beyond our control, can affect the delivery, availability, and the performance of our Falcon platform: • the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the internet; • the performance and availability of third-party providers of cloud infrastructure services, such as AWS, with the necessary speed, data capacity and security for providing reliable internet access and services; • decisions by the owners and operators of the data centers where our cloud infrastructure is deployed to terminate our contracts, discontinue services to us, shut down operations or facilities, increase prices, change service levels, limit bandwidth, declare bankruptcy or prioritize the traffic of other parties; • physical or electronic break-ins, acts of war or terrorism, human error or interference (including by disgruntled employees, former employees or contractors) and other catastrophic events; • cyberattacks, including denial of service attacks, targeted at us, our data centers, or the infrastructure of the internet; • failure by us to maintain and update our cloud infrastructure to meet our data capacity requirements; • errors, defects or performance problems in our software, including third-party software incorporated in our software; • improper deployment or configuration of our solutions; • the failure of our redundancy systems, in the event of a service disruption at one of our data ce
[...TRUNCATED...]