TICKER=CRWV|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CRWV_2026-03-02.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors A description of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business is set forth below. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks occur, our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose all or a part of your investment. Summary Risk Factors Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties and this summary provides an overview of such risks. You should read this risk factor summary together with the more detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties following this summary. • Our business would be harmed if we were not able to access sufficient power or by increased costs to procure power, prolonged power outages, shortages, or capacity constraints. • We have a limited number of suppliers for significant components of the equipment we use to build and operate our platform and provide our solutions and services. Any disruption in the availability of these components could delay our ability to expand or increase the capacity of our infrastructure or replace defective equipment. • If our data center providers fail to meet the requirements of our business, or if the data center facilities experience damage, interruption, or a security breach, our ability to provide access to our infrastructure and maintain the performance of our network could be negatively impacted. • Our recent growth may not be indicative of our future growth, and if we do not effectively manage our future growth, our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects may be adversely affected. • A substantial portion of our revenue is driven by a limited number of our customers, and the loss of, or a significant reduction in, spending from one or a few of our top customers would adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. • Our operations require substantial and growing capital expenditures, and we will require additional capital to fund our business and support our growth, and any inability to generate or obtain such capital on acceptable terms, if at all, or to lower our total cost of capital, may adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. • If we fail to efficiently enhance our platform and develop and sell new solutions and services and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, changing regulations, and changing customer needs, requirements, or preferences, our platform may become less competitive. • The broader adoption, use, and commercialization of artificial intelligence ("AI") technology, and the continued rapid pace of developments in the AI field, are inherently uncertain. Failure by our customers to continue to use our CoreWeave Cloud Platform to support AI use cases in their systems, or our ability to keep up with evolving AI technology requirements and regulatory frameworks, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. • Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which could make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations. • We face intense competition and could lose market share to our competitors, which would adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. • Our substantial indebtedness could materially adversely affect our financial condition, our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, our ability to operate our business, our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, our ability to meet our obligations under our outstanding indebtedness and could divert our cash flow from operations for debt payments, and we may still incur substantially more indebtedness in the future. • The multi-class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting power with our Co-Founders (as defined below), which will limit your ability to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. 13 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our business would be harmed if we were not able to access sufficient power or by increased costs to procure power, prolonged power outages, shortages, or capacity constraints. We depend on third parties, including utilities, independent system operators, regulators, governments, and global suppliers to secure sufficient power, which powers our data center facilities, in a cost-effective manner. Limitations on generation, transmission, and distribution may limit our ability to obtain sufficient power capacity for our potential expansion sites in new or existing markets. Power providers, other participants in the power market, and regulators may impose onerous operating conditions, such as power generation procurement obligations or collateralization requirements, to any approval or provision of power. The local electricity grids in the markets where we have data centers have faced substantial increases in demand for power. Although there are some early stage alternative methods to source power to local electricity grids they may not be available to service all of our needs due to lack of supply or high cost per unit of electricity. Our inability to secure sufficient power on terms that are acceptable to us could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation, ability to operate, financial condition, and prospects. Our data center facilities are affected by problems accessing electricity sources, such as unplanned or planned power outages and limitations on transmission or distribution of power. Unplanned power outages, including, but not limited to those relating to large storms, earthquakes, fires, tsunamis, cyberattacks, physical attacks on utility infrastructure, war, and any failures of electrical power grids more generally, and planned power outages by public utilities, such as the practice of planned outages by the public utilities in California, Colorado, Texas, and other states to minimize fire risks, could harm our customers and our business. Further, our existing data center facilities are located in leased buildings where, depending upon the lease requirements and number of tenants involved, we may or may not control some or all of the infrastructure, including generators and fuel tanks. As a result, in the event of a power outage, we could be dependent upon the landlord, as well as the utility company, to restore the power. Even if we attempt to limit our exposure to system downtime by using backup generators, which are in turn supported by onsite fuel storage and through contracts with fuel suppliers, these measures may not always prevent downtime or large-scale outages. We may also face constraints on our ability to deliver our platform, solutions, and services if there is limited power supply or a disruption in power supply. Our failure, or our suppliers' failure, to achieve or maintain high data transmission capacity and sufficient electrical services would impact our ability to meet customer needs and could significantly reduce customer demand for our services. Such reduced demand and resulting loss of compute, cost increases, or failure to upgrade our equipment or adapt to new technologies would harm our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. Any outage or supply disruption could adversely affect our customer experience, as well as our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. Additionally, for our potential new data centers and expansion sites, we expect to commit substantial operational and financial resources, including long-term power supply contracts, in advance of securing customer contracts for those data centers. This asymmetric dynamic could adversely affect our business, financial position, results from operations and prospects. Finally, the global energy market is currently experiencing inflation and volatility pressures. Although we use power purchase agreements to hedge against the risk of some changes in the price of power, there is no guarantee that they will work as intended or will protect us from long-term changes in the price of power. We expect the cost for power to continue to be volatile and unpredictable and subject to inflationary pressures, which could materially affect our financial forecasting, business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. We have a limited number of suppliers for significant components of the equipment we use to build and operate our platform and provide our solutions and services. Any disruption in the availability of these components could delay our ability to expand or increase the capacity of our infrastructure or replace defective equipment. We do not manufacture the components we use to build the technology infrastructure underlying our platform. We have a limited number of suppliers that we use to procure and configure significant components of the technology infrastructure that we use to operate our platform and provide our solutions and services to our customers. For example, as a result of our obligations in our current customer contracts, all of the GPUs used in our infrastructure today are NVIDIA GPUs. Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2025, three suppliers accounted for 23%, 20%, and 17% of total purchases, for the year ended December 31, 2024, three suppliers accounted for 46%, 16%, and 14% of total purchases, and for the year ended December 31, 2023, three suppliers account for 57%, 22%, and 11% of total purchases. Utilizing a limited number of suppliers of the components for our technology infrastructure exposes us to risks, including: • asymmetry between component availability and contractual performance obligations, including where specified components are required; 14 Table of Contents • shifts in market-leading technologies away from those offered by our current suppliers that could impact our ability to offer our customers the solutions and services that they are seeking; • reduced control over production costs and constraints based on the then current availability, terms, and pricing of these components, including any delays in our supply chain; • limited ability to control aspects of the quality, performance, quantity, and cost of our infrastructure or of its components; • the potential for binding price or purchase commitments with our suppliers at higher than market rates; • reliance on our suppliers to keep up with technological advancements at the same pace as our business and customer demands, including their ability to continue to deliver next generation components that are substantially better than the prior generation; • consolidation among suppliers in our industry, which may harm our ability to negotiate and obtain favorable terms from our suppliers and the third-party suppliers that our suppliers rely on; • labor and political unrest at facilities we do not operate or own; • geopolitical disputes disrupting our or any of our suppliers' supply chains, such as geopolitical tensions including but not limited to Taiwan and China and instability in Venezuela; • business, legal, compliance, litigation, and financial concerns affecting our suppliers or their ability to manufacture and ship components in the quantities, of the quality, and in the manner we require; • impacts on our supply chain from adverse public health developments, including outbreaks of contagious diseases or pandemics; and • disruptions due to floods, wildfires, earthquakes, storms, and other natural disasters, particularly in countries with limited infrastructure and disaster recovery resources, or regional conflicts. Our technology infrastructure components suppliers fulfill our supply requirements on the basis of individual purchase orders, which we often place with lead times specified by the specific supplier. We have no control over the lead times demanded by our suppliers to fulfill our supply requirements in the future. Additionally, if such lead times increase in the future for any one or more of our infrastructure components, we may face a supply interruption for necessary components. We currently have no long-term contracts or arrangements with our suppliers that guarantee capacity or the continuation of any particular payment terms. Accordingly, after individual purchase orders have been completed, our suppliers are not obligated to continue to fulfill our supply expectations, and the prices we are charged for their products and, if applicable, services could be increased on short notice. Any inability of or delay by our suppliers to meet our order demands (including due to the suppliers' competing commercial priorities, any geopolitical factors affecting their suppliers, or any other business disruption) could delay or disrupt our ability to procure necessary components. Further, because we often submit purchase orders to our suppliers according to stated lead times and generally order only what we need to fulfill customer requirements, any delay from our suppliers may result in our inability to provide our infrastructure and platform to our customers on a timely basis and fulfill our contractual requirements under our customer contracts. Additionally, our current customers have contractually specified our use of NVIDIA GPUs. If we are required to change suppliers, our ability to meet our obligations to our customers, including scheduled compute access, could be adversely affected and our solutions may not perform, which could cause the loss of sales from existing or potential customers, delayed revenue, or an increase in our costs, which could adversely affect our margins and other financial results. Any production or shipping interruption for any reason, such as a natural disaster, epidemics, pandemics, capacity shortages, quality problems, or strike or other labor disruption at one of our supplier locations or at shipping ports or locations, could adversely affect sales of our solution and services offerings. In addition, we are continually working to expand and enhance our infrastructure features, technology, and network and other technologies to accommodate substantial increases in the computing power required by more compute-intensive workloads on our platform, the amount of data we host, and our overall number of total customers. We may be unable to project accurately the rate or timing of these increases or to allocate resources successfully to address such increases and may underestimate the data center capacity needed to address such increases. Our limited number of suppliers, in turn, may not be able to quickly respond to our needs, which would have a negative impact on customer experience and our ability to meet our contractual obligations. In the future, we may be required to allocate additional resources, including spending substantial amounts to build, purchase, or lease or license data centers and equipment and upgrade our technology and network infrastructure in order to handle increased customer usage, and our suppliers may not be able to satisfy such requirements. In addition, our network or our suppliers' networks might be unable to achieve or maintain data transmission capacity high enough to effectively deliver our services. 15 Table of Contents Moreover, our suppliers themselves rely on a complex network of third-party suppliers for semiconductor manufacturing, hardware components, and other critical inputs, which introduces additional risks to our supply chain. For example, NVIDIA relies on suppliers such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company for semiconductor fabrication and other manufacturers for compute and networking components. Any disruption in the operations of these upstream suppliers, whether due to equipment failures, geopolitical factors such as the growing potential for military conflict between China and Taiwan, or subcomponent or raw material supply chain constraints, could affect our suppliers' ability to supply the significant components of the equipment we use to operate our platform and provide our solutions and services to our customers, which would, in turn, affect the availability of our solutions and services, lead times, and our financial results. In addition, to the extent any of our suppliers' businesses are impacted by business, legal, compliance, litigation, and financial concerns, including regulatory scrutiny and export controls, our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects may be adversely affected. For example, increasing use of tariffs, economic sanctions and export controls has impacted and may in the future impact the availability and cost of GPUs and other components of our platform. Tariff actions, quotas, and retaliatory measures may raise the price of imported equipment and materials we rely on. If additional restrictions are imposed on semiconductors, networking equipment, or design and manufacturing software, or if foreign governments adopt countermeasures, our procurement costs could rise and our ability to deploy capacity on planned timelines could be reduced. Expansion or reinterpretation of United States export controls that cover advanced computing hardware, software, or related services could limit availability of components or require reconfiguration of our infrastructure plans. Responses from governments outside of the U.S. to U.S. export controls could further affect supply, logistics, and servicing. These dynamics could slow our ability to add or replace hardware and could affect the economics of certain deployments. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, component shortages. In the event of a supplier unavailability, component shortage, or supply interruption, we may not be able to secure alternate sources in a timely manner. Securing alternate sources of supply for these components or services may be time-consuming, difficult, and costly and we may not be able to source these components or services on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, which may undermine our ability to fill our orders promptly. Any interruption or delay in the supply of any of these components or services, or the inability to obtain these components or services from alternate sources at acceptable prices and within a reasonable amount of time, would harm our ability to meet the demand of our customers, which in turn would have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. If our data center providers fail to meet the requirements of our business, or if the data center facilities experience damage, interruption, or a security breach, our ability to provide access to our infrastructure and maintain the performance of our network could be negatively impacted. We lease space in or otherwise license use of third-party data centers located in the United States, Europe and United Kingdom. Our current business is reliant on these data center facilities. Given that we lease or license our existing data center space, we do not control the operation of these third-party facilities. Consequently, we could be subject to service disruptions as well as failures to provide adequate support for reasons that are outside of our direct control. Our data center facilities and network infrastructure are vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources including earthquakes, floods, storms, fires, power loss, system failures, computer and other cybersecurity vulnerabilities, physical or electronic break-ins, human error, malfeasance or interference, including by employees, former employees, or contractors, as well as crime, terrorist acts and other catastrophic events. We and the data center facilities we lease space in or license use of have experienced, and may in the future experience, disruptions, outages, and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including availability or sufficiency of power, infrastructure changes, and capacity constraints, occasionally due to an overwhelming number of customers accessing our infrastructure simultaneously. Our third-party data centers and network infrastructure may also be subject to cybersecurity attacks, including supply chain attacks, due to the actions of outside parties or human error, malfeasance, insider threats, system errors or vulnerabilities, insufficient cybersecurity controls, a combination of these, or otherwise, which may cause service outages and otherwise impact our ability to provide our solutions and services. While we review the security measures of our third-party data centers, we cannot ensure that these measures will be sufficient to prevent a cybersecurity attack or to protect the continued operation of our platform in the event of a cybersecurity attack, and any impact to our solutions and services may also impact our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. Data center facilities housing our network infrastructure may also be subject to local administrative actions, changes to legal or permitting requirements, labor disputes, litigation to stop, limit, or delay operations, and other legal challenges, including by government agencies seeking to gain access to customer accounts for law enforcement or other reasons. In addition, while we have entered into various agreements for the lease of data center space, equipment, maintenance, and other services, those third parties could fail to deliver on their contractual obligations under those agreements, including agreements to provide us with certain data, equipment, and utilities information required to run our business, such as the delays that we announced in November 2025 with respect to the 16 Table of Contents delivery of certain data centers to be provided by a third-party data center provider. Any failure by our third-party data center providers to timely deliver on their agreements with us would have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. Furthermore, we may require the data centers we lease to have certain highly specific attributes in order to effectively run our business. For example, our state-of-the art data centers may also require networking equipment, high-speed interconnects, enhanced access to power, and liquid cooling infrastructure. In some cases, these third-party data centers are required to undergo extensive retrofitting and improvement efforts, including to incorporate novel developments in our industry, which are time consuming, expensive, and less efficient than if we were to lease from spaces already designed for our operations, and which may not ultimately be successful in meeting all of our requirements. If third parties fail to successfully deliver on such performance requirements, our ability to maintain the performance of our network would be negatively impacted. Other factors, many of which are beyond our control, that can affect the delivery, performance, and availability of our platform include: • the development, maintenance, and functioning of the infrastructure of the internet as a whole; • the performance and availability of third-party telecommunications services with the necessary speed, data capacity, and security for providing reliable and fast internet access and services; • the success or failure of our redundancy systems; • the success or failure of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans; • decisions by the owners and operators of the data center facilities where our infrastructure is installed or by global telecommunications service provider partners who provide us with network bandwidth to terminate our contracts, discontinue services to us, shut down operations or facilities, increase prices, change service levels, limit bandwidth, declare bankruptcy, breach their contracts with us, or prioritize the traffic of other parties; • our ability to enter into data center agreements and leases or enter into data center acquisition agreements or joint venture agreements according to our business needs and on terms and with counterparties acceptable to us; • our data center partners' ability to procure requisite financing on acceptable terms to finance the construction and build-out of our leased sites; and • changing sentiment by government regulators relating to data center development, including in response to public concerns regarding electricity and water use, environmental impact and development, which may result in restrictive government regulation or otherwise impact the future construction, development or operation of additional data centers. In addition, many of the leases we have entered into for third-party data centers have multi-year terms and fixed capacity. If we do not accurately anticipate the data center capacity required by our customers, including if they use less or more of our infrastructure than expected, we would incur additional costs due to leasing more capacity than is used and paid for by our customers or, alternatively, in seeking additional data center capacity to fulfill unexpected demand on terms that may not be economically feasible or acceptable to us, if we are able to lease additional capacity at all. We may also need to seek additional data center capacity in the event any leases with third parties are terminated or not renewed, which we may be unable to do on reasonable terms or at all. The occurrence of any of these factors, or our inability to quickly, efficiently, and cost-effectively fix such errors or other problems that may be identified, could damage our reputation, negatively impact our relationship with our customers, or otherwise materially harm our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. Currently, with our joint venture in Kenilworth, New Jersey, and in the future with new projects, we are beginning to develop our own data centers, rather than relying on third parties and, because of our limited experience in this area, we could experience unforeseen difficulties. For example, any expansion of our data center infrastructure would be complex, and unanticipated delays in the completion of those projects or availability of components may lead to increased project costs, operational inefficiencies, or interruptions in the delivery or degradation of the quality of our platform. In addition, there may be issues related to this infrastructure that are not identified during the testing phases of design and implementation, which may only become evident after we have started to fully utilize the underlying equipment, that could further degrade our platform or increase our costs. 17 Table of Contents Our recent growth may not be indicative of our future growth, and if we do not effectively manage our future growth, our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects may be adversely affected. We were founded in September 2017, launched our CoreWeave Cloud Platform in 2020, and have experienced significant growth in a short period of time. Our revenue was $5.1 billion, $1.9 billion, and $229 million, for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Investors should not rely on the revenue growth of any prior quarterly or annual period as an indication of our future performance. Our revenue may stop increasing or may decrease in the future. Even if our revenue continues to increase, our revenue growth rate is expected to decline in the future as a result of a variety of factors, including the maturation of our business. Overall growth of our revenue will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to our ability to: • operate and expand our cloud infrastructure, including but not limited to due to supply chain limitations, direct and third-party partner financing constraints, and data center and/or power availability; • compete with other companies in our industry, including those with significantly greater financial, technical, marketing, sales, and other resources; • continue to develop new solutions and services and new functionality for our platform and successfully further optimize our existing infrastructure, solutions, and services; • retain existing customers and increase sales to existing customers, as well as attract new customers and grow our customer base; • successfully expand our business domestically and internationally; • generate sufficient cash flow from operations and raise additional capital, including through indebtedness, to support continued investments in our platform to maintain our technological leadership and the security of our platform; • strategically expand our direct sales force and efficiently leverage our existing sales capacity; • introduce and sell our solutions and services to new markets and verticals; • recruit, hire, train, and manage additional qualified personnel for our research and development activities; • maintain our existing, and enter into new, more cost-efficient, financing structures; and • successfully identify and acquire or invest in businesses, products, or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our platform. In addition to the factors discussed above, our revenue growth may also be impacted by industry-specific factors, particularly the continued development of AI (including advancements in AI technology that may lead to further compute efficiencies), the broader adoption, use, and commercialization of AI and any impacts of the developing AI regulatory environment. As many of these factors are beyond our control, it is difficult for us to accurately forecast our future operating results. If the assumptions that we use to plan our business are incorrect or change in reaction to changes in our market, we may be unable to maintain consistent revenue or revenue growth, the value of our stock could be volatile, and it may be difficult to achieve and, if achieved, maintain profitability. In addition, changes in the macroeconomic environment, including actual or perceived global banking and finance related issues, domestic and foreign regulatory uncertainty, changes in trade policies (including the imposition of tariffs, trade controls and other trade barriers or retaliation for those measures by other governments), labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, volatile interest rates, inflation, stagflation, spending environments, geopolitical instability, warfare and uncertainty, including the effects of the conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, instability in Venezuela, weak economic conditions in certain regions, or a reduction in AI spending regardless of macroeconomic conditions may impact our growth. In addition, because we have many long-term contracts, changes in the macroeconomic environment that adversely affect our business could result in us having excess capacity that could impact our financial position. In addition, as we have grown, our number of customers has also increased, and we have increasingly managed more complex deployments of our infrastructure in more complex computing environments. The rapid growth and expansion of our business places a significant strain on our management, operational, engineering, and financial resources. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our infrastructure, including information technology ("IT") and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. If we do not manage future growth effectively, our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects would be harmed. 18 Table of Contents If we continue to experience rapid growth, we may not be able to successfully implement or scale improvements to our systems, processes, and controls in an efficient, timely, or cost-effective manner. As we grow, our existing systems, processes, and controls may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or fraud. Any future growth will continue to add complexity to our organization and require effective coordination throughout our organization. Failure to manage any future growth effectively could result in increased costs, cause difficulty or delays in deploying our platform to new and existing customers, reduce demand for our platform, and cause difficulties in introducing new solutions and services or other operational difficulties, and any of these difficulties would adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. A substantial portion of our revenue is driven by a limited number of our customers, and the loss of, or a significant reduction in, spending from one or a few of our top customers would adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. A substantial portion of our revenue is driven by a limited number of customers. We recognized an aggregate of approximately 67% of our revenue from our top customer, Microsoft, for the year ended December 31, 2025. We recognized an aggregate of approximately 77% of our revenue from our top two customers for the year ended December 31, 2024. We recognized an aggregate of approximately 73% of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023, from our top three customers. None of our other customers represented 10% or more of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025. In May 2025, we entered into a master services agreement with OpenAI OpCo, LLC ("OpenAI") and in September 2025, we entered into an order form under this master services agreement pursuant to which OpenAI has committed to pay us up to approximately $6.5 billion through May 31, 2031 and, as a result, we expect OpenAI to be a significant customer in future periods. Similarly, in September 2025, we entered into an order form under an existing master services agreement pursuant to which Meta Platforms, Inc. ("Meta") initially committed to pay us up to approximately $14.2 billion through December 2031 and, as a result, we also expect Meta to be a significant customer in future periods. We expect that our customer concentration with a limited number of top customers is likely to continue in future years because of the long-term nature of contracts with those customers. Any negative changes in demand from our top customers or the perception of negative changes in demand from our top customers, in their ability or willingness to perform under their contracts with us, in laws or regulations applicable to these customers or the regions in which they operate, or in our broader strategic relationship with these customers, or any failures or alleged or perceived failures to satisfy contractual requirements, would adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. We anticipate that we will continue to derive a significant portion of our revenue from a limited number of customers for the foreseeable future, and in some cases, the portion of our revenue attributable to certain customers may increase in the future. The composition of our customer base, including our top customers, may fluctuate from period to period given that our customer composition has changed and is expected to continue to shift significantly as our business continues to evolve and scale and as the use cases for AI continue to develop. However, we may not be able to maintain or increase revenue from our top customers for a variety of reasons, including the following: • customers may develop their own services that may compete with our services; • some of our customers may redesign their systems to require fewer of our services with limited notice to us and may choose not to renew or increase their purchases of our platform, solutions, and services; • our customers may have pre-existing or concurrent relationships with, or may be, current or potential competitors that may affect such customers' decisions to purchase our platform, solutions, and services; and • we may not be able to obtain financing on terms that are acceptable to us or at all sufficient to support the significant future capital expenditures that may be necessary to meet contractual obligations to such customers. Customer relationships often require us to continually improve our platform, which may involve significant technological and design challenges, and our customers may place considerable pressure on us to meet tight development and capacity availability schedules. Accordingly, we may have to devote a substantial amount of our resources to our strategic relationships, which could detract from or delay our completion of other important development projects. Delays in making capacity or AI infrastructure available and performing to contractual specifications could impair our relationships with our customers and negatively impact forecasted sales of the services under development. Moreover, it is possible that our customers may develop their own infrastructure that may compete with our services or adopt a competitor's infrastructure for services that they currently buy from us. If that happens, our revenue would be adversely impacted and our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects would be materially and adversely affected. 19 Table of Contents Our operations require substantial and growing capital expenditures, and we will require additional capital to fund our business and support our growth, and any inability to generate or obtain such capital on acceptable terms, if at all, or to lower our total cost of capital, may adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. We require substantial and growing capital expenditures to support our growth and respond to business challenges. We have made significant financial investments in our business, and we intend to continue to make such investments in the future, including expenditures to procure components for, maintain, upgrade, and enhance our platform, including costs related to obtaining third-party chips and leasing and maintaining, enhancing, and expanding our data centers. While we have historically been able to fund capital expenditures from cash generated from operations, as well as equity and debt financings, factors outside of our control, including those described in this "Risk Factors" section, and particularly those under "—Risks Related to Our Indebtedness," could materially reduce the cash available from operations, impede our ability to raise additional capital, or significantly increase our capital expenditure requirements, which may result in our inability to fund the necessary level of capital expenditures to maintain and expand our operations. This could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. Additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all. If adequate financing is not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to invest in future growth opportunities, which could harm our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. If we raise additional funds through equity or convertible debt issuances, our existing stockholders may suffer significant dilution and these securities could have rights, preferences, and privileges that are superior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. If we obtain additional funds through debt financing, we may not be able to obtain such financing on terms favorable to us. There are a limited number of providers of debt, convertible debt, and equity financing and if other companies are able to offer better risk and return profiles to such parties, we may not be able to raise sufficient funds through debt, convertible debt, and equity financing in the future. Further, the current or future global macroeconomic environment could make it more difficult to raise additional capital on favorable terms, if at all. Such terms may involve restrictive covenants making it difficult to engage in capital raising activities and pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. The trading prices of recently-public companies have been highly volatile as a result of multiple factors including, the conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, and instability in Venezuela, inflation and stagflation, interest rate volatility, domestic and foreign regulatory uncertainty, changes in trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs, trade controls and other trade barriers, changing appetites for risk by investors, actual or perceived instability in the banking system, and market downturns, which may reduce our ability to access capital on favorable terms or at all. In addition, a recession, depression, or other sustained adverse market event could adversely affect our business and the value of our Class A common stock. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired and our business may be adversely affected, requiring us to delay, reduce, or eliminate some or all of our operations. Even if we are able to raise such capital, we cannot guarantee that we will deploy it in such a fashion that allows us to achieve better operating results or grow our business. Moreover, in order to fund investments in our infrastructure, we have pioneered and scaled innovative financing structures that have enabled us to grow our business through timely and flexible access to capital. While we expect our cost of capital to continue declining as we benefit from economies of scale and increasingly are able to access lower cost forms of financing, including asset-backed securitizations and rated parent-level debt, our ability to lower our cost of capital depends upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including broader macroeconomic conditions. If we are unable to continue lowering our cost of capital, our ability to effectively compete, especially with larger competitors that have greater financial and other resources, as well as our operating results, financial condition, and business, may be adversely impacted. In order to meet the demand for AI cloud infrastructure services, we and our partners may need to expand existing data centers through development projects or add new data centers through construction projects, each of which is a complex and capital-intensive undertaking. In order to meet the demand for cloud infrastructure, we have expanded, and may continue to expand existing data center campuses, lease new data center facilities or acquire suitable land to build new data centers. These development and construction projects are highly complex, capital-intensive and require a combination of scale, speed and advanced technology. Execution of these projects is extremely difficult and has multiple potential failure points that expose us to many risks, either directly or indirectly through delays or increased partner costs that are passed on to us, which could have a material, adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, and prospects. Some of the risks associated with these projects include: • construction delays from us or our partners; 20 Table of Contents • lack of availability and delays for data center equipment, including items such as GPUs, CPUs, memory, power distribution units, switchboards, breakers, cables, and cooling equipment; • coordination with and dependence on our third-party partners that are responsible for numerous critical aspects of these projects and may take actions that are not within our control; • the need to raise funds directly or indirectly to finance these capital-intensive projects through debt and equity financings, which may not be available to us in a sufficient amount or on reasonable terms (and our third party partners may face similar issues, which may affect us); • increased prices or lack of availability of construction supplies, raw materials and data center equipment that either affect us indirectly through our partners or directly; • availability of skilled labor who are able to effectively and safely work with advanced tec
[...TRUNCATED...]