TICKER=CSGP|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CSGP_2026-02-26.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors Summary of Risk Factors Risks related to our business • If we are unable to attract and retain new clients, particularly subscribers to our information, analytics, and online marketplace services, our revenue and financial position will be adversely affected. • Failure to develop and introduce new or upgraded information, analytics, and online marketplace services or to shift focus from current services with less demand could decrease our revenue and our profitability. • We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing market, and we may not be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors in attracting advertisers, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. • Our operating and financial results are subject to fluctuations and market cyclicality, which could negatively affect our stock price. • Global economic uncertainties and downturns or a downturn or consolidation in the real estate industry may decrease customer demand for our services and adversely affect our business and results of operations. • If we are unable to hire qualified people for, or retain and continue to develop our sales force, or if our sales force is unproductive, our revenue could be adversely affected. • Our business depends on retaining and attracting highly capable management and operating personnel. • Our internal and external investments may place downward pressure on our operating margins. • We may not be able to maintain or grow our current revenue and profit levels. • We may be unable to increase awareness of our brands, which could adversely affect our business. • If our websites are not prominently featured in internet search engine results, if internet search engines integrate technologies or adopt ranking methodologies that decrease traffic to our websites, or if we are unable to maintain or increase traffic to our marketplaces, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. • If real estate professionals or other advertisers reduce or cancel their advertising spending with us and we are unable to attract new advertisers, our operating results would be harmed. • If we are unable to successfully identify, finance, integrate, and/or manage costs related to acquisitions, our business operations and financial position could be adversely affected. • Our strategic transactions may be subject to regulatory approvals and may not be completed as contemplated. • We may be unable to realize the benefits of the Matterport Acquisition or the Domain Acquisition. • If third-party suppliers upon which Matterport relies are not able to fulfill its needs, Matterport's ability to timely and cost effectively bring its hardware products to market could be affected. • Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could result in serious harm to our reputation, business, and financial condition. • Technical problems or disruptions could damage our reputation and lead to reduced demand for our information, analytics, and online marketplace services, lower revenue and increased costs. • The significant costs associated with building our campus in Richmond, Virginia, have impacted and will continue to impact our financial condition and results of operations. • We may not be able to successfully expand geographically, which may negatively impact our business. • We are subject to a number of risks related to acceptance of credit cards and debit cards and facilitation of other customer payments. • Climate related events and other events beyond our control could harm our business. • Attention to corporate responsibility matters may require us to incur additional costs or otherwise adversely impact our business. Risks related to our data, intellectual property and listings • If we are not able to obtain and maintain accurate, comprehensive, or reliable data, we could experience reduced demand for our services. • If we are unable to enforce or defend our ownership and use of intellectual property, our business, brands, competitive position, and operating results could be harmed. • Use of new and evolving technologies, including AI, could impact our ability to protect our data and intellectual property from misappropriation by third parties. • We may be subject to legal liability for collecting, displaying, or distributing information. 16 • Our services could be less attractive and our revenue may decrease if we fail to obtain or retain listings from third parties. • We may not be able to maintain or establish relationships with third-party listing providers, maintain stable data feeds, or to comply with the rules and compliance requirements of MLSs. • Failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to deliver our products or services or subject us to litigation or other action s . Risks related to our international operations • We are expanding our operations outside of the United States, which may subject us to increased business, regulatory, and economic risks that could harm our business. • We are exposed to additional business risks from our international operations, including volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. Risks related to our indebtedness • Our significant indebtedness could decrease our flexibility and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. • A lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating agencies may increase our future borrowing costs, reduce our access to capital, or result in the loss of certain covenant suspensions. Risks related to regulatory compliance and legal matters • Our actual or perceived failure to comply with privacy laws and standards could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. • Changes in tax laws, regulations, or fiscal and tax policies, or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement could adversely impact our financial performance. • Third-party claims, litigation, regulatory proceedings, or government investigations to which we are subject or in which we become involved, regardless of their merit, may significantly increase our expenses and adversely affect our stock price. • We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. • Stock repurchases under our Stock Repurchase Program are discretionary, and we cannot guarantee that our Stock Repurchase Program will achieve the desired objectives. Share repurchases diminish our cash reserves and could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our common stock Risks related to our business We may not be able to attract and retain new clients, which could adversely affect our revenue and financial position. Our success and revenue depend on attracting and retaining subscribers to our information, analytics, and online marketplace services, which generate the largest portion of our revenue. Our renewal rate, net new booking and revenue may not grow, or could decrease, if we cannot attract new customers, continue to keep our cancellation rate low, and continue to sell new services to our existing customers, which may occur as a result of several factors, including, continuing global economic and geopolitical volatility, economic pressures, and the impact of inflation on our costs and on customer spending; the business failure of current clients; customer decisions that they do not need our services or to use alternative services; customers’ and potential customers’ budgetary constraints; consolidation in the real estate and/or financial services industries; data quality; technical problems; competitive pressures; or devaluation of the local currencies of international customers relative to the U.S. dollar which impairs the purchasing power of such customers. We may not be able to successfully develop and introduce new or upgraded online marketplace services, information, and analytics that are attractive to our users and advertisers or successfully combine or shift focus from current services with less demand, which could decrease our revenue and our profitability. Our future business and financial success will depend on our ability to continue to anticipate the needs of customers and potential customers and to successfully introduce new and upgraded services, including services that make our marketplaces useful for users and attractive to advertisers. To be successful, we must be able to quickly adapt to changes in the industry, as well as rapid technological changes, including AI Technologies, by continually enhancing our information, analytics, and online marketplace services. If we fail to introduce new and upgraded services in response to these changes in a timely and cost-efficient manner, or to adequately address the changing needs of our clients, our services could become less competitive or obsolete, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. As a result, we must continually invest resources in research and development, both through internal investments and the acquisition of intellectual property from companies that we have acquired, to improve the appeal and comprehensiveness of our services, and effectively incorporate new technologies, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. 17 Developing new services and upgrades to services, as well as integrating and coordinating current services, imposes heavy burdens on our systems department, product development team, management, and researchers. The processes are costly, and our efforts to develop, integrate, and enhance our services may not be successful. In addition, launching and selling a new or upgraded service puts additional strain on our sales and marketing resources. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining greater market share or in obtaining widespread adoption of new or upgraded services, we may not be able to offset the expenses associated with the development, launch, and marketing of the new or upgraded service, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. For example, we have and will continue to invest significantly in developing our marketplaces and content, and, to generate brand awareness and site traffic, we have and will continue to invest significant resources in multi-channel marketing campaigns for select marketplaces. If these development efforts and marketing campaigns do not increase brand awareness, site traffic, subscriptions for marketplaces services, and/or revenue, the cost of these campaigns could have an adverse effect on our results of operation. In addition, as we integrate acquired businesses, we continue to assess which services we believe will best meet the needs of our customers. If we eliminate or phase out a service and are not able to offer and successfully market and sell an alternative service, our revenue may decrease, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Competition could render our services uncompetitive and reduce our profitability. The markets for information systems and services and for online marketplaces in general are highly competitive and rapidly changing in response to changing consumer behavior and new technological advancements. If we are unable to compete successfully against our existing or future competitors, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected. Our existing or future competitors may have greater name recognition, larger customer bases, better technology or data, lower prices, easier access to data, greater user traffic or greater financial, technical, or marketing resources than we have to provide services that users might view as superior to our offerings. Competition in these markets may increase if economic conditions or other circumstances cause customer bases and customer spending to decrease and service providers to compete for fewer customer resources. Competitors, or future competitors, may introduce different solutions that attract users away from our services, such as AI-powered platforms that provide access to real estate agents, real estate data, and related content without directing users to our marketplaces, or provide solutions similar to ours that have the advantage of better branding or marketing resources. Our competitors may be able to undertake more effective marketing campaigns, obtain more data, adopt more aggressive pricing policies, make more attractive offers to potential employees, subscribers, advertisers, distribution partners, and content providers, or may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies, including the integration of generative AI Technologies in response to changing consumer behavior or user requirements. Moreover, rapid advancement of generative AI Technologies may reduce the barrier to entry for new competitors. Increased competition or failure to adapt effectively to technological shifts could result in lower revenue and higher expenses, which would reduce our profitability. Also, we compete to attract advertisers. To compete successfully for advertisers, we must continue to invest resources in developing our advertising platform and proving the effectiveness and relevance of our advertising services. Pressure from competitors seeking to acquire a greater share of our advertisers’ overall marketing budget could adversely affect our pricing and margins, lower our revenue, and increase our research and development and marketing expenses. Our operating results and revenue are subject to fluctuations, and our quarterly financial results may be subject to market cyclicality, each of which could negatively affect our stock price. The real estate market may be influenced by general economic conditions, economic cycles, changes in interest rates, seasonality, and many other factors, which in turn may impact our financial results. The different sectors of the large and fragmented real estate industry, such as office, industrial, retail, multifamily, single family, and others, are influenced differently by different factors, and have historically moved through economic cycles with different timing. As such, it is difficult to estimate the potential impact of economic cycles and conditions or seasonality from year-to-year on our overall operating results. For example, we generally see higher sales of Apartments.com listing services during the peak summer rental season and higher CoStar sales towards the end of the year; however, sales fluctuate from year-to-year and may fluctuate more widely when there are changes in general economic conditions or the industry. The timing of widely observed holidays and vacation periods, particularly slowdowns during the end-of-year holiday period, and availability of real estate agents and related service providers during these periods, could significantly affect our quarterly operating results during that period. If we are unable to adequately respond to economic, seasonal, or cyclical conditions, our revenue, expenses, and operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our operating results, revenue, and expenses may fluctuate for many reasons, including those described in this paragraph and below: • Rates of subscriber adoption and retention; • Timing of our annual sales conference or significant marketing events; • Changes in our pricing strategy and timing of changes; • The timing and success of new service introductions and enhancements; 18 • The shift of focus from certain services we offer or the phase out of services that overlap or are redundant with other services we offer; • The amount and timing of our expenses and capital expenditures; • The amount and timing of non-cash stock-based charges; • Acquisition-related costs or impairment charges associated with investments and acquisitions; • Competition; • Changes or consolidation in the real estate industry; • Interest rate fluctuations; • Execution of our expansion and integration plans; • The development of our sales force; • Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; • Inflation; and • Changes in client budgets. These fluctuations could negatively affect our results of operations during the period in question and/or future periods or cause our stock price to decline. In addition, changes in accounting policies or practices may affect our level of net income. Fluctuations in our financial results, revenue, and expenses may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Global economic uncertainties and downturns or a downturn or consolidation in the real estate industry may decrease customer demand for our services and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Global economic uncertainties or downturns could adversely affect our business and results of operations, including financial and credit market fluctuations, changes in economic policy, elevated inflation and responsive actions, elevated interest rates, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, trade uncertainty, political unrest, geographical instability, unanticipated disasters or global health events, or other impacts from the macroeconomic environment. Additionally, tariffs, trade barriers and restrictions, and other acts by governments to protect domestic markets or to retaliate against the trade tariffs and restrictions of other nations could negatively affect our business operations. These macroeconomic conditions could cause a decrease in customer spending and negatively affect the rate of growth of our business. The real estate market may be adversely impacted by many different factors, including lower than expected job growth or job losses resulting in reduced real estate demand; reduced real estate demand due to continued remote work policies or a period of or rising elevated interest rates, elevated inflation, slowing transaction volumes, and other macroeconomic trends that negatively impact investment returns; excessive speculation in new construction in localized markets resulting in increased vacancy rates and diminished rent growth; unanticipated disasters or global health events; and other adverse events such as decreased growth in the working age population resulting in reduced demand for all types of real estate. A downturn in the real estate market, including as a result of increased interest rates or a decline in leasing activity and absorption rates may affect our ability to generate revenue and may lead to more cancellations by our current or future customers, either of which could cause our revenue or our revenue growth rate to decline and reduce our profitability. A depressed real estate market has a negative impact on our core customer base, which could decrease demand for our online marketplaces, information, and analytics. Also, companies in this industry may consolidate, often in order to reduce expenses. Consolidation, or other cost-cutting measures by our customers, may lead to cancellations of our online marketplace services, information, and analytics by our customers, reduce the number of our existing clients, reduce the size of our target market, or increase our clients’ bargaining power, all of which could cause our revenue to decline and reduce our profitability. If cancellations, reductions of services, and failures to pay increase, and we are unable to offset the resulting decrease in revenue by increasing sales to new or existing customers, our revenue may decline or grow at lower rates. If we are unable to hire qualified persons for, or retain and continue to develop our sales force, or if our sales force is unproductive, our revenue could be adversely affected. In order to support revenue and revenue growth, we need to continue to develop, train, and retain our sales force. Our ability to build and develop a strong sales force may be affected by a number of factors, including: our ability to attract, integrate, and motivate sales personnel; our ability to effectively train our sales force; the ability of our sales force to sell an increased number and different types of services; our ability to manage effectively an outbound telesales group; the length of time it takes new sales personnel to become productive; the competition we face from other companies in hiring and retaining sales personnel; our ability to effectively structure our sales force; and our ability to effectively manage a multi-location sales organization, including field sales personnel. If we shift our sales force from their specialized positions to tackle a certain product or service with higher priority or long-term potential, our revenue growth from other products or services may decline, and we may experience decreased sales force productivity and increased sales force turnover and incur additional retention or hiring costs related to our sales force. If we are unable to hire qualified sales personnel and develop and retain our sales force, including sales force management, or if our sales force is unproductive, our revenue or growth rate could decline and our expenses could increase. We may face additional challenges in hiring employees in an increasingly competitive job market. 19 Our business depends on retaining and attracting highly capable management and operating personnel . Our success depends in large part on our ability to retain and attract management and operating personnel, including our Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Andrew Florance, and our other officers, and key employees. Our business requires highly skilled technical, sales, management, web product and development, marketing, and research personnel, who are in high demand and are often subject to competing offers. The measures we use to attract and retain key personnel may not be enough to attract and retain the personnel we need or to offset the impact on our business of the loss of the services of Mr. Florance or other key officers or employees. If we were to lose the services of Mr. Florance for any reason, there could be a material adverse impact on our operations. The loss of other key personnel, including members of management, as well as key technology, product development, and marketing personnel, could also disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on our business. Our internal and external investments may place downward pressure on our operating margins. To increase our revenue growth, we continue to invest significantly in our business, including internal investments in product and content development to expand the breadth and depth of services we provide to our customers and external investments in sales and marketing to generate brand awareness and traffic to our websites. Our operating margins may experience downward pressure in the short term as a result of these investments. Furthermore, our investments may not produce the expected results. If we are unable to successfully execute our investment strategy, we may experience decreases in our revenue, or revenue growth rate, and operating margins. Introducing new products may be difficult and expensive. If we are unable to do so successfully, our brands may be adversely affected, and we may not be able to maintain or grow our current revenue and profit levels. To remain competitive and stimulate consumer and business demand, we must successfully manage new product introductions and transitions of products and services. Our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to identify demand trends in our markets, and to quickly develop or acquire, market and sell products and services that satisfy these demands in a cost-effective manner. In order to differentiate our products from our competitors’ products, we must continue to increase our focus and capital investment in research and development and marketing and sales. For example, in February 2024, we launched our Homes.com monetization strategy. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant costs to develop and market Homes.com. If we are unable to attract and retain agent subscribers and consumers, we may not be able to execute our growth plans or recognize a return on the investments we have made into Homes.com. Failure to gain market acceptance for Homes.com or any other new product could impede our ability to maintain or grow current revenue levels or reduce profits for our other brands, adversely affect the image of our brands, erode our competitive position, and result in long-term harm to our business, and financial results. Extrapolations annualizing initial sales results may differ materially from actual results realized in future periods and may not take into account other future market conditions that may negatively affect those results. Additionally, we are in varying stages of development in relation to our products and internal business processes involving AI Technologies, and there can be no assurance that our investments in such technologies will achieve the expected benefits. With respect to our products or services that incorporate AI Technologies, the market for such products and services is rapidly evolving and unproven in many industries, including our own, and important assumptions about the characteristics of targeted markets, pricing, sales cycles, cost, performance, and perceived value associated with our services or products may be inaccurate. Our failure to successfully develop and commercialize our products or services involving AI Technologies could harm our ability to expand our business; provide, improve and diversify our product offerings; continue our operations and efficiently manage our operating expenses; and respond effectively to competitive developments, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We may be unable to increase awareness of our brands, including CoStar, LoopNet, Matterport, BizBuySell, STR, Apartments.com, Homes.com, Land.com, OnTheMarket, and Domain which could adversely affect our business. We rely heavily on our brands, which we believe are key assets of our company. Awareness and differentiation of our brands are important for attracting and expanding the number of users of, and subscribers to, our online marketplaces, such as the LoopNet Network, the Apartments.com Network, the Homes.com, OnTheMarket residential marketplaces, the Land.com Network, and Domain. We continue to invest significantly in sales and marketing as we seek to grow the numbers of users of, subscribers to and advertisers on, our marketplaces. Our methods of advertising may not be successful in increasing brand awareness or, ultimately, be cost-effective. If we are unable to maintain or enhance user and advertiser awareness of our brands, or if we are unable to recover our marketing and advertising costs through increased usage of our services and increased advertising on our websites, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 20 If our websites are not prominently featured in internet search engine results, if internet search engines integrate technologies or adopt ranking methodologies that decrease traffic to our websites, or we are unable to maintain or grow traffic to our marketplaces, our business and operating results could be adversely affected . Our ability to generate revenue from our marketplace business depends, in part, on our ability to attract users to our websites. Google, Bing, DuckDuckGo and other internet search engines drive traffic to our websites, including CoStar.com, the LoopNet Network, the Apartments.com Network, our Homes.com and OnTheMarket residential marketplaces, the Land.com Network, and BizBuySell Network. For example, when a user enters a search query for an apartment building name or address into an internet search engine, the internet search engine’s ranking of our Apartments.com or Homes.com webpages will determine how prominently such webpages are displayed on the search engine results page. Our ability to maintain prominent search result rankings and positioning is not entirely within our control. Our competitors’ SEO and SEM efforts may result in webpages from their websites receiving higher rankings than the webpages from our websites. Internet search engines could revise their algorithms and methodologies in ways that would adversely affect our search result rankings. Internet search engine providers could form partnerships or enter into other business relationships with our competitors resulting in competitors’ sites receiving higher search result rankings. Internet search engines are increasingly placing alternative search features (such as featured snippets, local map results, and other immersive experiences) on the search engine results page above or more prominently than search engine results. If our search result rankings are not prominently displayed, traffic to our websites may decline which could slow the growth of our user base. Our websites have experienced fluctuations in search result rankings in the past, and we anticipate similar fluctuations will occur in the future. In addition, if internet search engines expand their services into digital real estate marketplaces, they could leverage their scale, user base, and technology to compete with our websites. Such competition could reduce traffic to our websites, limit our marketplaces' visibility to customers, and diminish the value of our advertising and subscription products. If we experience a material reduction in the number of users directed to our websites through internet search engines or otherwise fail to maintain or increase traffic to our marketplaces, our ability to acquire additional subscribers or advertisers and deliver leads to and retain existing subscribers and advertisers could be adversely affected. As a result, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Increases in our operating expenses could negatively impact our operating results if we are unable to generate more revenue through increased sales of subscriptions to our marketplace products. Additionally, the methods, including Google Analytics, that we use to measure average monthly unique visitors to our portals may misstate the actual number of unique persons who visit our network of mobile applications and websites for a given month or may differ from the methods used by competitors, which may impact the comparability of unique visitors between companies. For example, starting on July 1, 2024, Universal Analytics (UA), Google’s legacy analytics platform on which we historically relied for calculating monthly average unique visitors, was discontinued by Google. Prior to June 1, 2024, we measured average monthly unique visitors for all CoStar Group sites using Google’s Universal Analytics. Beginning June 1, 2024, average monthly unique visitors are measured using Google Analytics 4 (GA4), the replacement for Universal Analytics. Due to the change in methodologies, unique visitors reported prior to June 1, 2024 may not provide a meaningful comparison to unique visitors in subsequent periods. If real estate professionals or other advertisers reduce or cancel their advertising spending with us and we are unable to attract new advertisers, our operating results would be harmed. Our marketplace businesses, including the LoopNet Network, the Apartments.com Network, the Homes.com, OnTheMarket and Domain residential marketplaces, and the Land.com Network, depend on advertising revenue generated primarily through sales to persons in the real estate industry, including broker, agents, property managers and owners, real estate agents, and other advertisers. Our ability to attract and retain advertisers, and ultimately to generate advertising revenue, depends on a number of factors, including: • Increasing the number of unique visitors to, and users of, our websites and mobile applications; • The quantity and quality of the leads that we provide to our advertisers; • The success of any marketing and product development efforts directed at attracting additional users and advertisers to our marketplaces; • Keeping pace with changes in technology and with our competitors; and • Offering an attractive return on investment to our advertisers for their advertising dollars spent with us. Further, with respect to the Apartments.com Network and LoopNet Network, our ability to attract and retain advertisers also depends on the current apartment rental market and apartment vacancy rates and commercial rental market and vacancy rates, respectively. If vacancy rates are too high or too low, advertisers may not need to utilize our marketplace services. Many of the advertisers who advertise on our marketplaces do not have long-term contracts. These advertisers could choose to modify or discontinue their relationships with us with little or no advance notice. As existing subscriptions for advertising expire, we may not be successful in renewing these subscriptions or securing new subscriptions. We may not succeed in retaining existing advertisers’ spending or capturing a greater share of such spending if we are unable to convince advertisers of the effectiveness of our services as compared to alternatives. In addition, future changes to our pricing methodology for advertising services may cause advertisers to reduce or discontinue their advertising with us. If current 21 advertisers reduce or end their advertising spending with us and we are unable to attract new advertisers, our advertising revenue and business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. If we are not able to successfully identify, finance, integrate, and/or manage costs related to acquisitions, our business operations and financial position could be adversely affected. We have expanded our markets and services in part through acquisitions of complementary businesses, services, databases, and technologies, and expect to continue to do so in the future. Our acquisition strategy depends on our ability to identify, and the availability of, suitable acquisition candidates. We are likely to incur costs in connection with proposed acquisitions, but may ultimately be unable or unwilling to consummate any particular proposed transaction for various reasons. For example, in 2021, the FTC withheld approval for our proposed acquisition of RentPath, the purchase agreement was subsequently terminated, and we incurred a termination fee of $52 million. We are also likely to incur severance costs and other integration costs post acquisition. Costs in connection with acquisitions and integrations may be higher than expected and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, or prospects of the combined business. In addition, acquisitions involve numerous risks, including risks that we will not be able to realize or capitalize on synergies created through combinations; manage the integration of personnel and products or services; manage the integration of acquired infrastructure and controls; control potential increases in operating costs; manage geographically remote operations; maintain management’s attention on other business concerns and avoid potential disruptions in ongoing operations during an acquisition process or integration efforts; successfully enter markets and sectors in which we have either limited or no direct experience, including foreign markets whose practices, regulations, or laws may pose increased risk; and retain key employees, clients, or vendors, and other business partners of the acquired companies. We may not successfully integrate acquired businesses or assets and may not achieve anticipated benefits of an acquisition, including expected synergies. For example, we may be unable to fully integrate OnTheMarket, Visual Lease, Matterport, and Domain with CoStar Group when and as expected. We were previously subject to a consent order agreed to among the FTC staff, CoStar Group, and LoopNet on April 17, 2012 in connection with the LoopNet merger. This consent order expired in August 2022, but if we become subject to similar orders in the future, compliance with such orders could prevent us from closing certain acquisitions or add significant time and cost to such acquisitions, ultimately making an acquisition prohibitive or preventing us from realizing its anticipated benefits. External factors, such as compliance with laws and regulations and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful integration of an acquired business. An acquired business could strain our system of internal controls and diminish its effectiveness. Acquisitions could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt and substantial amortization expenses of other intangible assets. We may be unable to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at all, if necessary to finance future acquisitions, making it impossible or more costly to complete future acquisitions. If we are able to obtain financing, the terms may be onerous and restrict our operations. Further, certain acquisitions may be subject to regulatory approval, which can be time-consuming and costly to obtain or may be denied. If regulatory approval is obtained, the terms of any such approval may impose limitations on our ongoing operations or require us to divest assets or lines of business. If regulatory approval is denied, we may incur significant additional costs payable to an acquisition target as a result of failure to close the transaction. Significant break-up fees incurred in the future may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. As a result of our acquisitions, we had approximately $6.7 billion of goodwill and intangibles as of December 31, 2025. Future acquisitions may increase this amount. If we are required to recognize goodwill and intangibles impairment charges in the future, this would negatively affect our financial results in the periods of such charges, which may reduce our profitability. We may not be able to complete certain strategic transactions if a proposed transaction is subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to applicable laws or regulations. Certain potential acquisitions, divestitures or other business combinations that we may pursue could be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to applicable laws or regulations. In particular, in the U.S., mergers may require certain filings and review by the Department of Justice or the FTC. In recent years, there has been enhanced regulatory scrutiny over certain of these transactions. In the event that we were to make an investment, acquisition, or disposition that was determined to be subject to regulatory review, and such regulatory approval or clearance is not obtained, or the review process is extended beyond the period of time that would permit such strategic transactions to be consummated, we may not be able to consummate such strategic transactions or counterparties may be deterred from pursuing potential strategic transactions with us. This may impair our ability to raise capital when needed and to pursue accretive transactions, which is an important part of our business model, and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. This may also subject us to significant and increased costs, expenses and fees, including, without limitation, legal, accounting, and financial advisory fees, as well as fees and expenses related to potential litigation costs or financing commitments. We may be unable to realize the benefits of the acquisition of either Matterport or Domain, which could have an adverse effect on us. On February 28, 2025, the Company completed the Matterport Acquisition, and on August 27, 2025, the Company 22 completed the Domain Acquisition. Following the acquisition of both companies, we have lost and can continue to lose key employees, incur higher than expected costs, anticipate the diversion of management attention, or the disruption of our ongoing businesses, which may adversely affect the combined company’s ability to maintain relationships with customers, vendors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. We have incurred, and we will continue to incur, transaction fees, including legal, regulatory, and other costs associated with closing the transaction, as well as expenses related to formulating and implementing integration plans, including systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs. We may be unable to offset transaction and integration-related costs with the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the business. The success of the Matterport Acquisition and Domain Acquisition will depend in part on our ability to realize the anticipated business opportunities and growth prospects from combining our business with that of Matterport and Domain. We may never realize these business opportunities and growth prospects in the time frame expected, or at all. We do not have experience in Matterport’s business in 3D digital technology or in manufacturing cameras. Matterport’s business is also subject to risks and uncertainties. There can be no assurances we will have success in these industries. Integrating operations will require significant efforts and expenditures. If we are unable to successfully or timely integrate Matterport’s or Domain's business with ours, we may be unable to realize the growth, synergies, and other anticipated benefits resulting from the acquisition and our business could be adversely affected. If third-party suppliers upon which Matterport relies are not able to fulfill its needs, Matterport’s ability to timely and cost effectively bring its hardware products to market could be affected. Matterport relies on a limited number of suppliers to supply its hardware components for its cameras and other hardware products, including in some cases only a single supplier for some products and components. This reliance on a limited number of manufacturers increases its risks, since Matterport does not currently have proven reliable alternative or replacement manufacturers beyond these key parties. In the event of interruption, we may not be able to increase capacity from other sources or develop alternate or secondary sources, and if such sources become available, they may result in material additional costs and substantial delays. Unexpected changes in business conditions, materials pricing, labor issues, wars, trade policies, natural disasters, health epidemics, trade and shipping disruptions, port congestions, and other factors beyond our or our suppliers’ control could also affect these suppliers’ ability to deliver components to us or to remain solvent and operational. Such disruptions could adversely affect our business if we are not able to meet customer demands. In addition, some of our suppliers are located in China. Our access to suppliers in China may be limited or impaired as a result of tariffs, including those that have been recently introduced by the current U.S. administration, or other government restrictions in response to geopolitical factors. There is no guarantee we may be able to continually use alternative suppliers and alternative parts as we scale production to meet our growth targets. Additionally, if our suppliers do not accurately forecast and effectively allocate production or if they are not willing to allocate sufficient production to us, it may reduce our access to components and require us to search for new suppliers. The unavailability of any component or supplier could result in production delays, idle manufacturing facilities, product design changes, and loss of access to important technology and tools for producing and supporting our products, as well as impact our capacity expansion and our ability to fulfill our obligations under customer contracts. Moreover, new product launches or product design changes by us have required, and may in the future require, us to procure additional components in a short amount of time. Our suppliers may not be willing or able to sustainably meet our timelines or our cost, quality, and volume needs, or to do so may cost us more, which may require us to replace them with other sources. If we face supply constraints for any of the reasons described above, it may not be possible to obtain or increase supplies on acceptable terms, which may undermine our ability to satisfy customer demands in a timely manner. For example, it may take a significant amount of time to identify a manufacturer that has the capability and resources to build and sup
[...TRUNCATED...]