TICKER=CTRA|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CTRA_2026-02-27.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this report. Each of these risk factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock, debt securities, or preferred stock. Risks Related to the Proposed Merger The Merger may not be completed and the Merger Agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms. On February 1, 2026, we entered into the Merger Agreement with Devon to combine via an all-stock merger transaction. The Merger is subject to a number of conditions to the closing, as specified in the Merger Agreement. These closing conditions include, among others, (1) the receipt of the required approvals from Coterra stockholders and Devon stockholders, (2) the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and (3) the absence of any governmental order or law that makes consummation of the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibited. We can provide no assurance that the required stockholder approvals will be obtained or that the required conditions to the closing will be satisfied. These conditions to the completion of the Merger, some of which are beyond our control, may not be satisfied or waived in a timely manner or at all, and, accordingly, the Merger may be delayed or may not be completed at all. Any delay in completing the Merger could cause the combined business not to realize, or to be delayed in realizing, some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve if the Merger is successfully completed within its expected time frame. The termination of the Merger Agreement could negatively impact our business. If the Merger is not completed for any reason, including as a result of a failure to obtain the required approvals from our stockholders or Devon’s stockholders, our ongoing business may be adversely affected and, without realizing any of the expected benefits or having completed the Merger, we would be subject to a number of risks, including the following: • we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on our stock price; • we may experience negative reactions from our customers, distributors, suppliers, vendors, landlords, joint venture participants and other third parties with whom we do business, as well as our employees; • we will be required, in certain terminations, to pay Devon a termination fee of $865 million and up to $40 million as reimbursement for Devon’s reasonable and documented fees and expenses in connection with the Merger; and • we will required to pay our costs relating to the Merger, including financial advisory, legal and accounting fees and expenses, regardless of whether the Merger is completed. The business relationships of Coterra and Devon may be subject to disruption and uncertainty associated with the Merger, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of Coterra or Devon pending and following the Merger. Regardless of whether the Merger is completed, the announcement and pendency of the Merger could cause disruptions to our business and financial results, including as follows: • our and Devon’s current and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined business or the operations of the combined business following the Merger, which might adversely affect the two companies’ abilities to retain key management and other personnel; • uncertainty regarding the completion of the Merger may cause parties with which we or Devon do business, including customers, distributors, suppliers, vendors, landlords, joint venture participants and other third parties, to delay or defer certain business decisions or to decide to seek to terminate, change or renegotiate their relationships with us or Devon; and • the Merger Agreement restricts us from pursuing attractive business opportunities or strategic transactions that may arise prior to completion of the Merger. These disruptions could have a material and adverse effect on the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, Coterra or Devon, regardless of whether the Merger is completed, as well as a material and adverse effect on our ability to realize the expected cost savings and other benefits of the Merger. The risk, and adverse effects, of any disruption could be exacerbated by a delay in completion of the Merger or termination of the Merger Agreement. 21 Table of Contents In addition, we have and will continue to divert significant management resources in an effort to complete the Merger. If the Merger is not completed, we will have incurred significant costs, including the diversion of management resources, for which we will have received little or no benefit. Because the market price of Devon common stock has fluctuated and will continue to fluctuate, our stockholders cannot be sure of the value of the consideration they will receive in the Merger, if completed. If the Merger is completed, each eligible share of the Coterra common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger will automatically be converted into the right to receive 0.70 shares of Devon common stock. The value of the Devon common stock will depend on the market price at the time the Merger is completed. Prior to completion of the Merger, the market price of Devon common stock is also expected to impact the market price of Coterra common stock. The value of Devon common stock has fluctuated since the date of the announcement of the Merger agreement and will continue to fluctuate. Accordingly, our stockholders will not know or be able to determine the market value of the merger consideration that they would receive upon completion of the Merger. Stock price changes may result from a variety of factors, including, among others, general market and economic conditions, changes in Devon’s and our respective businesses, operations and prospects, market assessments of the likelihood that the Merger will be completed and the timing of the Merger and regulatory considerations. Many of these factors and beyond Devon’s and our control. The Merger Agreement subjects us to restrictions on our business activities prior to the effective time of the Merger, limits our ability to pursue alternatives to the Merger and may discourage other companies from making a favorable alternative transaction proposal. The Merger Agreement restricts Coterra and Devon from entering into certain corporate transactions and taking other specified actions without the consent of the other party, and generally requires each party to continue its operations in the ordinary course, until completion of the Merger. These restrictions could be in place for an extended period of time if completion of the Merger is delayed and could prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the Merger. The Merger Agreement also contains provisions that may discourage a third party from submitting a competing proposal that might result in greater value to our stockholders than the Merger, or may result in a potential acquirer of Devon, or a potential competing acquirer of Coterra, proposing to pay a lower per share price to acquire Devon than it might otherwise have proposed to pay. These provisions include a general prohibition on us from soliciting or, subject to certain exceptions relating to the exercise of fiduciary duties by our Board of Directors, entering into discussions with any third party regarding any competing proposal or offer for a competing transaction. Further, even if our Board of Directors withholds, withdraws, qualifies or modifies its recommendation with respect to the Merger-related proposals to be voted on by our stockholders, unless the Merger Agreement has been terminated in accordance with its terms, we will still be required to submit such proposals to a vote of our stockholders. The Merger may be completed even though material adverse changes subsequent to the announcement of the Merger, such as industry-wide changes or other events, may occur. In general, either party to the Merger can refuse to complete the transaction if there is a material adverse change affecting the other party. However, some types of changes do not permit either party to refuse to complete the transaction, even if such changes would have a material adverse effect on either of the parties. For example, a worsening of a party’s financial condition or results of operations due to a decrease in commodity prices or general economic conditions would not give the other party the right to refuse to complete the transaction. In addition, the parties have the ability, but are under no obligation, to waive any material adverse change that results in the failure of a closing condition and instead proceed with completing the transaction, the share price, business and financial results of the combined company may suffer. The failure to integrate the businesses and operations of Devon and Coterra successfully in the expected time frame may adversely affect the combined business’ future results. The Merger involves the combination of two companies which currently operate, and until the completion of the Merger will continue to operate, as independent public companies. We can provide no assurances that our business and Devon’s business can be integrated successfully. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key Coterra employees or key Devon employees, the loss of customers, service providers, vendors or other business counterparties, the disruption of either company’s or both companies’ ongoing businesses, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses or delays associated with and following completion of the Merger or higher-than-expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. 22 Table of Contents Furthermore, the Board of Directors and executive leadership of the combined company immediately following the Merger will consist of directors and executive officers from each of Devon and Coterra. Combining the boards of directors and management teams of each company into a single board and a single management team could require the reconciliation of differing priorities and philosophies. The combined business may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the Merger . The success of the Merger will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining our business with Devon’s business and operational synergies. The anticipated benefits and cost savings of the Merger may not be realized fully or at all, may take longer to realize than expected, may not be realized or could have other adverse effects that we do not currently foresee. Some of the assumptions that we have made, such as the achievement of the anticipated benefits related to the combination of assets in certain basins and the expected size, scale, inventory, cash flow generation and financial strength of the combined business, may not be realized. The integration process may result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. In addition, there could be potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses associated with the Merger that could adversely impact the combined business. The declaration, payment and amounts of dividends, if any, distributed to our stockholders following competition of the Merger will be uncertain. Although each of Devon and Coterra has paid cash dividends on its respective shares of common stock in the past, our Board of Directors and the Board of Directors of the combined company may determine not to declare dividends in the future or may reduce the amount of dividends paid in the future. Decisions on whether, when and in which amounts to declare and pay any future dividends will remain in the discretion of the full Board of Directors of the combined company. Any dividend payment amounts will be determined by the Board of Directors on a quarterly basis, and it is possible that the Board of Directors may increase or decrease the amount of dividends paid in the future, or determine not to declare dividends in the future, at any time and for any reason. We expect that any such decisions will depend on the combined business’s financial condition, results of operations, cash balances, cash requirements, future prospects, the outlook for commodity prices and other considerations that the Board of Directors deems relevant, including, but not limited to: • whether the combined company has enough cash to pay such dividends due to its cash requirements, capital spending plans, cash flows or financial position; • its desire to maintain or improve the credit ratings on its debt; and • applicable restrictions under Delaware law. Stockholders should be aware that they have no contractual or other legal right to dividends that have not been declared. Potential litigation against us or Devon could result in substantial costs, an injunction preventing the completion of the Merger and/or a judgment resulting in the payment of damages. Securities class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits are often brought against public companies that have entered into merger agreements. Even if such a lawsuit is unsuccessful, defending against these claims an result in substantial costs. Stockholders may file lawsuits against Devon, us and/or the directors and officers of either company in connection with the Merger. These lawsuits could prevent or delay the completion of the Merger and result in significant costs to us or Devon, including any costs associated with the indemnification of directors and officers. There can be no assurance that any of the defendants will be successful in the outcome of any potential lawsuits. We will incur significant transaction and Merger-related costs in connection with the Merger. We expect to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with the Merger. The significant, non-recurring costs associated with the Merger include, among others, fees and expenses of financial advisors and other advisors and representatives and certain employment-related costs relating to our employees. Some of these costs have already been incurred or may be incurred regardless of whether the Merger is completed. 23 Table of Contents Business and Operational Risks Commodity prices fluctuate widely, and low prices for an extended period would likely have a material adverse impact on our business. Our revenues, operating results, financial condition and ability to borrow funds or obtain additional capital depend substantially on prices we receive for the oil, natural gas and NGLs that we sell. Lower commodity prices may reduce the amount of oil, natural gas and NGLs that we can produce economically. Historically, commodity prices have been volatile, with prices fluctuating widely, and they are likely to continue to be volatile. Wide fluctuations in commodity prices may result from relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for oil, natural gas and NGLs, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control, including global events or conditions that affect supply and demand (such as pandemics, the war in Ukraine, conflict in the Middle East and other geopolitical risks and sanctions), the actions of OPEC+ members and climate change and potential legislative and regulatory actions related thereto. In addition, the price for natural gas and NGLs that we sell may be impacted by the demand for liquid natural gas (“LNG”) exports and the impact of such demand on domestic natural gas prices, including if future U.S. regulatory action limits the construction of new LNG facilities or limits the approvals of applications for LNG export authorization. Any substantial or extended decline in future commodity prices would have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or ability to finance planned capital expenditures and commitments. If commodity prices decline significantly for a sustained period of time, the lower prices may cause us to reduce our planned drilling program or adversely affect our ability to make planned expenditures, raise additional capital or meet our financial obligations. Furthermore, substantial, extended decreases in commodity prices may render certain projects uneconomic, which may result in significant downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves and could negatively impact our ability to borrow, our cost of capital and our ability to access capital markets, increase our costs under our revolving credit agreement and limit our ability to execute aspects of our business plans. Future commodity price declines may result in write-downs of the carrying amount of our oil and gas properties, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. The value of our oil and gas properties depends on commodity prices. Declines in these prices as well as increases in development costs, changes in well performance, delays in asset development or deterioration of drilling results may result in our having to make material downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves and could result in an impairment charge and a corresponding write-down of the carrying amount of our oil and gas properties. We evaluate our oil and gas properties for impairment on a field-by-field basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate a property’s carrying amount may not be recoverable. We compare expected undiscounted future cash flows to the net book value of the asset. If the future undiscounted expected cash flows, based on our estimate of future commodity prices, operating costs and anticipated production from proved reserves and risk-adjusted probable and possible reserves, are lower than the net book value of the asset, the capitalized cost is reduced to fair value. Commodity pricing is estimated by using a combination of assumptions management uses in its budgeting and forecasting process as well as historical and current prices adjusted for geographical location and quality differentials, as well as other factors that management believes will impact realizable prices. In the event that commodity prices decline, there could be a significant revision to the carrying amounts of oil and gas properties in the future. Drilling, completing and operating oil and natural gas wells are high-risk activities. Our growth is materially dependent upon the success of our drilling program. Drilling for oil and natural gas involves numerous risks, including the risk that no commercially productive reservoirs will be encountered. The cost of drilling, completing and operating wells is substantial and uncertain, and drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of a variety of factors beyond our control, including the risk of electric grid outages and the potential impacts thereof on our electric fracturing systems. Our future drilling activities may not be successful and, if unsuccessful, such failure will have an adverse effect on our future results of operations and financial condition. Our operations present hazards and risks that require significant oversight and are subject to numerous possible disruptions from unexpected events. The scope and nature of our operations present a variety of significant hazards and risks, including operational hazards and risks such as explosions, fires, product spills, and cybersecurity incidents, such as unauthorized access to data or systems, among other risks. Our operations are also subject to broader global events and conditions, including public health crises, pandemics, epidemics, war or civil unrest, acts of terror, weather events and natural disasters, including those that are related to or exacerbated by climate change. Such hazards and risks could impact our business in the areas in which we operate, and our business and operations may be disrupted if we fail to respond in an appropriate manner to such hazards and risks or if we are 24 Table of Contents unable to efficiently restore or replace affected operational components and capacity. Furthermore, our insurance may not cover such liabilities, or be adequate to compensate us for all resulting losses. The cost of insurance may increase, and the availability of insurance may decrease, as a result of climate change or other factors. The occurrence of any event not covered or fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Our proved reserves are estimates. Any material inaccuracies in our reserves estimates or underlying assumptions could cause the quantities and net present value of our reserves to be overstated or understated. Reserves engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner. The process of estimating quantities of proved reserves is complex and inherently imprecise, and the reserves data included in this document are only estimates. The process relies on interpretations of available geologic, geophysical, engineering and production data. The extent, quality and reliability of this technical data can vary. The process also requires certain economic assumptions, some of which are mandated by the SEC, such as assumptions relating to commodity prices. Additional assumptions include drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures, taxes and availability of funds. Furthermore, different reserve engineers may make different estimates of reserves and cash flows based on the same data. For more information on such revision, refer to the Supplemental Oil and Gas Information included in Item 8. Results of drilling, testing and production subsequent to the date of a reserves estimate may justify revising the original estimate. Accordingly, initial reserves estimates often vary from the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered, and such variances may be material. Any significant variance could reduce the estimated quantities and present value of our reserves. You should not assume that the present value of future net cash flows from our proved reserves is the current market value of our estimated reserves. In accordance with SEC requirements, we base the estimated discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves on the 12-month average index price for the respective commodity, calculated as the unweighted arithmetic average for the first day of the month price for each month and costs in effect on the date of the estimate, holding the prices and costs constant throughout the life of the properties, unless prices are defined by contractual arrangements, excluding escalations based upon future conditions. Actual future prices and costs may differ materially from those used in the net present value estimate, and future net present value estimates using then current prices and costs may be significantly less than the current estimate. In addition, the 10 percent discount factor we use when calculating discounted future net cash flows for reporting requirements in compliance with the applicable accounting standards may not be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time-to-time and risks associated with us or the oil and gas industry in general. Our future performance depends on our ability to find or acquire additional oil and natural gas reserves that are economically recoverable. Unless we successfully replace the reserves that we produce, our reserves will decline as reserves are depleted, eventually resulting in a decrease in oil and natural gas production and lower revenues and cash flow from operations. Our future production is, therefore, highly dependent on our level of success in finding or acquiring additional reserves. We may not be able to replace reserves through our exploration, development and exploitation activities or by acquiring properties at acceptable costs. Additionally, there is no way to predict in advance of any exploration and development whether any particular location will yield sufficient quantities to recover drilling or completion costs or be economically viable. Low commodity prices may further limit the kinds of reserves that we can develop and produce economically. If we are unable to replace our current and future production, our revenues will decrease and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. The development of our proved undeveloped reserves may take longer and may require higher levels of capital expenditures than we currently anticipate. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 17 percent of our estimated proved reserves (by volume) were undeveloped. Developing PUD reserves requires significant capital expenditures, the estimated future development costs associated with our PUD reserves may not equal our actual costs, development may not occur as scheduled and results of our development activities may not be as estimated. If we choose not to develop our PUD reserves, or if we are not otherwise able to develop them successfully, we will be required to remove them from our reported proved reserves. In addition, under the SEC’s reserves reporting rules, because PUD reserves generally may be recorded only if they relate to wells scheduled to be drilled within five years of the date of booking, we may be required to remove any PUD reserves that are no longer planned to be developed within this five-year time frame. Delays in the development of our PUD reserves, decreases in commodity prices and increases in costs to drill and develop such reserves may also result in some projects becoming uneconomic. 25 Table of Contents Strategic determinations, including the allocation of capital and other resources to strategic opportunities, are challenging, and our failure to appropriately allocate capital and resources among our strategic opportunities may adversely affect our financial condition and reduce our growth rate. Our future growth prospects depend on our ability to identify optimal strategies for our business. In developing our business plans, we considered allocating capital and other resources to various aspects of our business including well-development (primarily drilling and completion), reserve acquisitions, exploratory activity, corporate items and other alternatives. We also consider our likely sources of capital. Notwithstanding the determinations made in the development of our 2026 plan, business opportunities not previously identified periodically may come to our attention, including possible acquisitions and dispositions. If we fail to identify optimal business strategies or fail to optimize our capital investment and capital raising opportunities and the use of our other resources in furtherance of our business strategies, our financial condition and growth rate may be adversely affected. Moreover, economic or other circumstances may change from those contemplated by our 2026 plan, and our failure to recognize or respond to those changes may limit our ability to achieve our objectives. Our ability to sell our oil, natural gas and NGL production and the prices we receive for our production could be materially harmed if we fail to obtain adequate services such as gathering, transportation and processing. The sale of our oil, natural gas and NGL production depends on a number of factors beyond our control, including the availability and capacity of gathering, transportation and processing facilities. We deliver the majority of our oil, natural gas and NGL production through gathering systems and pipelines that we do not own. The lack of available capacity on these systems and facilities could reduce the price offered for our production or result in the shut-in of producing wells or the delay or discontinuance of development plans for properties. Third-party systems and facilities may be unavailable due to market conditions or mechanical or other reasons, and in some cases the resulting curtailments of production could lead to payment being required where we fail to deliver oil, natural gas and NGLs to meet minimum volume commitments. In addition, construction of new pipelines and building of required infrastructure may be slow. To the extent these services are unavailable, we would be unable to realize revenue from wells served by such facilities until suitable arrangements are made to market our production. Our failure to obtain these services on acceptable terms could materially harm our business. Moreover, these availability and capacity issues are likely to occur in remote areas with less established infrastructure, such as our Permian Basin properties where we have significant oil and natural gas production. Such availability and capacity issues may result in increased basis differentials, which became more divergent beginning in 2024 in part due to constrained pipeline capacity and oversupply in certain geographic areas. At times, such basis differentials have been significant enough to result in negative spot market pricing in certain areas, such as the Waha Hub in the Permian Basin during 2024, 2025, and early 2026. Any of these availability or capacity issues could negatively affect our operations, revenues and expenses. This could result in wells being shut in or awaiting a pipeline connection or capacity, which would adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. Acquired properties may not be worth what we pay to acquire them, due to uncertainties in evaluating recoverable reserves and other expected benefits, as well as potential liabilities. Successful property acquisitions require an assessment of a number of factors beyond our control. These factors include estimates of recoverable reserves, exploration and development potential, future commodity prices, operating costs, production taxes and potential environmental and other liabilities. These assessments are complex and inherently imprecise. Our review of the properties we acquire may not reveal all existing or potential problems. In addition, our review may not allow us to assess fully the potential deficiencies of the properties. We do not inspect every well, and even when we inspect a well, we may not discover structural, subsurface or environmental problems that may exist or arise. There may be threatened or contemplated claims against the assets or businesses we acquire related to environmental, title, regulatory, tax, contract, litigation or other matters of which we are unaware, which could materially and adversely affect our production, revenues and results of operations. We often assume certain liabilities, and we may not be entitled to contractual indemnification for pre-closing liabilities, including environmental liabilities, and our contractual indemnification may not be effective. At times, we acquire interests in properties on an “as is” basis with limited representations and warranties and limited remedies for breaches of such representations and warranties. In addition, significant acquisitions can change the nature of our operations and business if the acquired properties have substantially different operating and geological characteristics or are in different geographic locations than our existing properties. 26 Table of Contents The integration of the businesses and properties we have acquired or may in the future acquire could be difficult and may divert management’s attention away from our existing operations. The integration of the businesses and properties we have acquired or may in the future acquire could be difficult, and may divert management’s attention and financial resources away from our existing operations. These difficulties include: • the challenge of integrating the acquired businesses and properties while carrying on the ongoing operations of our business; • the inability to retain key employees of the acquired business; • the challenge of inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies of the acquired business; • potential unknown liabilities, unforeseen expenses or higher-than-expected integration costs; • an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated; • potential lack of operating experience in a geographic market of the acquired properties; and • the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying our expectations. If management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, or if any significant business activities are interrupted as a result of the integration process, our business could suffer. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage our expanded business, which may pose substantial challenges for management. We may also face increased scrutiny from governmental authorities as a result of the increase in the size of our business. There can be no assurances that we will be successful in our integration efforts. We have limited control over the activities on properties we do not operate. Other companies operate some of the properties in which we have an interest. As of December 31, 2025, non-operated wells represented approximately 49 percent of our total owned gross wells, or 11 percent of our owned net wells. We have limited ability to influence or control the operation or future development of these non-operated properties and of properties we operate in joint ventures in which we may share control with third parties, including compliance with environmental, safety and other regulations or the amount of capital expenditures that we are required to fund with respect to them. An operator of our wells or a joint venture participant may not adequately perform operations, may breach applicable agreements or may fail to act in ways that are in our best interest, which could reduce our production and revenues and expose us to liabilities. Our dependence on the operator or a joint venture participant could materially adversely affect the realization of our targeted returns on capital in drilling or acquisition activities and lead to unexpected future costs. Many of our properties are in areas that may have been partially depleted or drained by offset (i.e., neighboring) wells and certain of our wells may be adversely affected by actions other operators may take when drilling, completing or operating wells that they own. Many of our properties are in areas that may have been partially depleted or drained by earlier drilled offset wells. We have no control over offsetting operators who could take actions such as drilling and completing nearby wells, that could adversely affect our operations. When a new offset well is completed and produced, the pressure differential in the vicinity of the wellbore causes the migration of reservoir fluids toward the new wellbore (and potentially away from existing wellbores), which could cause a depletion of our proved reserves and may inhibit our ability to further develop our proved reserves. The possibility for these impacts may increase with respect to wells that are shut in as a response to lower commodity prices or the lack of pipeline and storage capacity. In addition, completion operations and other activities conducted on other nearby wells could cause us, in order to protect our existing wells, to shut in production for indefinite periods of time. Shutting in our wells and damage to our wells from offset completions could result in increased costs and could adversely affect the reserves and re-commenced production from such shut-in wells. We may lose leases if production is not established within the time periods specified in the leases or if we do not maintain production in paying quantities. We could lose leases under certain circumstances if we do not maintain production in paying quantities or meet other lease requirements, and the amounts we spent for those leases could be lost. If we shut in wells in response to lower commodity prices or a lack of pipeline and storage capacity, we may face claims that we are not complying with lease provisions. In addition, the government also may impose new restrictions and regulations affecting our ability to drill, conduct hydraulic fracturing operations, and obtain necessary rights-of-way on federal lands, which could, in turn, result in the loss of federal 27 Table of Contents leases. As of December 31, 2025, less than one percent of our net undeveloped acreage in our core operating areas will expire over the next three years. Our actual drilling activities may materially differ from those presently identified, which could adversely affect our business. Oil and natural gas production operations, especially those using hydraulic fracturing, are substantially dependent upon the availability of water and the ability to dispose of produced water gathered from drilling and production activities. Restrictions on the Company’s ability to obtain water or dispose of produced water may have a material effect on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Water is an essential component of oil and natural gas production during the drilling and hydraulic fracturing processes. In particular, we use a significant amount of water in the hydraulic fracturing process. Limitations or restrictions on the Company’s ability to secure sufficient amounts of water (including limitations resulting from natural causes such as drought) could have a material impact on our operations. Severe drought conditions can result in local water districts taking steps to restrict the use of water in their jurisdiction for drilling and hydraulic fracturing in order to protect the local water supply. If the Company is unable to obtain water to use in its operations from local sources, it may need to be obtained from new sources and transported to drilling sites, resulting in increased costs, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our inability to locate sufficient amounts of water, or dispose of or recycle water used in our exploration, development and production activities, could adversely impact our operations. Compliance with environmental regulations and permit requirements governing the withdrawal, storage and use of surface water or groundwater necessary for hydraulic fracturing of wells may increase our operating costs and cause delays, interruptions or termination of our operations. Such delays, interruptions or termination of our operations could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. In addition, the Company must dispose of the fluids produced from oil and gas production operations, including produced water, which it does directly or through the use of third-party vendors. The legal requirements related to the disposal of produced water into a non-producing geologic formation by means of underground injection wells are subject to change based on concerns of the public or governmental authorities regarding such disposal activities. More stringent regulations or legal directives, as well as potential litigation or other developments, related to such disposal activities could materially impact our ability to dispose of produced water, which could adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. For additional information, please read “Business and Properties—Other Business Matters—Environmental and Safety Regulations—Clean Water Act” in Items 1 and 2. Cyber-attacks targeting our systems, the oil and gas industry systems and infrastructure or the systems of our third-party service providers could adversely affect our business. Our business, like the oil and gas industry in general, has become increasingly dependent on data, information systems, and digitally connected infrastructure, including technologies managed by third-party providers on whom we rely on to help us collect, host or process information. We depend on this technology to, for example, record and store information like financial data, estimate quantities of oil and natural gas reserves, analyze and share operating data, and communicate internally and externally. Information and operational technology systems control nearly all of the oil and gas distribution systems in the U.S., which are necessary to transport our products to market. These systems also enable communications and provide a host of other support services for our business. In recent years we have increased the use of remote networking and online conferencing services and technologies that enable employees to work outside of our corporate infrastructure, which exposes us to additional cybersecurity risks, including unauthorized access to proprietary, confidential, or other sensitive information. We have experienced cyber incidents in the past and, although none have been material, we may experience cybersecurity incidents and security breaches in the future. Cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated and can include, but are not limited to, the use of malicious software, phishing scams, ransomware, attempts to gain unauthorized access to systems or data, or other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, such as personal information of our employees, and corruption of data. In addition, cybersecurity risk is exacerbated with the advancement of technologies like artificial intelligence, which malicious third parties are using to create new, more sophisticated and more frequent attacks. Unauthorized access to our seismic data, reserves information, customer or employee data or other proprietary or commercially sensitive information could lead to data integrity issues, communication interruption or other disruptions in our exploration or production operations or planned business transactions, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business and operations. If our information or operational technology systems cease to function properly or are breached, we could suffer disruptions to our normal operations, which may include drilling, completion, production and corporate functions. A successful cyber-attack involving our information or operational technology systems and related infrastructure, or that of our business associates or partners, 28 Table of Contents could result in supply chain disruptions that delay or prevent the transportation and marketing of our production, equipment damage, fires, explosions or environmental releases, non-compliance leading to regulatory fines or penalties, loss or disclosure of, or damage to, our or any of our customer’s or supplier’s data or confidential information that could harm our business by damaging our reputation, subjecting us to potential financial or legal liability and requiring us to incur significant costs, including costs to repair or restore our systems and data or to take other remedial steps. In addition, certain cyber incidents, such as reconnaissance campaigns, may remain undetected for an extended period, and our systems and insurance coverage for protecting against such cybersecurity risks may be costly and may not be sufficient. As cyber-attackers become more sophisticated, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to protect our business or remediate the damage from cyber-attacks. Furthermore, the continuing and evolving threat of cyber-attacks has resulted in increased regulatory focus on prevention, mitigation, and notification, and we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. To the extent we face increased regulatory requirements, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to meet such requirements. Risks Related to our Indebtedness, Hedging Activities and Financial Position We have substantial capital expenditure requirements, and we may not be able to obtain needed financing on satisfactory terms, if at all. We make and expect to make substantial capital expenditures in connection with our development and production projects. We intend to fund our capital expenditures th
[...TRUNCATED...]