TICKER=CTSH|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CTSH_2026-02-12.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including “ Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, and the other documents and materials we file with the SEC, as well as news releases and other information we publicly disseminate from time to time. The disclosure below reflects our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events, or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. References to past events are provided as examples only and are not intended to be a complete list or representation as to whether or not the other risks described below have occurred in the past. The risks described below are not the only risks or uncertainties we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not previously known to us, or that we currently see as immaterial, may also adversely affect us. The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently believe to be immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, prospects, or results of operations. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your original investment. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below. Additionally, macroeconomic and geopolitical developments may amplify many of the risks discussed below to which we are subject. The extent of the impact of macroeconomic and geopolitical developments on our financial and operating performance depends significantly on the duration and severity of such macroeconomic and geopolitical developments, the actions taken to contain or mitigate their impact and any changes in client behaviors as a result thereof. Risks Related to our Business and Operations Our results of operations could be adversely affected by macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions globally and in particular in the markets in which our clients and operations are concentrated. Global macroeconomic conditions have a significant effect on our business as well as the businesses of our clients. Volatile, negative or uncertain economic and geopolitical conditions, including as a result of recession or slowing economic growth, inflation, higher interest rates, tightening of credit markets and changes in trade policy (including trade disputes, the threat or imposition of tariffs or other trade restrictions and related retaliatory actions), have in the past and could in the future cause our clients to reduce, postpone or cancel spending on new or existing projects with us, negatively affecting our business and making it more difficult for us to accurately forecast client demand and have available the right resources to profitably address such client demand. For example, in the recent past some of our clients continued to reduce their discretionary spending in response to economic and geopolitical uncertainty, which negatively impacted our revenues. Clients may reduce demand for services quickly and with little warning, which may cause us to incur extra costs where we have employed more personnel than client demand supports. Further, our business depends on our ability to obtain payment from our clients of the amounts they owe us for the work we perform. Macroeconomic or geopolitical conditions, including recessionary or inflationary pressures, trade disputes or other challenges could result in financial difficulties for our clients that have in the past and could in the future cause clients to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements or default on their payment obligations to us. Our business is particularly susceptible to economic and political conditions in the markets where our clients or operations are concentrated. Our revenues are highly dependent on clients located in the United States and Europe, and any adverse economic, geopolitical or legal uncertainties or adverse developments, including due to the uncertainty related to the economic environment and inflation, natural or man-made disasters and extreme weather, geopolitical events and conflicts, labor or trade disputes or similar events, may cause clients in these geographies to reduce their spending and materially adversely impact our business. Many of our clients are in the financial services and healthcare industries, so any decrease in growth or significant consolidation in these industries or regulatory policies that restrict these industries may reduce demand for our services. Economic and political developments in India, where a significant majority of our operations and technical personnel are located, or in other countries where we maintain delivery operations, may also have a significant impact on our business and costs of operations. As a developing country, India has experienced and may continue to experience high inflation and wage growth, fluctuations in gross domestic product growth and volatility in currency exchange rates, any of which could materially adversely affect our cost of operations. Additionally, we benefit from governmental policies in countries that encourage foreign investment and promote the ease of doing business, such as tax incentives, and any change in policy or circumstances that Cognizant 14 December 31, 2025 Form 10-K Table of Contents results in the elimination of such benefits or degradation of the rule of law, or imposition of new adverse restrictions or costs on our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We face intense and evolving competition and our service offerings must keep pace with significant technological advances in the rapidly changing markets we compete in. The markets we serve and operate in are highly competitive, subject to rapid change and characterized by a large number of participants, as described in “ Part I, Item 1. Business-Competition .” We compete on the basis of reputation and experience, strategic advisory capabilities, digital and AI capabilities, performance and reliability, responsiveness to customer needs, financial stability, corporate governance and competitive pricing of services. The less we are able to differentiate our services and solutions and/or clearly convey the value of our services and solutions, the more difficulty we have in winning new work in sufficient volumes and at our target pricing and overall economics. In addition to large, global competitors, we face competition in many geographic markets from numerous smaller, local competitors that may have more experience with operations in these markets, have well-established relationships with our desired clients, or be able to provide services and solutions at lower costs or on terms more attractive to clients than we can. Additionally, we face competition from clients' in-house technology resources, such as GCCs, which may provide a lower cost alternative to our services. Consolidation activity may also result in new competitors with greater scale, a broader footprint or vertical integration that makes them more attractive to clients as a single provider of integrated products and services. In addition, concurrent use by many clients of multiple professional service providers means that we are required to be continually competitive on the quality, scope and pricing of our offerings or face a reduction or elimination of our business. Competitors may also be willing, at times, to take on more risk or price contracts lower than us in an effort to enter the market or increase market share. If we are not able to supply clients with services that they deem superior and successfully apply current business models with market level pricing while managing discounts, we may lose business to competitors and face downward pressure on gross margins and profitability. Any inability to compete effectively would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our relationships with our third-party alliance partners, who supply us with technology, including platforms and software, are also critical to our ability to provide many of our services and solutions that address client demands or requirements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain such relationships or that such technology will be available on the expected timelines or for the anticipated prices. Among other things, such alliance partners may in the future decide to compete with us, form exclusive or more favorable arrangements with our competitors or otherwise reduce our access to their technology, thereby impairing our ability to provide the services and solutions dependent on such technology demanded or required by clients. In addition, some of our third-party alliance partners are also our clients or suppliers of technology for our internal operations. Any performance failure on the part of our alliance partners, or the discontinuance by such alliance partners of technology that we have relied on them to provide for our clients or ourselves, could delay or prevent our performance unless we engage alternative third parties to provide the equivalent technology at our cost or provide the equivalent technology ourselves, any of which could deprive us of potential revenue or adversely impact our profitability. In addition, our third-party alliance partners may also experience reduced demand for their technology, including as a result of changes in technology, which could reduce demand for our services and solutions. Our competitiveness also depends on our ability to continue to develop and implement services and solutions that anticipate and respond to rapid and continuing changes in technology to serve the evolving needs of our clients. Examples include digital-, cloud- and security-related offerings, AI, augmented reality, automation, blockchain, IoT, quantum and edge computing, digital engineering and manufacturing and as-a-service solutions, among others, which are continually evolving. If we do not sufficiently invest in new technologies, successfully adapt to industry developments and changing demand, develop new tools and platforms that meet our clients' productivity expectations and evolve and expand our business at sufficient speed and scale to keep pace with the demands of the markets we serve, we may be unable to develop and maintain a competitive advantage and execute on our growth strategy, which would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Some of these technological changes have reduced or replaced the demand for some of our historical services and solutions and will continue to do so in the future. In addition, our clients may delay spending under existing contracts and engagements or delay entering into new contracts while evaluating new technologies. Such reductions, replacements and delays can negatively impact our results of operations if we are unable to adapt our pricing or the pace and level of spending on new technologies is not sufficient to make up any shortfall. Further, as we expand into these areas, we may be exposed to operational, legal, regulatory, ethical, technological and other risks specific to such new areas, which may negatively affect our reputation and demand for our services and solutions. Our use of AI technologies may not be successful and may present business, financial, legal and reputational risks. We expect the proliferation of AI will have a significant impact on our industry, and we believe our ability to compete in this space will be critical to our financial performance. We increasingly use AI-based technologies, including GenAI, in our client offerings and our own internal operations. We have incurred and plan to continue to incur significant development and Cognizant 15 December 31, 2025 Form 10-K Table of Contents operational costs to build and support our AI capabilities, including costs to ensure ongoing compliance with the complex and rapidly evolving legal landscape around AI and automation. If we fail to develop and implement AI solutions that meet our internal and client needs, if we are unable to offer or bring AI-enabled solutions to market as effectively or with the same speed as our competitors, or if our clients do not accept new pricing models that reflect the value of our AI-enabled solutions, we may fail to recoup our investments in AI and our financial performance, competitive position, business and reputation may be adversely impacted. AI technology and services are part of a highly competitive and rapidly evolving market. We face significant competition from our traditional competitors as well as other third parties, including those that are new to the market, and our clients may develop their own AI-related capabilities. Some services that we historically performed for our clients have been and will continue to be replaced by AI or other forms of automation, including our own AI-enabled client offerings. Each of the foregoing may lead to reduced demand for our services or harm our ability to obtain favorable pricing or other terms for our services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. AI technology and services require access to high-quality datasets, models (including foundation models), and other AI system components. We currently rely, in part, on third parties to provide these components. In the future, we may face difficulties acquiring the necessary rights from third parties due to market competition, pricing changes, licensing restrictions and other factors. This challenge could hinder our ability to develop, implement or maintain AI technologies. To overcome this, we may need to invest in alternative strategies, such as forming partnerships or developing our own resources. In addition, the development, adoption and use of AI technologies continue to evolve rapidly and ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by us, our clients or other third parties may not deliver anticipated efficiencies and could result in unintended consequences. Such consequences may include, for example, operational or compliance risks; reliance on outputs that reflect biased, incomplete or inaccurate information; unauthorized disclosure of sensitive information; operational inefficiencies leading to decreased productivity; deliberate misuse; or infringement of third-party IP rights. Additionally, the use of AI by us or our business partners may create new or exacerbate existing cybersecurity vulnerabilities, including novel risk vectors that may not be immediately identifiable. Ongoing uncertainty around the performance, safety and security of new and emerging AI applications requires continued significant investment in monitoring, validation and implementation of governance processes and controls across the AI lifecycle relating to security, accuracy, bias and other variables to ensure alignment with industry standards and meet customer expectations. These efforts can be complex and resource intensive, could potentially impact our profit margins, may not sufficiently address risks and may cause decreased demand for our services or harm to our business, results of operations, financial condition or reputation. Furthermore, the legal and regulatory landscape surrounding AI technologies is rapidly evolving, uncertain and varies significantly by jurisdiction. Authorities around the world are applying, or considering applying, laws and regulations related to IP, cybersecurity, export controls, privacy, data security and data protection to AI and automated decision-making technologies, as well as adopting AI-specific regulatory frameworks, such as emerging U.S. state AI laws and the EU AI Act which entered into force in 2024 and parts of which began applying in 2025. These laws are subject to ongoing interpretation and implementation and may impose obligations on companies developing and using AI or automated decision-making technologies. Given the pace of regulatory development and the potential for divergent or evolving scope, interpretation and application of these laws and regulations, we may not always be able to anticipate how courts and regulators will apply existing laws to AI or how new AI-specific legal frameworks will be implemented, or otherwise ensure compliance with these frameworks. Regulatory approaches may differ or conflict across jurisdictions, which could require us to expend resources to tailor or limit certain AI-related offerings in specific markets. For example, the EU AI Act may increase costs or impact the operation of our AI services. Compliance with new or changing laws, regulations, industry standards or ethical requirements and expectations relating to AI may impose significant operational costs, require additional investment in governance, documentation and controls, or necessitate changes to our service offerings or business practices, particularly as we expand the use of such technologies. In certain circumstances, these requirements could delay, limit or prevent our ability to develop, deploy or use AI technologies. Failure to effectively navigate and comply with this evolving landscape may result in legal liability, regulatory action, or brand and reputational harm. Although we maintain a responsible AI framework aligned with recognized international standards that includes risk assessment processes, oversight structures and controls across the AI lifecycle, it may not be sufficient to identify, assess, and mitigate all AI-related risks. The effectiveness of our responsible AI framework depends on numerous factors, including the accuracy of risk assessments, the adequacy of implemented controls, and our ability to adapt to rapidly changing AI capabilities and use cases. There can be no assurance that our responsible AI framework will adequately identify, assess and prevent all AI-related risks. Finally, AI technology is subject to heightened public and media scrutiny, including with respect to workplace impacts, privacy and ethical concerns. Negative public perception could adversely affect customer demand and our investments in AI technology, which could in turn adversely affect our business or reputation. Cognizant 16 December 31, 2025 Form 10-K Table of Contents If we are unable to attract, train and retain skilled employees to satisfy client demand, including highly skilled technical personnel and personnel with experience in key AI and digital areas, as well as senior management to lead our business globally, our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Our success is dependent, in large part, on our ability to keep our supply of skilled employees, including project managers, IT engineers and senior technical personnel, in particular those with experience in key AI and digital areas, in balance with client demand and on our ability to attract and retain senior management with the knowledge and skills to lead our business globally. We must hire or upskill, integrate, retain and motivate our large workforce with diverse skills and expertise to serve client demands around the globe, respond quickly to rapid and ongoing technological, industry and macroeconomic developments and grow and manage our business. We also must continue to maintain a senior leadership team that, among other things, is effective in executing on our strategic goals and growing our service capabilities. The loss of senior executives, or the failure to attract, integrate and retain new senior executives as the needs of our business require, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Competition for skilled labor is intense and, in some jurisdictions in which we operate and in key AI and digital areas, there are more open positions than qualified individuals to fill these positions. We compete for employees not only with other companies in our industry but also with companies in other industries, such as software services, engineering services and financial services companies, as well as our clients' GCCs. In addition, changes in immigration laws or policies, or varying applications of immigration laws and policies, have limited the availability of certain work visas in the U.S., which could exacerbate competition for skilled labor. Our business has experienced in the past and may experience in the future employee attrition at levels which could cause us to incur increased costs to hire new employees with the desired skills. We may not be successful in recovering through price increases or other mechanisms any increases we make to compensation, which could adversely affect our profitability and operating margin. Costs associated with recruiting and training employees are significant. If we are unable to hire, retain or deploy employees with the needed skillsets or if we are unable to adequately equip our employees with the skills needed, this could materially adversely affect our business. Many of our contracts with clients are short-term, and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if our clients terminate their contracts on short notice. Consistent with industry practice, many of our contracts with clients are short-term or can be terminated by our clients with short notice and without significant early termination cost. Even if not terminated, clients may be able to delay, reduce or eliminate spending on the services and solutions we provide, choose not to retain us for additional stages of a project, try to renegotiate the terms of a contract or cancel or delay additional planned work. Terminations and such other events may result from factors that are beyond our control and unrelated to our work product or the progress of the project, including the business, financial or labor conditions of a client, changes in ownership, management or the strategy of a client or economic or market conditions generally or specific to a client’s industry. When contracts are terminated or spending delayed, we lose the anticipated revenues and might not be able to eliminate our associated costs in a timely manner. In particular, the loss of a significant client or a few significant clients could materially reduce revenues for the Company as a whole or for a particular business segment. In addition, our operating margins in subsequent periods could be lower than expected. If we are unable to replace the lost revenues with other work on terms we find acceptable or effectively eliminate costs, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Cognizant 17 December 31, 2025 Form 10-K Table of Contents Our failure to meet specified service levels or milestones required by certain of our client contracts may result in our client contracts being less profitable, potential liability for penalties or damages or reputational harm. Many of our client contracts include clauses that tie our compensation to the achievement of agreed-upon performance standards, productivity improvements or milestones. Failure to satisfy any such requirements could significantly reduce our fees under the contracts, increase the cost to us of meeting performance standards or milestones, delay expected payments, subject us to potential damage claims under the contract terms or harm our reputation. Further, our work with governmental clients exposes us to additional risks inherent in the government contracting process, including stricter regulatory requirements and heightened reputational and contractual risks. The use of new technologies in our offerings (including GenAI) can expose us to additional risks if those technologies fail to work as predicted, which could lead to cost overruns, project delays, financial penalties, or damage to our reputation. Clients also often have the right to terminate a contract and pursue damages claims for serious or repeated failure to meet these service commitments. Some of our contracts provide that a portion of our compensation depends on performance measures such as cost-savings, revenue enhancement, benefits produced, business goals attained and adherence to schedule. These goals can be complex and may depend on our clients’ actual levels of business activity or may be based on assumptions that are later determined not to be achievable or accurate. As such, these provisions may increase the variability in revenues and margins earned on those contracts and have in the past resulted, and could in the future result, in significant losses on such contracts. Further, if we do not accurately estimate the effort, anticipated productivity improvements, costs or timing for meeting our contractual commitments or completing engagements to a client's satisfaction, our contracts have in the past and could in the future have delivery inefficiencies and be less profitable than expected or unprofitable. We may not be able to achieve our profitability goals and maintain our capital return strategy. Our goals for profitability and capital return rely upon a number of assumptions, including our ability to improve the efficiency of our operations and make successful investments to grow and further develop our business. Our profitability is impacted by our ability to accurately estimate, attain, and sustain revenues from client engagements, margins and cash flows over contract periods and general macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions. Our profitability also depends on the efficiency with which we run our operations (including our ability to leverage new technologies such as AI to improve productivity) and the cost of our operations, especially the compensation and benefits costs of our employees. We have incurred, and may continue to incur, substantial costs related to implementing our strategy to optimize such costs, and we may not realize the ultimate cost savings that we expect. We may not be able to efficiently utilize our employees if increased regulation, policy changes or administrative burdens of immigration, work visas or client worksite placement prevents us from deploying our employees on a timely basis, or at all, to fulfill the needs of our clients. Our utilization rates are further affected by a number of factors, including our ability to transition employees from completed projects to new assignments, hire and assimilate new employees, forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain an appropriate headcount in each of our geographies and workforce and manage attrition, and our need to devote time and resources to training, professional development and other typically non-chargeable activities. Increases in wages and other costs, including as a result of attrition, may also put pressure on our profitability. With respect to capital return, our ability and decisions to pay dividends and repurchase shares depend on a variety of factors, including the cash flow generated from operations, our cash and investment balances, our net income, our overall liquidity position, potential alternative uses of cash, such as acquisitions, and anticipated future economic conditions and financial results. Failure to carry out our capital return strategy may adversely impact our reputation with shareholders and shareholders’ perception of our business and the trading price of our common stock. We face challenges related to growing our business organically as well as inorganically through acquisitions, and we may not be able to achieve our targeted growth rates or successfully acquire, invest in or integrate businesses. Achievement of our targeted growth rates requires continued significant organic growth of our business as well as inorganic growth through acquisitions. To achieve such growth, we must, among other things, continue to significantly expand our global operations, in particular with respect to AI and digital, and scale our infrastructure to support such business growth and ensure that our service offerings remain responsive to market demand. Continued business growth increases the complexity of our business and places significant strain on our management, employees, operations, systems, delivery, financial resources and internal financial control and reporting functions, which we will have to continue to develop and improve to sustain such growth. Our ability to successfully manage change associated with the various business transformation initiatives is critical for our overall strategy execution. We must continually recruit and train new employees, retain and reskill, as necessary, existing sales, technical, finance, marketing and management employees with the knowledge, skills and experience that our business model requires and effectively manage our employees worldwide to support our culture, values, strategies and goals. Cognizant 18 December 31, 2025 Form 10-K Table of Contents Additionally, we expect to continue pursuing strategic and targeted acquisitions and investments to enhance our offerings of services and solutions or to enable us to expand our talent, experience and capabilities in key AI and digital areas or in particular geographies or industries. We may not be successful in identifying suitable opportunities, completing targeted transactions or achieving the desired results or strategic objectives in the timeframe we expect or at all, such opportunities may divert our management's time and focus away from our core business and realizing the desired results of a particular transaction may depend upon competition, market trends, regulatory developments, additional costs or investments and the actions of suppliers or other third parties. We may face challenges in effectively integrating acquired businesses into our ongoing operations, including the implementation of controls, processes and policies appropriate for a multinational public company at acquired companies that may have previously lacked such functions in areas such as cybersecurity, IT and privacy, among others, and in assimilating and retaining key executives and employees of those businesses into our culture and organizational structure, and these risks may be magnified by the size and number of transactions we execute. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, complete acquisitions of the number, magnitude and nature we have targeted, or successfully integrate any acquired businesses into our operations, we may not be able to achieve our targeted growth rates or improve our market share, profitability or competitive position generally or in specific markets or services. We face legal, reputational and financial risks if we fail to protect client and/or Cognizant data from cybersecurity incidents. In order to provide our services and solutions, we depend on global information technology networks and systems, to process, transmit, host and securely store electronic information (including our confidential information and the confidential information of our clients) and to communicate among our locations around the world and with our clients, suppliers, vendors and alliance partners (including numerous cloud service providers). Security breaches, employee malfeasance, or human or technological error have in the past and could in the future cause shutdowns or disruptions of our, our vendors' or our clients' operations and potential unauthorized access and/or disclosure of our or our clients’ sensitive data, which in turn could jeopardize projects that are critical to our operations or the operations of our clients’ businesses and have other adverse impacts on our business or the business of our clients. In addition, the products, services and software that we provide to our clients, or the third-party components we use to provide such products, services and software, have in the past and may in the future unintentionally contain or introduce cybersecurity threats or vulnerabilities to our clients’ information technology networks. Furthermore, the security measures we implement for our cybersecurity solutions clients may not function as expected or be sufficient to identify or protect against certain cybersecurity attacks. Our clients maintain their own proprietary, sensitive, or confidential information that could be compromised in a cybersecurity incident, or their systems may be disabled or disrupted as a result of such an incident. Our clients, regulators, or other third parties have and may in the future attempt to hold us liable for any such losses or damages resulting from such an incident, including through contractual indemnification clauses. Like other global companies, we and our clients, suppliers, alliance partners (including numerous cloud service providers) and other vendors we interact with face threats to data and systems, including by nation state threat actors, insider threats (including inappropriate access), perpetrators of random or targeted malicious cyberattacks, computer viruses, malware, worms, bot attacks or other destructive or disruptive software and attempts to misappropriate client information and cause system failures and disruptions. Such attacks, or other currently unanticipated threats, could occur in the future. In addition, recent geopolitical tensions have heightened the overall risk of cyber-threats and, while we have taken steps to mitigate such risks, those steps may not be successful. The emergence and maturation of AI capabilities is already being used by malicious actors to amplify cybersecurity attacks. This development may also lead to new or more sophisticated methods of attack and/or a more significant impact on affected parties. A security compromise of our information systems, of our clients' information systems or of those of other businesses with which we interact (including cloud service providers and software vendors) that results in confidential information being accessed by unauthorized or improper persons, could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions up to and including criminal prosecution, client attrition due to reputational concerns or otherwise, containment and remediation expenses and claims brought by our clients or others for breaching contractual confidentiality and security provisions or data protection laws. Monetary damages imposed on us could be significant and may impose costs in excess of insurance policy limits or not be covered by our insurance at all, and our insurers may not continue to provide coverage on reasonable terms or may disclaim coverage as to any future claims. Techniques used by bad actors to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems continuously evolve and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. In addition, a security breach could require that we expend substantial additional resources related to the security of our information systems, diverting resources from other projects and disrupting our businesses. Cognizant 19 December 31, 2025 Form 10-K Table of Contents Our clients, suppliers, subcontractors and other third parties with whom we do business, including in particular cloud service providers and software vendors, generally face similar cybersecurity threats, and we must rely on the safeguards adopted by these parties. If these third parties do not have adequate safeguards or their safeguards fail, it might result in breaches of our systems or applications and unauthorized access to or disclosure of our and our clients’ confidential data. In addition, we are subject to vulnerabilities in third-party technology components we use in our business and are typically not aware of such vulnerabilities until we receive notice from the third parties who have created the exposure. Due to this delay, our responses to such vulnerabilities may not be adequate or prompt enough to prevent their exploitation. Although our cybersecurity risk management program utilizes various procedures and controls to mitigate our exposure to the risks described above, the cybersecurity threat landscape is rapidly evolving and increasingly sophisticated. There can be no assurance that the procedures and controls that we implement, or that our clients, suppliers, subcontractors and other third parties with whom we do business implement, will be sufficient to protect from cybersecurity threats. Additionally, any remediation measures that we have taken or that we may undertake in the future may be insufficient to prevent future attacks or insufficient for us to quickly recover from any future attack to efficiently continue our business operations. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, or the failure of our hedging strategies to mitigate such fluctuations, can adversely impact our profitability, results of operations and financial condition. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates can also have adverse effects on our revenues, income from operations and net income when items denominated in other currencies are translated or remeasured into U.S. dollars for presentation of our consolidated financial statements. We have entered into foreign exchange forward and option contracts intended to partially offset the impact of the movement of the exchange rates on future operating costs and to mitigate foreign currency risk on foreign currency denominated net monetary assets. However, the hedging strategies that we have implemented, or may in the future implement, to mitigate foreign currency exchange rate risks may not reduce or completely offset our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and may expose our business to unexpected market, operational and counterparty credit risks. We are particularly susceptible to wage and cost pressures in India and the exchange rate of the Indian rupee relative to the currencies of our client contracts due to the fact that the substantial majority of our employees are in India while our contracts with clients are typically in the local currency of the country where our clients are located. Pandemics, epidemics or other outbreaks of disease have had and may in the future have a material adverse impact upon our business, liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. Any pandemic, epidemic or other outbreak of disease may have widespread, rapidly evolving and unpredictable impacts on global society, economies, financial markets and business practices by, among other things, causing significant loss of life, curtailing congregation of people and disrupting communications and travel. Such events may have a material adverse impact upon, our business, liquidity, results of operations and financial condition, including as a result of reduced client demand for our services, closures of our clients' facilities that materially impair our ability to deliver services to our clients and satisfy contractually agreed upon service levels and increased strain on employees and management, as we saw at the height of the COVID-19 pandemic. The ultimate extent to which any future pandemics, epidemics or other outbreaks of disease impact our business, liquidity, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the severity of the disease to which the pandemic, epidemic or other outbreak relates; delivery, adoption and effectiveness of vaccines or other treatments for the disease, including any variants; the duration and extent of the event and waves of infection; travel restrictions and social distancing; the duration and extent of business closures and business disruptions; and the effectiveness of actions taken to contain, treat and prevent the disease. If we or our clients experience prolonged shutdowns or other business disruptions, our business, liquidity, results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of our common stock may be materially adversely affected, and our ability to access the capital markets may be limited. Further, any future pandemic, epidemic or other outbreak of disease, and the volatile regional and global economic conditions stemming from such an event, could precipitate or amplify the other risk factors that we identify in this report, any of which could have a material adverse impact to our business. Extreme weather and risks arising from the transition to a lower-carbon economy may impact our business. There are inherent climate- and weather-related risks everywhere that we conduct our business. Developments related to regulatory, social or market dynamics, stakeholder expectations, national and international climate change policies, the actual or perceived frequency or intensity of extreme weather events or the availability and functionality of critical infrastructure and resources, in addition to other factors resulting from such developments or that may not otherwise be known to or anticipated by us, could significantly disrupt our supply chain, our clients' operations and our ability to deliver services. Such events could significantly increase our costs and expenses and harm our revenues, cash flows and financial performance. Further, natural disasters and adverse weather events, such as droughts, wildfires, storms, sea-level rise and flooding, occurring more Cognizant 20 December 31, 2025 Form 10-K Table of Contents frequently, with less predictability or with greater intensity due to climate change or other drivers, could cause community disruptions and impact our employees’ abilities to commute or to work from home safely and effectively. Evolving and conflicting sustainability and societal related expectations or standards could adversely affect our business or damage our reputation. Shifting stakeholder expectations and evolving regulatory and disclosure standards around sustainability and societal matters could impact our business. We are subject to, and expect to become increasingly subject to, laws, regulations and international treaties relating to sustainability. As these new laws, regulations, treaties and similar initiatives and programs continue to be adopted and implemented, we will be required to comply or potentially face market access limitations, enforcement actions, civil suits or sanctions, including fines. If new laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory requirements, we may experience increased compliance burdens and costs to meet such obligations. If we fail to comply with new laws, regulations, treaties, or reporting requirements, our reputation and business could be adversely impacted. Our ability to meet our sustainability ambitions is also subject to external factors outside of our control including the ability and willingness of our suppliers to reduce emissions and the advancement of new emission reducing technologies. In addition, global clients often rely on sustainability rating systems for bids and buying practices, and yet the criteria used in the ratings may conflict and change frequently, and we cannot predict how these third parties will score us, nor can we have any assurance that they score us or other companies accurately, or that we will be able to score well as such criteria change. We supplement our participation in ratings systems with published disclosures of our sustainability and societal activities, but some investors may desire other disclosures that we do not provide. At the same time, an increasing number of stakeholders, including regulators, and lawmakers have expressed or pursued conflicting views, legislation and investment expectations with respect to sustainability and societal ratings, ambitions and disclosures, which may expose us to additional legal, financial or reputational risks based upon our sustainability and societal ambitions and disclosures. We may be unable to satisfy all of our stakeholders on these matters, and as a result our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees and our business could be negatively affected. If our risk management, business resilience and disaster recovery plans are not effective and our global delivery capabilities are impacted, our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected and we may suffer harm to our reputation. Our bu
[...TRUNCATED...]