TICKER=CVNA|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CVNA_2026-02-18.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. Described below are certain risks to our business and the industry in which we operate. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the financial and other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public disclosures. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. As a result, our future results could differ materially from historical results and from guidance we may provide regarding our expectations of our future financial performance, and the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline. 9 Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky, all of which are more fully described below in this section. This summary should be read in conjunction with the full description of "Risk Factors" in this section and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing our business. In addition to the following summary and the information in this section, you should consider the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before investing in our securities. Risks Related to Our Business • risks related to the larger automotive ecosystem, including consumer demand, global supply chain challenges, and other macroeconomic issues; • our ability to raise additional capital to pursue our objectives; • our ability to effectively manage our rapid growth; • our ability to maintain customer service quality and reputational integrity and enhance our brand; • the seasonal and other fluctuations in our quarterly and annual operating results; • our relationship with DriveTime and other entities affiliated with our controlling stockholder; • our ability to compete in the highly competitive industry in which we participate; • the changes in prices of new and used vehicles; • our ability to acquire and expeditiously sell desirable inventory; • our ability to comply with the laws and regulations to which we are subject; • our ability to grow complementary product and service offerings; • our reliance on internal and external logistics to transport our vehicle inventory; • our use of artificial intelligence technology; • our ability to protect the personal information and other data that we collect, process and store; • breaches in our cybersecurity measures and disruptions in availability and functionality of our systems, website, and mobile application; • our ability to protect our intellectual property, technology, and confidential information; • our ability to obtain adequate insurance and the affordability of such insurance; • our dependence on key personnel to operate our business; • the risk of receiving less than the full amount of benefit we expect to receive from our minority equity investments; • risks associated with acquisitions and strategic initiatives; • legal proceedings; and • our management’s accounting judgments and estimates, as well as changes to accounting policies. Risks Related to Our Automotive Finance Receivables • our dependence on the sale of automotive finance receivables for a substantial portion of our gross profit; • our access to capital markets at competitive rates and in sufficient amounts; • errors in contracts with customers, which could render them unenforceable or ineligible for sale; • the risks related to greater credit losses or prepayments with respect to our automotive finance receivables held; and • the risk retention rules. Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure • the nature of being a holding company; • the potential for conflicts of interest between our stockholders and LLC Unitholders; and • risks related to payments due to LLC Unitholders under the Tax Receivable Agreement, if we derive benefits from using certain tax attributes; and • our status as a "controlled company." 10 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Liquidity • our substantial indebtedness; and • our ability to generate sufficient cash flow. Risks Related to Ownership of our Class A Common Stock • the volatile trading price of our Class A common stock; • the Garcia Parties’ control us and their interests may conflict with our or our stockholders’ interests; • dilution due to issuance of additional Class A common stock or LLC Units in the future; • we may issue shares of preferred stock in the future; • Delaware law and our charter may prevent stockholders from changing decisions made by management; and • the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation. Risks Related to Our Business Our business is subject to risks related to the larger automotive ecosystem, including consumer demand, global supply chain challenges, and other macroeconomic issues. Our business is affected by industry and economic conditions. Purchases of new and used vehicles are typically discretionary for consumers and have been, and may continue to be, sensitive to adverse economic trends. Consumer purchases of new and used vehicles generally decline during recessionary periods and other periods in which disposable income is adversely affected. Further, inflationary impacts on labor, materials, fuel, and other vehicle costs and services, as well as scarcity of certain products, have caused and may again cause increased vehicle prices, which may adversely affect demand and pricing in the used vehicle market. Although the Company is currently focused on long-term growth, if economic conditions worsen or a recession occurs, we may once again be required to take stricter operating efficiency measures to protect our business. Those measures, including restructurings and cost savings, could materially adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. Further, elevated and volatile interest rates have pressured and may again pressure consumer affordability and monthly payments, which may reduce demand for used vehicles. Adverse conditions affecting one or more automotive manufacturers could also impact the supply of vehicles and our inventory, change consumer car purchasing behaviors, and have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. Manufacturer recalls and the increased regulatory scrutiny surrounding selling used vehicles with open safety recalls could adversely affect used vehicle sales or valuations, cause us to temporarily remove vehicles from inventory, cause us to sell affected vehicles at a loss, cause us to incur increased costs, and expose us to litigation and adverse publicity related to the sale of recalled vehicles. Further adverse conditions, including labor disruptions at manufacturer facilities, may affect the market for new vehicles, thereby affecting the supply and market for used vehicles. Our business may also be negatively affected by challenges to the larger automotive ecosystem, including global health crises, such as the past COVID-19 pandemic, which may impact workforces, operations, and consumer behavior; increase in urbanization, which may decrease demand for vehicles due to the popularity of rideshare services such as Uber and Lyft; global supply chain challenges; military conflicts, such as the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, or changes in relations between countries, such as between the United States, China, and Taiwan and conditions in Latin America following the recent U.S. military action in Venezuela; and other macroeconomic and geopolitical issues. New technologies such as autonomous driving software and the increasing popularity of electric vehicles also have the potential to change the dynamics of vehicle ownership in the future and make certain used vehicles more expensive or less desirable. In addition, technology related to generative AI is advancing rapidly, and its future impact on the automotive ecosystem is unknown. Finally, the imposition or suspension of tariffs or other trade restrictions implemented by the U.S. federal government or other countries, including changes to the import tariffs implemented by the U.S. on vehicles and parts, and uncertainty regarding the same, may change vehicle supply or the supply or cost of important vehicle parts and components, as well as customer vehicle purchasing behavior. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The extent and duration of these impacts are inherently uncertain and could vary materially across geographies and over time. We may require additional capital to pursue our business objectives and respond to business opportunities, challenges, or unforeseen circumstances. If such capital is not available to us, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be harmed. We may require additional capital to pursue our business objectives and respond to business opportunities, challenges, or unforeseen circumstances, including to increase our marketing expenditures to improve our brand awareness, build and maintain our inventory of quality used vehicles, develop new products or services, further improve existing products and 11 services, enhance our operating infrastructure, fund our growth or expansion into new markets, implement strategic initiatives, or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional capital. However, additional capital may not be available when we need it, on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. In addition, any debt financing that we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. For example, the indentures governing our Senior Secured Notes limit our ability and certain of our subsidiaries’ ability to, among other things, incur additional debt or issue preferred stock, create new liens, create restrictions on intercompany payments, pay dividends and make other distributions, designate unrestricted subsidiaries, redeem or repurchase stock or prepay subordinated indebtedness, make certain investments or certain other restricted payments, guarantee indebtedness, sell certain kinds of assets, including assets securing our Senior Secured Notes, enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates, and effect mergers or consolidations. See Part II, Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources." Volatility in the credit markets may also have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain debt financing. Increased benchmark interest rates, widening credit spreads, reduced lender appetite for automotive or consumer-credit exposures, or rating downgrades could increase our borrowing costs or limit our access to capital. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to pursue our business objectives and to respond to business opportunities, challenges or unforeseen circumstances could be significantly limited, and our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects could be adversely affected. Our rapid growth may not be indicative of our future growth and, if we continue growing rapidly, we may not be able to manage our growth and profitability effectively. Our history has often been characterized by rapid growth. For our revenues and profits to grow, we need a healthy industry and macroeconomic environment, and to successfully increase our penetration in existing markets, enter new markets, acquire more new and repeat customers, further improve the quality of our product offering, features, and complementary products and services, introduce high quality new products, services, and features, expand our brand awareness, and carry sufficient inventory with high enough quality and low enough cost to meet the demand for our vehicles. We have no control over the industry and macroeconomic environment we face, as demonstrated by the challenges we experienced in 2022 and 2023, and our business strategy has and may be adversely affected as a result. Further, even if we succeed and our revenue and profits increase, we may not achieve historical rates of growth. Our rapid growth has placed and may continue to place significant demands on our management and our operational and financial resources. We have in the past expended, and may again expend, substantial financial and other resources on marketing and advertising, inventory expansion, production capacity expansion, and general administration expenses related to being a growing public company. If we cannot manage our growth effectively to maintain profitability, as well as the quality and efficiency of our customers’ car-buying and selling experience, our business could be harmed and our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Our failure to maintain our reputation and to otherwise maintain and enhance our customer service quality and brand could adversely affect our business, sales, and results of operations. Our business model is based on our ability to provide customers with a transparent and simplified solution to car buying and selling that will save them time and money. Accordingly, our ability to consistently deliver a high-quality experience and our reputation as a company of integrity are critical to our success. Thus, we rely heavily on marketing and advertising to increase brand visibility. If we fail to maintain our reputation, or if an actual, perceived, or alleged failure of these standards occurs that damages this reputation, we could experience reduced consumer trust, lower customer demand, diminished effectiveness of our marketing and brand-building efforts, and a material adverse effect on our business, sales, and results of operations. The operationally intensive aspect of our offering and the nature of automotive retail that necessitates the use of third-party vendors and systems to complete certain ancillary parts of the customer transaction (e.g., vehicle inspections, submitting title and registration paperwork to vendors or state entities) makes maintaining the quality of our customer experience a particularly difficult challenge. For example, we have been the subject of various complaints relating to the timely delivery of certificates of title and registration, and vehicle quality. While we do not believe these claims are material, irrespective of their validity, any claims, complaints, investigations, government inquiries, or negative publicity could diminish customer confidence in our platform and adversely affect our brand. The use of social media increases the speed with which information, misinformation, and opinions can be shared and thus the speed with which our reputation can be affected. Negative or inaccurate postings, articles, reports, or comments on social media, the internet, or the press about us have, from time to time, generated negative publicity that damages the reputation of our brand. If we fail to correct or mitigate misinformation or negative information about us, the vehicles we offer to sell or purchase, our customer experience, or any 12 aspect of our brand, including information spread through social media or traditional media channels, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, and results of operations. We experience seasonal and other fluctuations in our quarterly and annual operating results, which may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. Our quarterly and annual results of operations, including our revenue, gross profit, and cash flow, vary from quarter to quarter and year to year based in part on, among other things, consumers’ car-buying patterns. Used vehicle sales generally exhibit seasonality with sales typically peaking late in the first calendar quarter (coinciding with the time when the federal government issues tax refunds) and diminishing through the rest of the year, with the lowest relative level of sales expected to occur in the fourth calendar quarter. Due to our rapid growth, our overall sales patterns in the past have not always reflected the general seasonality of the used vehicle industry. However, as our business and markets continue to mature, we expect our results to become more reflective of typical market seasonality. Used vehicle prices also exhibit seasonality, with used vehicles generally depreciating at a faster rate in the fourth and first quarters of each year and a slower rate in the second and third quarters of each year, all other factors being equal. Other factors that cause our quarterly and annual results to fluctuate include, without limitation: • profitability or other initiatives; • fluctuations in consumer demand, vehicle supply, and labor supply due to macroeconomic conditions; • the timing of sales of our automotive finance receivables; • our ability to attract new customers; • changes in the competitive dynamics of our industry; • the regulatory environment; • expenses associated with unforeseen quality issues and manufacturer recalls; • the speed, persistence, and aggregate level of inflation; • the pace and level of changes in benchmark interest rates; and • litigation, investigations, regulatory inquiries, or other claims against us. In addition, a significant portion of our expenses are fixed and do not vary proportionately with fluctuations in revenues. Accordingly, our results in any quarter or year may not indicate the results we may achieve in any subsequent quarter or for the full year, and period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. We maintain a business relationship with DriveTime Automotive Inc. and other entities affiliated with our controlling stockholders for certain services and processes. We maintain a business relationship with DriveTime, a related party due to the Garcia Parties’ control and ownership of substantially all of the interests in DriveTime. We are party to a number of arrangements with DriveTime and its affiliates that cannot be assumed to have been negotiated at arm’s length. We continue to periodically engage DriveTime, its affiliates, and other entities controlled by our controlling stockholder to provide us with certain services, including but not limited to, lease agreements, the administration of VSCs, and the servicing of automotive finance receivables originated by us. DriveTime has also in the past and may in the future purchase or sell certain vehicles or automotive finance receivables from or to us. There can be no assurance that DriveTime and the other affiliates will continue these arrangements on similar terms, or at all, and as a result our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected and historical costs may not always accurately reflect future costs and expenses. We participate in a highly competitive industry; pressure from existing and new companies may adversely affect our business and operating results. The used car marketplace is a highly fragmented and highly competitive industry. We face significant competition from companies that provide listings, information, lead generation, and car-buying and selling services designed to reach businesses and consumers and enable dealers to reach these consumers and inventory sources. Our current and future competitors may include: • traditional used vehicle dealerships such as CarMax; • internet and online automotive sites, such as Amazon, Autobytel, AutoTrader, Cars, Carfax, CarGurus, eBay Motors, Edmunds, Google, KBB, and TrueCar; 13 • providers of offline, membership-based car-buying services such as the Costco Auto Program; • new and used vehicle dealers or marketplaces with e-commerce business or online platforms; • marketplaces that could compete with our wholesale marketplace program; • automobile manufacturers such as Ford, General Motors, Toyota, Volkswagen, Tesla, Rivian, and Lucid; and • privately negotiated transactions. We also expect that competitors, both new and existing, will continue to enter the online and traditional automotive retail industry with competing brands, business models, products, and services, which could make it difficult to acquire inventory, attract customers, and sell vehicles at a profitable price. Some of these companies may have significantly greater resources than we do and may be able to provide customers access to a greater inventory of vehicles at lower prices or purchase vehicles from consumers at higher prices while delivering a competitive online experience. Additionally, there can be no assurance we will not experience competition from DriveTime, the company from which we were spun off and with which we currently have certain business relationships. Furthermore, we have a cross-license agreement with DriveTime pursuant to which DriveTime has obtained limited licenses to some of our intellectual property, which could impact our competitive position. Our competitors may also develop and market new technologies that render our existing or future business model, products, and services less competitive, unmarketable, or obsolete. For example, rapid changes in technology, including rideshare services and the development of autonomous vehicles, including those developed by Waymo and Tesla, could lead to a decrease in demand for our products. Competitors may also impede our ability to reach consumers or commence operations in certain jurisdictions. For example, we depend in part on internet search engines, lead generators, automotive finance partners, social networking sites, AI tools, and vehicle listing sites to drive traffic to our website and mobile application and our competitors may increase their search engine optimization efforts and outbid us for search terms on various search engines, use their political influence and increase lobbying efforts, or align with Internet search engine providers to receive a higher search result page ranking than ours. Any reduction in the number of users directed to our website and mobile application through internet search engines, lead generators, automotive finance providers, social networking sites, AI tools, or vehicle listing sites, could harm our business and operating results. In addition, technology related to generative AI is advancing rapidly, and its future impact on the automotive ecosystem is unknown. For example, AI-driven automation and virtual assistants may streamline dealership operations, improve customer engagement, and increase efficiency in sourcing and managing used vehicles, which could significantly alter competitive dynamics and operational requirements in the automotive market. Private plaintiffs and federal, state, and local regulatory and law enforcement authorities continue to scrutinize advertising, sales, financing, and insurance activities in the purchase, sale, and leasing of used vehicles. If, as a result, other automotive retailers adopt more transparent, consumer-oriented business practices, our differentiation versus those retailers could be reduced. In addition, if one or more of our competitors, or DriveTime, were to merge or partner with another of our competitors, the change in the competitive landscape could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Our competitors may also establish or strengthen cooperative relationships with our current or future data providers, technology partners, or other parties with whom we have relationships, thereby limiting our ability to develop, improve, and promote our solutions. We may not be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors, and competitive pressures may harm our revenue, business, and financial results. Our business is sensitive to changes in the prices of new and used vehicles. Any significant changes in prices for new or used vehicles could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. An overall increase in used vehicle prices or monthly payments, including as a result of increased interest rates, longer loan terms, or tighter credit standards, makes it difficult for certain customers to afford to purchase a vehicle. Similarly, if prices for used vehicles rise relative to prices for new vehicles, consumers may prefer new vehicles, particularly where manufacturer financing incentives narrow the total cost of ownership gap. Additional manufacturer incentives could also contribute to narrowing this price gap. In addition, while lower used vehicle prices reduce our cost of acquiring inventory, lower prices could also lead to reductions in the prices at which we can sell such inventory, which could create markdown risk and have a negative impact on gross profit. Furthermore, any significant changes in wholesale prices for used vehicles could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations by reducing wholesale margins. Price volatility can also complicate pricing algorithms, appraisal accuracy, and residual value assumptions, potentially leading to increased return rates, inventory write-downs, or reduced financing proceeds. 14 Our business is dependent upon our ability to acquire desirable vehicles and parts used to recondition vehicles, and to expeditiously sell such vehicle inventory. Obstacles to acquiring and selling attractive inventory, whether because of supply, competition, or other factors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, and results of operations. We acquire vehicles for sale through numerous sources, including directly from consumers, from wholesale auctions, including our wholesale marketplace, from other large fleet operators, from original equipment manufacturers, and from other retailers, which are evaluated for mechanical soundness, consumer desirability, and relative value as prospective inventory. There can be no assurance that the supply or price of desirable used vehicles will be sufficient to meet our needs. If we fail to adjust appraisal offers to stay in line with broader market trade-in offer trends, to recognize those trends, or to properly assess vehicles before we purchase them, it could adversely affect our ability to acquire desirable inventory. Further, we rely on agreements with third-parties to finance our vehicle inventory purchases, and may require additional financing arrangements in the future. If we are unable to extend the current financing agreements on favorable terms or at all, if the agreements expire and are not renewed, if new financing arrangements are at higher interest rates or with less favorable terms, or if we are unable to secure new financing, our inventory supply may decline. A reduction in the availability of or access to sources of desirable inventory, including parts necessary to recondition such inventory, whether due to supply chain constraints, pricing, or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, and results of operations. It is also common that commercial suppliers of used vehicles regularly review their relationships with used vehicle disposition channels, such as our wholesale marketplace platform or retail marketplace offering, through requests for proposals. Such suppliers may from time to time require us to change the way we do business or provide services on less favorable terms. There can be no assurance that our existing agreements will not be canceled or that we will be able to enter into future agreements with these or other suppliers on similar terms, or at all. Finally, used vehicle inventory has typically represented a significant portion of our total assets. Having such a large portion of our total assets in the form of used vehicle inventory for an extended period of time subjects us to depreciation, inflation, and other risks, which have in the past and may again affect our results of operations. Our purchases of used vehicles are based in large part on projected demand. If actual sales are materially less than our forecasts, we have and may again experience an over-supply of used vehicle inventory. An over-supply of used vehicle inventory will generally cause downward pressure on our product sales prices and margins and increase our average days to sale. This increase has and may again subject us to accelerated depreciation of our vehicle inventory due to changes in economic conditions, which could result in reduced retail and wholesale margins. Accordingly, if we have excess inventory or our average days to sale increases, we may be unable to liquidate such inventory at prices that allow us to meet margin targets or to recover our costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We operate in several highly regulated industries and are subject to a wide range of federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Changes in these laws and regulations, or our actual or alleged failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We are subject to a wide range of evolving federal, state, and local laws and regulations, many of which may have limited to no interpretation precedent as it relates to our business model. Our compliance obligations may vary by jurisdiction and change without advance notice. Our sale and purchase of used vehicles and related activities, including financing our customers’ acquisition of those vehicles, shipping and delivery of vehicles and the sale of complementary products and services, are subject to state and local licensing requirements, state laws, regulations, and systems and process requirements related to title and registration, state laws regulating the sale of motor vehicles and related products and services, federal and state laws regulating advertising of motor vehicles and related products and services, federal and state consumer protection laws prohibiting unfair, deceptive or misleading practices toward consumers, customer insurance related regulations, regulations governing the internet, e-commerce or mobile commerce, anti-money laundering regulations, and labor laws. Dealer and Finance Licensing Regulations: Regulators in jurisdictions in which we have a dealer or finance license have in the past, and may in the future, impose economic fines, suspend or revoke our license, or otherwise preclude us from buying or selling vehicles or providing financing products to customers. Regulators in jurisdictions where our customers reside but in which we do not have a dealer or financing license could require that we obtain a license or otherwise comply with various state regulations, and may seek to impose punitive fines for operating without a license or demand we seek a license in those jurisdictions, any of which may inhibit our ability to do business in those jurisdictions, increase our operating expenses, and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Telephone Consumer Protection Act ("TCPA"). We utilize telephone calls and text messaging as a means of communicating with and marketing to consumers, some of which activities are regulated by the TCPA. Consumers have in the past and may in the future allege violations of the TCPA, and if we fail to adhere to or successfully implement appropriate 15 processes and procedures in response to existing or future marketing regulations, it could result in legal and monetary liability, fines, penalties, or damage to our reputation. Further restrictions may also adversely affect our ability to attract customers. Environmental, Transportation, and Logistics Related Laws and Regulations. Our facilities and business operations are subject to a variety of laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and health and safety. Our logistics operations, which we depend on to transport vehicles to and from wholesale auctions, our IRCs, our vending machines, our hubs, and our customers, are subject to regulation by the DOT and by the states through which our vehicles travel. New or additional restrictive limitations on the transport of vehicles, such as the California Zero Emission Vehicle program, could increase our operating expenses. Finance Related Laws and Regulations. The financing we offer to customers is subject to state licensing laws and to federal and state laws regulating the advertising and provision of consumer finance options, the collection of consumer credit and financial information, along with requirements related to online payments and electronic funds transfers. The violation of any laws or regulations could inhibit our ability to execute our business, result in administrative, civil, or criminal penalties, or in a cease-and-desist order against some or all of our business activities, any of which could damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, and results of operations. Additionally, even an allegation that we violated these laws by regulators, competitors, individuals, or consumers, could result in costly litigation with uncertain results. We have incurred and will continue to incur capital and operating expenses and other costs to comply with these laws and regulations. This description of laws and regulations to which we are or may be subject is not exhaustive, and the regulatory framework governing our operations is subject to evolving interpretations and continuous change. For additional information regarding government regulations and compliance matters we are subject to, see Part I, Item 1 "Business—Government Regulation." The enactment of new laws and regulations or the interpretation of existing laws and regulations in an unfavorable way may affect the operation of our business, directly or indirectly, which could result in substantial regulatory compliance costs, civil or criminal penalties, including fines, adverse publicity, decreased revenues, and increased expenses. Our ability to grow our complementary product and service offerings may be limited, which could negatively impact our growth rate, revenues and financial performance. We plan to continue to utilize our online sales platform to offer additional complementary products and services, which may include services or products involving other inventory sources, new vehicles, additional trade-in options, additional financing options, various forms of insurance related to vehicle condition, property and casualty, or other insurance products, subscription services, shipping services, GAP waivers, customized accessories, leasing, or maintenance. We may incur losses or otherwise fail to enter these markets successfully. Our expansion into these markets also places us in competitive and regulatory environments with which we are unfamiliar and involve various risks, including the need to invest significant resources and the possibility that returns on such investments will not be achieved for several years, if at all. In attempting to establish new service or product offerings, we incur significant expenses and face various other challenges, such as expanding our customer advocate, management, and compliance personnel to cover new markets. In addition, we may not successfully demonstrate the value of these complementary products and services to consumers, and failure to do so would compromise our ability to successfully expand into these additional revenue streams. Any of these risks, if realized, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Consumer protection, insurance, and licensing requirements for ancillary products may also evolve in the future, increasing costs and limiting product design and attach rates. We rely on internal and external logistics to transport our inventory throughout the United States, which subjects us to business risks and costs associated with the transportation industry. Many of these risks and costs are out of our control, and any of them could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely on a combination of internal and external logistics to transport vehicles to and from wholesale auctions, IRCs, hubs, vending machines, and our customers. As a result, we are exposed to risks associated with the transportation industry such as weather, traffic patterns, gasoline prices, recalls affecting our vehicle fleet, local and federal regulations, vehicular crashes, insufficient internal capacity, rising prices of transportation vendors, taxes, license and registration fees, insurance premiums, self-insurance levels, difficulty in recruiting and retaining qualified drivers, disruption of our technology systems, equipment supply, equipment quality, and increasing equipment and operational costs. Our failure to successfully manage our logistics and fulfillment process could cause a disruption in our inventory supply chain and distribution, which may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Capacity constraints, labor shortages, and regulatory changes affecting hours-of-service and emissions may increase cost-to-deliver and extend cycle times. 16 Our use of artificial intelligence may not perform as expected and could expose us to technological, operational, legal, and reputational risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations We increasingly develop and deploy AI technology through third party generative AI platforms and internal software, in connection with our proprietary systems and customer experiences, including automated, self-service workflows, AI-enabled customer support tools, internal work efficiencies, and enhancement of our recruiting and hiring processes. These initiatives are complex, rapidly evolving, and inherently uncertain. There is no assurance that our AI capabilities will function as intended, deliver anticipated benefits, or scale cost-effectively. The performance, quality, and impact of AI models depend on numerous factors, including the availability and integrity of training data, model design, computational resources, integration with our operations and technology stack, and ongoing monitoring and governance. If our AI systems or those third party platforms we utilize underperform, produce inaccurate, incomplete, or biased outputs, hallucinate or fail under edge cases, degrade customer experiences, inadvertently disclose or misuse intellectual property, or otherwise fail to meet expectations, we could experience decreased conversion, operational disruptions, increased costs, reduced margins, customer dissatisfaction, negative publicity, or harm to our brand and competitive position. Increased use of AI may additionally result in cybersecurity, data privacy, and labor and employment risks. The laws, rules, standards, and guidance relating to AI are developing rapidly and vary across jurisdictions. We may be subject to evolving requirements regarding transparency, fairness, explainability, safety, data usage and provenance, content integrity, consumer protection, and algorithmic accountability. If we use AI in ways that regulators view as unfair, deceptive, discriminatory, or otherwise noncompliant, we could face heightened scrutiny, investigations, enforcement actions, private litigation, or requirements to modify, suspend, or cease certain AI-enabled practices. To the extent AI touches areas implicating privacy, information security, intellectual property, credit and financing, or other regulated activities, we may incur additional compliance obligations and associated costs. The development and deployment of AI requires ongoing investments in talent, infrastructure, data quality, tooling, and governance frameworks. These investments may be significant and may not result in improvements to growth, margins, or customer experience. We may need to devote additional resources to testing, monitoring, documentation, and controls to address emerging standards and mitigate model risks, including bias, fairness, and safety. If we are unable to develop, procure, integrate, or govern AI technologies effectively; if third-party AI providers or inputs are unavailable, unreliable, or more costly; if regulatory requirements materially constrain AI use; or if our AI initiatives otherwise fail to meet expectations, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We collect, process, store, share, transmit, disclose, and use information, including personally identifiable information. Our actual or perceived failure to protect such information and data, comply with privacy and security-related requirements, mitigate data loss, and/or prevent a cybersecurity or other incident could damage our reputation and harm our business and operating results. We collect, process, store, share, transmit, disclose, and use sensitive information and other data provided by consumers, employees, and business partners, including personally identifiable information (“PII”) and sensitive personal information ("SPI"), to support our business operations. This information may include social security numbers, credit scores, and financial information. Although we have taken measures designed to safeguard such information, our facilities and systems could be vulnerable to external or internal security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors, or other similar events. Further, bad actors around the world use increasingly sophisticated methods, including the use of AI, to engage in illegal activities involving the theft and misuse of PII, SPI, confidential information, and intellectual property. We also rely on third‑party service providers and vendors that process information on our behalf. We have limited ability to control their security and privacy practices, and contractual protections and due diligence may not prevent all incidents. A security incident at a third party could have similar adverse effects on us as an incident on our own systems. The use of AI tools and programs by new or existing vendors may also introduce unique vulnerabilities whose existence or exploitation could have a material adverse effect on our business or operations. We are subject to numerous and rapidly evolving federal, state, and local laws regarding privacy, cybersecurity and the collection, use, and disclosure of PII and other data. Many states, including California, have implemented laws that give consumers expanded rights to manage their personal information. In addition, cybersecurity has become a high priority for regulators, and some jurisdictions have enacted laws setting forth cybersecurity compliance standards and/or requiring companies to notify certain parties of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. The SEC has adopted 17 rules for public companies, requiring the mandatory disclosure of material cybersecurity incidents and the Federal Trade Commission and the New York Department of Financial Services have both also increased incident reporting and expanded cybersecurity program requirements. Any failure or perceived failure to maintain the security of and/or adhere to privacy-related obligations related to personal and other data that is provided to us by consumers, employees, and vendors, or any failure or perceived failure to appropriately report and respond to cyber incidents in accordance with applicable law and contractual obligations, could harm our reputation and expose us to a risk of loss or litigation, regulatory scrutiny or enforcement actions, and possible liability, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. If our cybersecurity measures are breached or there is a disruption in our technology systems, our business, brand, operating results, and financial condition could be harmed. We are highly dependent on technology networks and infrastructure for our business. Our brand, reputation, and ability to attract consumers depend on the safe and reliable performance of our website and mobile application and the supporting systems, technology, and infrastructure, such as our logistics network. Although we consider cybersecurity protection and system stability to be an important piece of our business, strategy, and management, we have in the past and may in the future experience potentially significant interruptions to our systems. Interruptions in these systems, whether due to system failures, programming or configuration errors, computer viruses, or physical or electronic break-ins, including from ransomware or distributed denia
[...TRUNCATED...]