TICKER=CVS|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/CVS_2026-02-10.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors. You should carefully consider each of the following risks and uncertainties and all of the other information set forth in this 10-K. These risks and uncertainties and other factors may affect forward-looking statements, including those we make in this 10-K or elsewhere, such as in news releases or investor or analyst calls, meetings or presentations, on our websites or through our social media channels. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. There can be no assurance that we have identified all the risks that affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial also may adversely affect our businesses. Any of these risks or uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations and the expected results discussed in our forward-looking statements. You should not consider past results to be an indication of future performance. If any of the following risks or uncertainties develops into actual events or if the circumstances described in the risks or uncertainties occur or continue to occur, those events or circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, operating results, cash flows, financial condition and/or stock price, among other effects on us. You should read the following section in conjunction with the MD&A, included in Item 7 of this 10-K, our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, included in Item 8 of this 10-K, and our “Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements” in this 10-K. Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks we face that could negatively impact our businesses, operating results, cash flows and/or financial condition: Risks Relating to Our Businesses • We may not be able to accurately forecast health care and other benefit costs. • Adverse economic conditions in the U.S. and abroad can materially and adversely impact our businesses, operating results, cash flows and financial condition. • Each of our segments operates in a highly competitive and evolving business environment. • A change in our Health Care Benefits product mix may adversely affect our profit margins. • Our health care delivery businesses face unique risks. • Negative public perception of the industries in which we operate can adversely affect our businesses, operating results, cash flows and prospects. • We must maintain and improve our relationships with our retail and specialty pharmacy customers and increase the demand for our products and services. • We face risks relating to the availability, pricing and safety profiles of prescription drugs that we purchase and sell. • The reserves we hold for expected claims in our Insured Health Care Benefits products are based on estimates that involve an extensive degree of judgment and are inherently variable, and any reserve, including a premium deficiency reserve, may be insufficient. • We may pursue acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances and other inorganic growth opportunities, as well as strategic divestitures, which may be unsuccessful, cause us to assume unanticipated liabilities, disrupt our existing businesses, be dilutive or lead us to assume significant debt, among other things. 32 Risks From Changes in Public Policy and Other Legal and Regulatory Risks • We are subject to potential changes in public policy, laws and regulations, including reform of the U.S. health care system and entitlement programs. • If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or fail to change our operations in line with any new legal or regulatory requirements, we could be subject to significant adverse regulatory actions. • If our compliance or other systems and processes fail or are deemed inadequate, we may suffer brand and reputational harm and become subject to contractual damages, regulatory actions and/or litigation. • We routinely are subject to litigation and other adverse legal proceedings, including class actions and qui tam actions. Many of these proceedings seek substantial damages which may not be covered by insurance. • We frequently are subject to regular and special governmental audits, investigations and reviews that could result in changes to our business practices and also could result in material refunds, fines, penalties, civil liabilities, criminal liabilities and other sanctions. • We may face increased regulatory risks related to our vertical integration strategy, such as legislation prohibiting state licensure of pharmacies affiliated with a PBM. • We face unique regulatory and other challenges in our PBM, Medicare and Medicaid businesses. • Programs funded in whole or in part by the U.S. federal government account for a significant portion of our revenues, and any disruption to funding from the U.S. federal government could adversely impact our revenues and operating results. • We may not be able to obtain adequate premium rate increases in our Insured Health Care Benefits products, which would have an adverse effect on our revenues, MBRs and operating results, and could magnify the adverse impact of increases in health care and other benefit costs and of ACA assessments, fees and taxes. • Minimum MLR rebate requirements limit the level of margin we can earn in our Insured Health Care Benefits products while leaving us exposed to higher than expected medical costs. Challenges to our minimum MLR rebate methodology and/or reports could adversely affect our operating results. • Our operating results may be adversely affected by changes in laws and policies governing employers and by union organizing activity. Risks Related to Our Operations • Data governance failures, the failure or disruption of our information technology or infrastructure, a cyberattack or other information security incident can adversely affect our reputation, businesses and prospects. Our use and disclosure of members’, customers’ and other constituents’ personal information is subject to complex regulations. The use of AI and related technology may also increase exposure to reputational, cybersecurity, data privacy, legal, regulatory and operational risks. • Product liability, product recall, professional liability or personal injury issues could damage our reputation. • We face significant competition in attracting and retaining talented employees. Further, managing succession for, and retention of, key executives is critical to our success. • Sales of our products and services are dependent on our ability to attract and motivate internal sales personnel and independent third-party brokers, consultants and agents. We may be subject to penalties or other regulatory actions as a result of the marketing practices of brokers and agents selling our products. • Failure of our businesses to effectively collaborate could prevent us from maximizing our operating results. • We are subject to payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability and disrupt our business operations. • Both our and our vendors’ operations are subject to a variety of business continuity hazards and risks that could interrupt our operations or otherwise adversely affect our performance and operating results. Financial Risks • We would be adversely affected by downgrades or potential downgrades in our credit ratings, should they occur, or if we do not effectively deploy our capital. • Goodwill and other intangible assets could, in the future, become impaired. • Adverse conditions in the U.S. and global capital markets can significantly and adversely affect the value of our investments in debt and equity securities, mortgage loans, alternative instruments and other investments. 33 Risks Related to Our Relationships with Manufacturers, Providers, Suppliers and Vendors • We face risks relating to the market availability, pricing, suppliers and safety profiles of prescription drugs and other products that we purchase and sell. • Continuing consolidation and integration among providers and other suppliers may increase our costs and increase competition. Risks Relating to Our Businesses We may not be able to accurately forecast health care and other benefit costs, including as a result of pandemics or disease outbreaks, which could adversely affect our Health Care Benefits segment’s operating results. There can be no assurance that future health care and other benefit costs will not exceed our projections. Premiums for our Insured Health Care Benefits products are priced in advance based on our forecasts of health care and other benefit costs during a fixed premium period, which is generally twelve months. These forecasts are typically developed several months before the fixed premium period begins, are influenced by historical data (and recent historical data in particular), are dependent on our ability to anticipate and detect medical cost trends and changes in our members’ behavior and health care utilization patterns and medical claim submission patterns and require a significant degree of judgment. For example, our revenue on Individual Medicare policies is based on bids submitted in June of the year before the contract year. Cost increases in excess of our projections cannot be recovered in the fixed premium period through higher premiums. As a result, our profits are particularly sensitive to the accuracy of our forecasts of the increases in health care and other benefit costs that we expect to incur and our ability to anticipate and detect medical cost trends. During periods when health care and other benefit costs, utilization and/or medical costs trends experience significant volatility and medical claim submission patterns are changing rapidly, accurately detecting, forecasting, managing, reserving and pricing for our (and our self-insured customers’) medical cost trends and incurred and future health care and other benefit costs is more challenging. There can be no assurance regarding the accuracy of the health care or other benefit cost projections reflected in our pricing, and whether our health care and other benefit costs will be affected by pandemics, disease outbreaks and other external events over which we have no control. Even relatively small differences between predicted and actual health care and other benefit costs as a percentage of premium revenues can result in significant adverse changes in our Health Care Benefits segment’s operating results. A number of factors contribute to rising health care and other benefit costs, including previously uninsured members entering the health care system; Medicare members’ utilization of supplemental benefits; other changes in members’ behavior, health care utilization patterns and utilization management; turnover in our membership, health care provider and member fraud; additional government mandated benefits or other regulatory changes, including changes to or as a result of the ACA and IRA; changes in the health status of our members; the aging of the population and other changing demographic characteristics; advances in medical technology; increases in the number and cost of prescription drugs (including specialty pharmacy drugs and ultra-high cost drugs and therapies); direct-to-consumer marketing by drug manufacturers; the increasing influence of social media on our members’ health care utilization and other behaviors; the shift to a consumer-driven business model; changes in health care practices and general economic conditions (such as inflation and employment levels); increases in labor costs; pandemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks; influenza-related health care costs (which may be substantial and higher than we expected); clusters of high-cost cases; natural disasters and extreme weather events (which may increase in frequency or intensity as a result of climate change); and numerous other factors that are or may be beyond our control. For example, the length and severity of the influenza season can have an impact on health care and other benefit costs. In addition, government-imposed limitations on Medicare and Medicaid reimbursements to health plans and providers have caused the private sector to bear a greater share of increasing health care and other benefit costs over time, and future amendments to the ACA that increase the uninsured population may amplify this issue. Our Health Care Benefits segment’s operating results and competitiveness depend in large part on our ability to appropriately manage future health care and other benefit costs through underwriting criteria, product design, provider network configuration, negotiation of favorable provider contracts and medical management programs. Our medical cost management programs may not be successful and may have a smaller impact on health care and benefit costs than we expect. The factors described above may adversely affect our ability to predict and manage health care and other benefit costs, which can adversely affect our competitiveness and operating results. Furthermore, if we are not able to accurately and promptly anticipate and detect medical cost trends or accurately estimate the cost of incurred but not yet reported claims or reported claims that have not been paid, our ability to take timely corrective actions to limit future health care costs and reflect our current benefit cost experience in our pricing process may be limited, which would further amplify the extent of any adverse impact on our operating results. These risks are particularly acute during 34 periods when health care and other benefit costs, utilization and/or medical cost trends experience significant volatility and medical claim submission patterns are changing rapidly. Such risks are further magnified by the ACA and other existing and future legislation and regulations that limit our ability to price for our projected and/or experienced increases in utilization and/or medical cost trends. Adverse economic conditions in the U.S. and abroad can materially and adversely impact our businesses, operating results, cash flows and financial condition. Adverse economic conditions in the U.S. and abroad, including those caused by inflation, high interest rates, declines in consumer confidence, increases in unemployment and supply chain disruptions, all of which we have experienced over the last number of years, can materially and adversely impact our businesses, operating results, cash flows and financial condition, including: • In our Health Care Benefits segment, by causing unanticipated increases and volatility in utilization of covered services, increases in fraudulent claims and disputes, changes in medical claim submission patterns and/or increases in medical unit costs and/or provider behavior as hospitals and other providers attempt to maintain revenue levels in response to economic conditions, each of which would increase our costs and limit our ability to accurately detect, forecast, manage, reserve and price for our (and our self-insured customers’) medical cost trends and incurred and future health care and other benefit costs; causing customers and potential customers of our Health Care Benefits segment, particularly smaller employers and individuals, to forgo obtaining or renewing their health and other coverage with us; and also affect our ability to profitably grow and diversify our Health Care Benefits membership. • In our Health Services segment, by causing drug utilization to decline, reducing demand for PBM services and adversely affecting the financial health of our PBM clients. • In our Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment, by causing drug utilization to decline, changing consumer purchasing power, preferences and/or spending patterns leading to reduced consumer demand for products sold in our stores, potentially increasing levels of theft at our retail locations. • By causing our existing customers to reduce workforces (including due to business failures), which would reduce our revenues, the number of covered lives in our PBM clients and/or the number of members our Health Care Benefits segment serves. Reductions in workforce by our customers can also cause unanticipated increases in the health care and other benefit costs of our Health Care Benefits segment. For example, our business associated with members who have elected to receive benefits under Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (known as “COBRA”) typically has an MBR that is significantly higher than our overall Commercial MBR. • By affecting the ability of our customers to obtain adequate financing, which could result in an inability of our customers to pay timely, or at all, the amounts owed to us. • By causing both state and federal government payers, as a result of budget deficits or spending reductions, to suspend or seek to reduce their health care expenditures resulting in our customers delaying payments to us or renegotiating their contracts with us. • By causing our clients and customers and potential clients and customers, particularly those with the most employees or members, and state and local governments, to force us to compete more vigorously on factors such as price and service, including service, discount and other performance guarantees, to retain or obtain their business. • By causing members and other consumers to decide to postpone, or not to seek, medical treatment which may lead them to incur more expensive medical treatment in the future and/or decrease our prescription volumes. • By causing an increase in the prevalence of high-deductible health plans and health plan designs favoring co-insurance over co-payments. • By weakening the ability or perceived ability of the issuers and/or guarantors of the debt or other securities we hold in our investment portfolio to perform on their obligations to us, which could result in defaults in those securities and has reduced, and may further reduce, the value of those securities and has created, and may continue to create, net realized capital losses for us that reduce our operating results. • By causing customers, including self-insured customers in our Health Care Benefits segment, medical members, medical providers and the other companies to be unable to perform their obligations to us which could reduce our operating results. • By affecting our ability to obtain necessary financing on acceptable terms, our ability to secure suitable store locations under acceptable terms. • By weakening the ability of our former subsidiaries and/or their purchasers to satisfy their lease obligations that we have guaranteed and causing the Company to be required to satisfy those obligations. 35 • By weakening the financial condition of other insurers, including long-term care insurers and life insurers, which increases the risk that we will receive significant assessments for obligations of insolvent insurers to policyholders and claimants. • By continuing to cause inflation that could cause interest rates to further increase and thereby further increase our interest expense and reduce our operating results, as well as further decrease the value of the debt securities we hold in our investment portfolio, which would further reduce our operating results and/or adversely affect our financial condition. Each of our segments operates in a highly competitive and evolving business environment; and operating income in the industries in which we compete may decline. Each of our segments, Health Care Benefits, Health Services, which includes our PBM business, and Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness, operates in a highly competitive and evolving business environment. Specifically: • As competition increases in the geographies in which we operate, including competition from new entrants, a significant increase in price compression and/or reimbursement pressures could occur, and this could require us to reevaluate our pricing structures to remain competitive. • In our Health Care Benefits segment, we must often bid against our competitors in a highly competitive environment to acquire and retain our government customers’ business. Winning bids for Medicaid and dual eligible programs often are challenged successfully by unsuccessful bidders, and may also be withdrawn or canceled by the issuing agency. CMS has proposed requiring that health plans offering certain dual eligible programs must also offer Medicaid programs, which has resulted in the Company refraining from bidding in certain jurisdictions and could further impact the Company’s ability to obtain or retain membership in its dual eligible programs. • In our Health Care Benefits segment, our customers have considerable flexibility in moving between us and our competitors. We may lose members to competitors with more favorable pricing, or our customers may purchase different types of products from us that are less profitable, adversely affecting our revenues and operating results. In addition, our Medicare, Medicare Advantage, Medicaid and CHIP products may be subject to termination without cause, periodic re-bid, rate adjustment and program redesign, as customers seek to contain their benefit costs, particularly in an uncertain economy. These actions may adversely affect our membership, revenues and operating results. • Our Health Care Benefits segment’s operating results and competitiveness is heavily impacted, in the case of Medicaid programs, by the sufficiency of the rates the states determine are actuarially sound based on experience from previous years. Such rate levels may not be representative of actual experience, and insufficient rates will negatively impact our revenues and operating results. • From time to time we request increases in our premium rates in our Commercial Health Care Benefits business in order to adequately price for projected medical cost trends, required expansions of coverage and rating limits, and significant assessments, fees and taxes imposed by federal and state governments, including as a result of the ACA. Our rates also must be adequate to reflect the risk that our products will be selected by people with a higher risk profile or utilization rate than the pool of participants we anticipated when we established pricing for the applicable products (also known as “adverse selection”), particularly in small group Commercial products. These rate increases may be significant and thus heighten the risks of adverse publicity, adverse regulatory action and adverse selection and the likelihood that our requested premium rate increases will be denied, reduced or delayed, which could lead to operating margin compression. • The competitive success of our Health Services segment is dependent on our ability to establish and maintain contractual relationships with network pharmacies. • The competitive success of our Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment and our specialty pharmacy operations is dependent on our ability to establish and maintain contractual relationships with PBMs and other payors on acceptable terms as the payors’ clients evaluate adopting narrow or restricted retail pharmacy networks. • In our PBM business, we maintain contractual relationships with brand name drug manufacturers that provide for purchase discounts and/or rebates on drugs dispensed by pharmacies in our retail network and by our specialty and mail order pharmacies (all or a portion of which may be passed on to clients). Manufacturer’s rebates often depend on a PBM’s ability to meet contractual requirements, including the placement of a manufacturer’s products on the PBM’s formularies. If we lose our relationship with one or more drug manufacturers, or if the discounts or rebates provided by drug manufacturers decline, our operating results, cash flows and/or prospects could be adversely affected. • If laws or regulations are promulgated that limit the number of PBMs available in a particular business or geography, competition in those businesses and geographies could be amplified and could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. • The PBM industry has been experiencing price compression as a result of competitive pressures and increased client demands for lower prices; pricing guarantees; increased revenue sharing, including sharing in a larger portion of payments, including rebates and fees, to PBMs and group purchasing organizations received from drug manufacturers; enhanced 36 service offerings and/or higher service levels. Marketplace dynamics and regulatory changes also have adversely affected our ability to offer plan sponsors pricing that includes the use of retail “differential” or “spread,” which could adversely affect our future profitability, and we expect these trends to continue. • Our retail pharmacy and specialty pharmacy operations have been affected by reimbursement pressure caused by competition, including client demands for lower prices, generic drug pricing, earlier than expected generic drug introductions and network reimbursement pressure. If we are unable to increase our prices to reflect, or otherwise mitigate the impact of, increasing costs, our profitability will be adversely affected. If we are unable to limit our price increases, we may lose customers to competitors with more favorable pricing, adversely affecting our revenues and operating results. • A shift in the mix of our pharmacy prescription volume towards programs offering lower reimbursement rates as a result of competition or otherwise could adversely affect our margins, including the ongoing shift in pharmacy mix towards 90-day prescriptions at retail and the ongoing shift in pharmacy mix towards Medicare Part D prescriptions. • PBM client contracts often are for a period of approximately three years. However, PBM clients may require early or periodic re-negotiation of pricing prior to contract expiration. PBM clients are generally well informed, can move between us and our competitors and often seek competing bids prior to expiration of their contracts. We are therefore under pressure to contain price increases despite being faced with increasing drug costs and increasing operating costs. If we are unable to increase our prices to reflect, or otherwise mitigate the impact of, increasing costs, our profitability will be adversely affected. If we are unable to limit our price increases, we may lose customers to competitors with more favorable pricing, adversely affecting our revenues and operating results. • Direct-to-consumer (“DTC”) sales of prescription drugs by pharmaceutical companies is a growing trend in the United States. By implementing DTC sales platforms, pharmaceutical companies can advertise, or sell, their own branded drugs directly to patients, bypassing traditional distribution channels and intermediaries, including pharmacies and PBMs. DTC platforms may also increase demand for expensive, brand-name drugs that may not provide significant clinical benefit over more cost-effective alternatives. As a result, the DTC trend may increase overall health care costs for consumers and adversely impact the performance of the Company’s Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness and Health Services segments. In addition, competitors in each of our businesses may offer services and pricing terms that we may not be willing or able to offer. Competition also may come from new entrants and other sources in the future. Unless we can demonstrate enhanced value to our clients through innovative product and service offerings in the rapidly changing health care industry, we may be unable to remain competitive. Disruptive innovation by existing or new competitors has altered, and is expected to continue to alter, the competitive landscape in the future and require us to accurately identify and assess such alterations and make timely and effective changes to our strategies and business model to compete effectively. For example, decisions to buy our Health Care Benefits and Health Services products and services increasingly are made or influenced by consumers, either through direct purchasing (e.g., Medicare Advantage plans and PDPs) or through public exchanges and private health insurance exchanges that allow individual choice. To compete effectively in the consumer-driven marketplace, we will be required to develop or acquire new capabilities, attract new talent and develop new service and distribution relationships that respond to consumer needs and preferences. Changes in marketplace dynamics or the actions of competitors or manufacturers, including industry consolidation, the emergence of new competitors and strategic alliances, and decisions to exclude us from new narrow or restricted retail pharmacy networks could materially and adversely affect our businesses, operating results, cash flows and/or prospects. A change in our Health Care Benefits product mix may adversely affect our profit margins. Our Insured Health Care Benefits products that involve greater potential risk generally tend to be more profitable than our ASC products, but ASC products continue to rise in popularity. We also serve, and expect to grow our business with, government-sponsored programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, that are subject to competitive bids, have lower profit margins than our Commercial Insured Health Care Benefits products and may introduce volatility in our cash flows from time to time. A continuing shift of enrollees from more profitable products to less profitable products could have a material adverse effect on the Health Care Benefits segment’s operating results. Our Health Care Delivery businesses face unique risks. Our health care delivery businesses, which include health risk assessments and primary care services, including senior-focused value-based primary care services for Medicare eligible patients, face unique risks which include, but are not limited to, the following: 37 • ability to recruit, retain and grow a network of credentialed, high-quality physicians, physician assistants and nurse practitioners to provide clinical services in highly competitive markets for talent, especially in light of possible changes to the U.S. immigration policies, rules, laws or orders; • successful challenges to the treatment of certain health care providers as independent contractors in many states, which could result in increased costs and subject the business to regulatory sanction; • dependence on a concentrated number of key health plan customers; • the quality of the information received about plan members of such health plans for whom Signify Health will seek to provide in-home evaluations and other services, and the regulatory restrictions and requirements associated with directly contacting plan members; • ability to perform and ensure the quality of health risk assessments; • ability to achieve and receive shared health care cost savings; • the regulatory and business risks associated with participation in certain government health care programs and identification of diagnosis codes related to risk adjustment payments under Part C of the Medicare program; • health reform initiatives and changes in the rules governing government health care programs, including rules related to the use of in-home health risk assessments for the purpose of capturing individual risk used to calculate an individual’s risk adjustment factor or a change to how patient-level risk is determined for CMS programs; • use of “open source” software in its technology, which may make it easier for others to gain access or compromise its proprietary technology; • ability to attract new patients, including Medicare-eligible patients, in a highly competitive market; • satisfying the enrollment requirements under government health care programs for physicians and other providers in a timely manner; • dependence on a significant portion of revenue from Medicare or Medicare Advantage plans, which subjects Oak Street Health to reductions in Medicare reimbursement rates or changes in the rules governing the Medicare program; • dependence for a significant portion of revenue from agreements with a limited number of key payors with whom Oak Street Health contracts to provide services under terms that may permit a payor to amend the compensation arrangements or terminate the agreements without cause; • dependence on reimbursements from third-party payors, which can result in substantial delay, and on patients, through copayments and deductibles, which subjects the Company to additional reimbursement risk; • under the fixed fee (or capitated) agreements Oak Street Health enters into with health plans, the assumption of the risk that the actual cost of a service it provides to a patient exceeds the reimbursement provided by the health plan; • reductions in the quality ratings of Medicare health plans the Company serves could result in a shift of patients from, or the termination of, a health plan the Company serves; • submission of inaccurate, incomplete or erroneous data, including risk adjustment data, to health plans and government payors could result in inaccuracies in the revenue recorded or receipt of overpayments, which may subject the Company to repayment obligations and penalties; • geographic concentration of primary care centers; • laws regulating the corporate practice of medicine and the associated agreements entered into with physician practice groups restrict the manner in which the Oak Street Health business is able to direct the operations and otherwise exercise control of its physician practice groups; • changes in the legal treatment of contractual arrangements with physician practice groups could impact the ability to consolidate the revenue of these groups; and • ability to maintain and enhance reputation and brand recognition. The additional risks faced by our health care delivery businesses may also compound, or be heightened by, many of our other risks, including the risks related to adverse economic conditions in the U.S. and abroad, cybersecurity and compliance with applicable laws and regulations, among others. Negative public perception of the industries in which we operate, or of our industries’ or our practices, can adversely affect our businesses, operating results, cash flows and prospects. Our brand and reputation are two of our most important assets, and the industries in which we operate have been and are negatively perceived by the public from time to time. Negative publicity may come as a result of adverse media coverage, litigation against us and other industry participants, the ongoing public debates over drug pricing, PBMs, government 38 involvement in drug pricing and purchasing, changes to the ACA, governmental hearings and/or investigations, actual or perceived shortfalls regarding our industries’ or our own products, including Medicare Advantage plans in general, and/or business practices (including PBM operations, drug pricing and insurance coverage determinations) and social media and other media relations activities. Negative publicity also may come from a failure to meet customer expectations for consistent, high quality and accessible care. This risk may increase as we continue to offer products and services that make greater use of data and as our business model becomes more focused on delivering health care to consumers. Negative public perception and/or publicity of our industries in general, or of us or our key vendors, brokers or product distribution networks in particular, can further increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our operating results and our stock price by: • adversely affecting our brand and reputation; • adversely affecting our ability to market and sell our products and/or services and/or retain our existing customers and members; • requiring us to change our products and/or services; • reducing or restricting the revenue we can receive for our products and/or services; and/or • increasing or significantly changing the regulatory and legislative requirements with which we must comply. We must maintain and improve our relationships with our retail and specialty pharmacy customers and increase the demand for our products and services, including proprietary brands. The success of our businesses depends in part on customer loyalty, superior customer service and our ability to persuade customers to frequent our retail stores and online sites and to purchase products in additional categories and our proprietary brands. Failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer preferences, spending patterns and evolving demographic mixes in the communities we serve, including shifts toward online shopping, or failure to maintain desirable selections of merchandise, store environments or guest experiences could adversely affect our relationship with our customers and clients and the demand for our products and services and could result in excess inventories of products. We offer our retail customers proprietary brand products that are available exclusively at our retail stores and through our online retail sites. The sale of proprietary products subjects us to unique risks including potential product liability risks, mandatory or voluntary product recalls, potential supply chain and distribution chain disruptions for raw materials and finished products, our ability to successfully protect our intellectual property rights and the rights of applicable third parties, and other risks generally encountered by entities that source, market and sell private-label products. We also face similar risks for the other products we sell in our retail operations, including supply chain and distribution chain disruption risk. Any failure to adequately address some or all of these risks could have an adverse effect on our retail business, operating results, cash flows and/or financial condition. Additionally, an increase in the sales of our proprietary brands may adversely affect our sales of products owned by our suppliers and adversely impact certain of our supplier relationships. Our ability to locate qualified, economically stable suppliers who satisfy our requirements, and to acquire sufficient products in a timely and effective manner, is critical to ensuring, among other things, that customer confidence is not diminished. Any failure to develop sourcing relationships with a broad and deep supplier base could adversely affect our operating results and erode customer loyalty. We also could be adversely affected if we fail to identify or effectively respond to changes in marketplace dynamics. For example, specialty pharmacy represents a significant and growing proportion of prescription drug spending in the U.S., a significant portion of which is dispensed outside of traditional retail pharmacies. Because our specialty pharmacy business focuses on complex and high-cost medications, many of which are made available by manufacturers to a limited number of pharmacies (so-called limited distribution drugs) that serve a relatively limited universe of patients, the future growth of our specialty pharmacy business depends largely upon expanding our access to key drugs and penetration in certain treatment categories. Any contraction of our base of patients or reduction in demand for the prescriptions we currently dispense could have an adverse effect on our specialty pharmacy business, operating results and cash flows. We face risks relating to the availability, pricing and safety profiles of prescription drugs that we purchase and sell. The profitability of our Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness and Health Services segments is dependent upon the utilization of prescription drug products. We dispense significant volumes of brand name and generic drugs from our retail, specialty and mail order pharmacies, and the retail pharmacies in our PBM’s network also dispense significant volumes of brand name and generic drugs. Our revenues, operating results and cash flows may decline if physicians cease writing prescriptions for drugs or the utilization of drugs is reduced, including due to: 39 • increased safety risk profiles or regulatory restrictions; • manufacturing or other supply issues; • a reduction in drug manufacturers’ participation in federal programs; • certain products being withdrawn by their manufacturers or transitioned to over-the-counter products; • future FDA rulings restricting the supply or increasing the cost of products; • the introduction of new and successful prescription drugs or lower-priced generic alternatives to existing brand name products; or • inflation in the price of drugs. In addition, increased utilization of generic drugs (which normally yield a higher gross profit rate than equivalent brand name drugs) has resulted in pressure to decrease reimbursement payments to retail, mail order and specialty pharmacies for generic drugs, causing a reduction in our margins on sales of generic drugs. Consolidation within the generic drug manufacturing industry and other external factors may enhance the ability of manufacturers to sustain or increase pricing of generic drugs and diminish our ability to negotiate reduced generic drug acquisition costs. Any inability to offset increased brand name or generic prescription drug acquisition costs or to modify our activities to lessen the financial impact of such increased costs could have a significant adverse effect on our operating results. The reserves we hold for expected claims in our Insured Health Care Benefits products are based on estimates that involve an extensive degree of judgment and are inherently variable. Any reserve, including a premium deficiency reserve, may be insufficient. If actual claims exceed our estimates, our operating results could be materially adversely affected, and our ability to take timely corrective actions to limit future costs may be limited. A large portion of health care claims are not submitted to us until after the end of the quarter in which services are rendered by providers to our members. Our reported health care costs payable for any particular period reflect our estimates of the ultimate cost of such claims as well as claims that have been reported to us but not yet paid. We also must estimate the amount of rebates payable under the MLR rules of the ACA, CMS and the OPM and the amounts payable by us to, and receivable by us from, the U.S. federal government under the ACA’s remaining premium stabilization program. Our estimates of health care costs payable are based on a number of factors, including those derived from historical claim experience, but this estimation process also makes use of extensive judgment. Considerable variability is inherent in such estimates, and the accuracy of the estimates is highly sensitive to changes in medical claims submission and processing patterns and/or procedures, turnover and other changes in membership, changes in product mix, changes in the utilization of medical and/or other covered services, including prescription drugs, changes in medical cost trends, changes in our medical management practices and the introduction of new benefits and products. We estimate health care costs payable periodically, and any resulting adjustments, including premium deficiency reserves, are reflected in current-period operating results within health care costs. For example, during the first quarter of 2025, we recorded a premium deficiency reserve of $448 million related to our individual exchange product line and during the second quarter of 2025, we recorded a premium deficiency reserve of $471 million related to our Group Medicare Advantage product line within the Health Care Benefits segment, primarily related to anticipated losses for the remainder of the 2025 coverage year. A worsening (or improvement) of health care cost trend rates or changes in claim payment patterns from those that we assumed in estimating health care costs payable as of December 31, 2025 would cause these estimates to change in the near term, and such a change could be material. Furthermore, if we are not able to accurately and promptly anticipate and detect medical cost trends or accurately estimate the cost of incurred but not yet reported claims or reported claims that have not been paid, our ability to take timely corrective actions to limit future health care costs and reflect our current benefit cost experience in our pricing process may be limited, which would further exacerbate the extent of any adverse impact on our operating results. These risks are particularly acute during and following periods when utilization of medical and/or other covered services and/or medical cost trends are below recent historical levels and in products where there is significant turnover in our membership each year, and such risks are further magnified by th
[...TRUNCATED...]