TICKER=D|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/D_2026-02-23.htm.gz
Item 1A. Ris k Factors The Companies’ businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve risks and uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. A number of these risks and uncertainties are identified below. There may be other factors, either not presently known or currently believed not to be material, that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in this report. For additional information concerning any forward-looking statement or projection contained in this report, see Forward-Looking Statements in Item 7. MD&A. Regulatory, Legislative and Legal Risks The rates of the Companies’ principal electric transmission, distribution and generation operations and gas distribution operations are subject to regulatory review. Revenue provided by the Companies’ electric transmission, distribution and generation operations and by gas distribution operations is based primarily on rates approved by state and federal regulatory agencies. The profitability of the Companies’ businesses is dependent on their ability, through the rates that they are permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their capital investment. At the federal level, the Companies’ wholesale rates for electric transmission service are regulated by FERC. Rates for electric transmission services are updated annually according to a FERC-approved formula rate mechanism, and may be subject to additional prospective adjustments and retroactive corrections. A failure by the Companies to justify the appropriateness of these rates or a change in FERC policy or the application of FERC policy could result in rate decreases from current rate levels, which could adversely affect the Companies’ results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. At the state level, Virginia Power’s retail base rates, terms and conditions for generation and distribution services to customers in Virginia are reviewed by the Virginia Commission in a biennial proceeding that involves the determination of Virginia Power’s actual earned ROE during a historic test period, and the determination of Virginia Power’s authorized ROE prospectively. Under certain circumstances described in the Regulation Act, Virginia Power may be required to refund a portion of its earnings to customers through a refund process and to reduce its rates. Virginia Power makes assessments throughout the review period and will record a regulatory liability for refunds to customers in any period such refunds are determined probable, which could negatively impact the Companies’ results of operations in the period recognized and to cash flows on completion of any biennial review. In states other than Virginia, the Companies’ retail electric base rates for generation and distribution services to customers are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to the statutes, rules and procedures of such states. Dominion Energy’s rates for gas distribution to retail customers are similarly regulated at the state level. If retail electric or gas earnings exceed the returns established by state utility commissions, retail electric rates or gas rates may be subject to review and possible reduction, which may decrease the Companies’ future earnings. Additionally, if any state utility commission does not allow recovery through base rates, on a timely basis, of costs incurred in providing service, the Companies’ financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows could be negatively impacted. Under certain circumstances, state utility regulators may impose a moratorium on increases to retail base rates for a specified period of time, which could delay recovery of costs incurred in providing service. Additionally, governmental officials, stakeholders and advocacy groups may challenge any of the regulatory reviews or proceedings referred to above. Such challenges may result in changes to the regulatory framework under which the Companies’ currently operate and/or lengthen the time, complexity and costs associated with such regulatory reviews or proceedings. The Companies’ generation business may be negatively affected by possible FERC actions that could change market design in the wholesale markets or affect pricing rules or revenue calculations in the RTO markets. The Companies’ generation stations operating in RTO markets sell capacity, energy and ancillary services into wholesale electricity markets regulated by FERC. The wholesale markets allow these generation stations to take advantage of market price opportunities, but also expose them to market risk. Properly functioning competitive wholesale markets depend upon FERC, PJM and/or ISO-NE’s continuation of clearly identified market rules. From time to time, FERC may investigate and/or receive requests from PJM or ISO-NE to authorize changes in market design. FERC also periodically reviews the Companies’ authority to sell at market-based rates. Changes by FERC, PJM or ISO-NE to the design of the wholesale markets or its interpretation of market rules, the Companies’ authority to sell power at market-based rates, or changes to pricing rules or rules involving revenue calculations, could adversely impact the future results of the Companies’ generation business. For example, in April 2024, FERC issued an order that accepted proposed changes to the PJM wholesale capacity market that significantly changed how a generation resource’s capacity value is calculated and decreased the total amount of capacity recognized in the PJM region as eligible to meet reserve requirements. In addition, changes to the interpretation and application of FERC’s market manipulation rules may occur from time to time. A failure to comply with these market manipulation rules could lead to civil and criminal penalties. The Companies are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject the Companies to monetary penalties. The Companies’ operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies. Such laws and regulations govern the terms and conditions of the services the Companies offer, relationships with affiliates, protection of critical electric infrastructure assets and mandatory reliability standards and interaction in the wholesale markets, among other matters. The Companies are also subject to legislation and associated regulation governing taxation at the federal, state and local level. They must also comply with environmental legislation and associated regulations. Some such legislation and regulation have not yet been finalized and changes in either interpretation or final laws or regulations could have a negative impact on the Companies. For example, the OBBBA and IRA include various provisions, such as investment and production tax credits and 25 corporate alternative minimum tax, that the Companies have considered in recording their provisions for income taxes. The ultimate impact of these tax laws is subject to pending guidance and interpretations that could adversely impact the Companies’ ability to qualify for and maintain tax credits, which could affect the Companies’ results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. Management believes that the necessary approvals have been obtained for existing operations and that the Companies’ businesses are conducted in accordance with applicable laws. The Companies’ businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if either of the Companies is found not to be in compliance. New laws or regulations, the revision or reinterpretation of existing laws or regulations, the imposition of new tariffs or changes to existing tariffs, changes in enforcement practices of regulators or penalties imposed for non-compliance with existing laws or regulations may result in substantial additional expense. Adverse developments in tax laws, credits or other incentives including changes in legislation, administrative interpretations or judicial determinations could result in modifications to business models or otherwise negatively affect the Companies’ financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. Recent legislative and regulatory changes that are impacting or could impact the Companies include legislation enacted in Virginia in April 2023, the IRA, the VCEA, the 2017 Tax Reform Act, the OBBBA and tariffs imposed on various components required for construction of the CVOW Commercial Project or imported solar panels by the U.S. government in 2025 and 2018, respectively. The Companies have been and may continue to be or become subject to legal proceedings and governmental investigations and examinations. The Companies may from time to time be subject to various legal proceedings and governmental investigations and examinations. For example, Dominion Energy, following the SCANA Combination, was subject to numerous federal and state legal proceedings and governmental investigations relating to the decision of SCANA and DESC to abandon construction at the NND Project. Dominion Energy spent substantial amounts of time and money defending these lawsuits and proceedings and on related investigations. In addition, juries have demonstrated a willingness to grant large awards in certain cases, including personal injury claims. Accordingly, actual costs incurred may differ from insured or reserved amounts and may not be recoverable, in whole or in part, by insurance or in rates from customers. The outcome of these or future legal proceedings, investigations and examinations, including settlements, may adversely affect the Companies’ financial condition, results of operation and/or cash flows. Construction Risks The construction of the CVOW Commercial Project involves significant risks. The CVOW Commercial Project is a large-scale, complex project. Significant delays or cost increases, or an inability to recover certain project costs, could have an adverse effect on the Companies’ financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. If the Companies are unable to complete the construction of the CVOW Commercial Project or decide in the future to delay or cancel the project, the Companies may not be able to recover all or a portion of their investment in the project and may incur substantial cancellation payments under existing contracts or other substantial costs associated with any such delay or cancellation. The Companies’ ability to complete the CVOW Commercial Project within the currently proposed timeline, or at all, and consistent with current cost estimates is subject to various risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond the Companies’ control. The construction of the CVOW Commercial Project is dependent on the Companies’ ability to maintain various local, state and federal permits, rights of way and other regulatory approvals and authorizations, including Virginia Commission approval for rider recovery of project costs. In addition, determination of costs allocated by PJM to the project for network upgrades remains subject to change, even after the CVOW Commercial Project is placed in service, as such amounts are driven by the ultimate costs of development of the transmission lines and related facilities that PJM determines is necessary to support various generation facilities within PJM, including the CVOW Commercial Project. The final determination of such costs is outside the control of the CVOW Commercial Project and may be impacted by events affecting the developers of such transmission lines, including any increases in costs for permitting, inflation, tariffs, supply chain constraints or other factors affecting the ultimate costs to complete such facilities. Also, the CVOW Commercial Project may become the subject of litigation or other forms of intervention by third parties, including stakeholders or advocacy groups, that may seek to challenge permits or other regulatory approvals received, including for routing of onshore electric transmission, which could delay or increase the cost of the project. For example, the estimated total project cost and expected placed in service date for the CVOW Commercial Project were negatively impacted by projected installation timeline changes arising from the temporary suspension of work from the BOEM Director’s Order issued in December 2025 until a preliminary injunction was granted by the U.S District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia in January 2026, which allowed work to resume. Any additional suspension of work orders could result in further changes to the estimated total project cost and/or the timeframe turbines are expected to be placed in service. The construction of the CVOW Commercial Project is also dependent on the ability of certain key suppliers and contractors to timely satisfy their obligations under contracts entered into or expected to be entered into. Given the unique equipment and expertise required for this project, the Companies may not be able to remedy in a timely and cost-effective manner, if at all, any failure by one or more of these suppliers or contractors to timely satisfy their contractual obligations. Certain of the fixed price contracts for major offshore construction and equipment components are denominated in Euros and Danish kroner. In May 2022, Virginia Power entered into forward purchase agreements with a notional amount of approximately €3.2 billion. Accordingly, to the extent the instruments do not effectively hedge the Companies’ exposure to these currencies, including by default of the counterparty, adverse fluctuations in the applicable exchange rates would likely adversely affect the cost of the CVOW Commercial Project. Similarly, adverse fluctuations in the price of fuel used for transportation and installation, would likely adversely affect the overall costs to construct the project. In 26 addition, the cost of the CVOW Commercial Project could be adversely affected by the impact of applicable tariffs, including any potential impact of Section 232 investigations. The Companies’ ability to recover unforeseen cost increases associated with construction of the CVOW Commercial Project is potentially limited which could negatively impact the Companies’ future financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. In accordance with the Virginia Commission’s December 2022 order, the Companies are subject to a cost sharing mechanism in which Virginia Power will be eligible to recover 50% of such incremental costs which fall between $10.3 billion and $11.3 billion with no recovery of such incremental costs which fall between $11.3 billion and $13.7 billion. There is no cost sharing mechanism for any total construction costs in excess of $13.7 billion, the recovery of which would be determined in a future Virginia Commission proceeding. In addition, the order includes enhanced performance reporting provisions for the operation of the CVOW Commercial Project. To the extent the net annual net capacity factor is below 42%, as determined on a three-year rolling average, Virginia Power is required to provide detailed explanation of the factors contributing to any shortfall to the Virginia Commission which could determine in a future proceeding a remedy for incremental costs incurred associated with any deemed unreasonable or imprudent actions of Virginia Power. Any such action by the Virginia Commission could adversely impact the Companies’ future financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. The Companies’ ability to invest the significant financial resources necessary for the CVOW Commercial Project is dependent on the Companies’ access to the financial markets in a timely and cost-effective manner. A decline in the Companies’ credit worthiness, an unfavorable market reputation of either the Companies or their industry or general market disruptions could adversely impact financing costs and increase the overall cost of the project. In October 2024, Virginia Power completed the sale of a 50% noncontrolling interest to Stonepeak. Virginia Power and Stonepeak will each contribute 50% of the remaining capital necessary to fund construction of the CVOW Commercial Project provided the total project cost, excluding financing costs, is less than $11.3 billion. For capital funding necessary, if any, for total project costs, excluding financing costs, of $11.3 billion through $13.7 billion, Stonepeak will have the option to make additional capital contributions. If Stonepeak elects to make additional capital contributions for project costs, excluding financing costs, in excess of $11.3 billion, if any, Virginia Power shall contribute between 67% and 83% of such capital with Stonepeak contributing the remainder. To the extent that Stonepeak elects not to make such contributions, Virginia Power shall receive an increase in its ownership percentage of OSWP for any contributed capital based on a tiered unit price for membership interests in OSWP as set forth in the agreement. Virginia Power and Stonepeak have the right to provide capital contributions for any total project costs, excluding financing costs, in excess of $13.7 billion. The inability of Stonepeak to satisfy its share of funding requirements in a timely manner could have a negative effect on the Companies. In addition, Stonepeak’s interests and objectives may differ from those of the Companies and, accordingly, disputes may arise that may result in delays, litigation or operational impasses. The construction of the CVOW Commercial Project involves the use of evolving turbine technology and takes place in a marine environment, which presents unique challenges and requires the use of a specialized workforce and specialized equipment. In addition, the timely installation of the turbines is dependent on the continued availability of a Jones Act compliant vessel currently under a 20-month lease agreement which commenced in September 2025 between Virginia Power and an affiliated entity. The timeline for construction of the CVOW Commercial Project may also be negatively impacted by severe weather events or marine wildlife, including migration patterns of endangered and protected species, both of which are outside of the control of the Companies and their contractors. The Companies’ infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval, including environmental permits, before commencing construction and completing projects. The Companies may not complete the facility construction, conversion or other infrastructure projects that they commence, or they may complete projects on materially different terms, costs or timing than initially estimated or anticipated, and they may not be able to achieve the intended benefits of any such project, if completed. A number of large- and small-scale projects have been announced, including the CVOW Commercial Project, electric transmission lines, facility expansions or renewed licensing, conversions and other infrastructure developments or construction. Additional projects may be considered in the future, such as those necessary to meet the projected demand growth driven by data centers and artificial intelligence, including to address the concentration of data centers primarily in Loudoun County, Virginia. The Companies compete for projects with companies of varying size and financial capabilities, including some that may have competitive advantages. Commencing construction on announced and future projects may require approvals from applicable state and federal agencies, and such approvals could include mitigation costs. Projects may not be able to be completed on time or in accordance with estimated costs as a result of weather conditions, need for new land and right of ways, delays in obtaining or failure to obtain or maintain regulatory and other, including PJM, approvals, changes in laws or regulations or other regulatory or administrative action or inaction, the outcome of legal proceedings and judicial actions, delays in obtaining key materials, labor difficulties, difficulties with partners or potential partners, concerns raised during stakeholder engagement, a decline in the credit strength of counterparties or vendors, inflation, the impact of applicable tariffs or other factors beyond the Companies’ control. As discussed above, the CVOW Commercial Project experienced a temporary suspension of work which impacted the expected project cost and timeline. In addition, Dominion Energy has been involved with other projects which have experienced certain delays in obtaining and maintaining permits necessary for construction along with construction delays due to judicial actions which impacted the cost and schedule such as the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project and ultimately led to its cancellation in July 2020. Construction projects necessary to maintain reliability and meet increasing demand may include the construction of dispatchable natural gas generation facilities which may be subject to additional challenges raised by advocacy groups which could adversely impact the timely receipt and maintenance of regulatory 27 approvals. Even if facility construction, expansion, electric transmission line, conversion and other infrastructure projects are completed, the total costs of the projects may be higher than anticipated and the performance of the business of the Companies following completion of the projects may not meet expectations. If these infrastructure projects are not completed, are delayed or are subject to unanticipated costs, certain costs may not be approved for recovery or otherwise be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms that may be available. Further, the Companies could become obligated to make delay or termination payments or become obligated for other damages under contracts, could experience the loss or reduction of tax credits or incentives, the inability to transfer related tax credits, or delayed or diminished returns, and could be required to write off all or a portion of their investments in such projects. Start-up and operational issues can arise in connection with the commencement of commercial operations at the Companies’ facilities. Such issues may include failure to meet specific operating parameters, which may require adjustments to meet or amend these operating parameters. Additionally, the Companies may not be able to timely and effectively integrate the projects into their operations and such integration may result in unforeseen operating difficulties or unanticipated costs. Any delays in the timely completion of necessary PJM interconnection projects for new electric generation facilities under development by Virginia Power, including the CVOW Commercial Project, may result in project delays and/or capacity constraints if, and until, such projects are completed. In addition, any increase in network upgrade costs allocated to any such new Virginia Power generation project, or delay in the completion of such necessary upgrades could, respectively, increase the associated project development costs and/or delay the project’s ability to participate in PJM’s capacity market as a capacity resource. Further, regulators may disallow recovery of some of the costs of a project if they are deemed not to be prudently incurred. Any of these or other factors could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the facility construction, electric transmission line, expansion, conversion and other infrastructure projects. The development, construction and commissioning of several large-scale infrastructure projects simultaneously involves significant execution risk. To achieve Dominion Energy’s commitment to net zero emissions by 2050 and comply with the requirements of the VCEA and projected demand while maintaining reliability, the Companies are currently simultaneously developing or constructing several electric generation projects, including subsequent license renewal projects at nuclear facilities in Virginia and South Carolina, the CVOW Commercial Project, the Chesterfield Energy Reliability Center, several electric transmission projects and various solar projects. Several of the Companies’ key projects are increasingly large-scale, complex and being constructed in constrained geographic areas or in unfamiliar environments such as the marine environment for the CVOW Commercial Project. The advancement of the Companies’ infrastructure projects is also affected by the interventions, litigation or other activities of stakeholder and advocacy groups, some of which oppose natural gas-related and energy infrastructure projects. For example, certain stakeholder groups oppose solar farms due to the increasing quantities of land tracts required for these facilities. Similarly, certain stakeholder groups oppose new natural gas generation facilities, such as the Chesterfield Energy Reliability Center. Given that these projects provide the foundation for the Companies’ strategic growth plan and are necessary to meet projected demand, if the Companies are unable to obtain or maintain the required regulatory and other, including PJM, approvals, develop the necessary technical expertise, allocate and coordinate sufficient resources, adhere to budgets and timelines, effectively handle public outreach efforts, including its commitment to fair treatment, community involvement and effective communication, or otherwise fail to successfully execute the projects, there could be an adverse impact to the Companies’ financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Failure to comply with regulatory approval conditions or an adverse ruling in any future litigation could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to execute their business plan. The Companies are dependent on their contractors for the successful and timely completion of large-scale infrastructure projects. The construction of such projects is expected to take several years, is typically confined within a limited geographic area or difficult environments and could be subject to delays, supply chain disruption, availability of critical components, cost overruns, inflation, labor disputes or shortages and other factors that could cause the total cost of the project to exceed the anticipated amount . Any of these events could adversely affect the Companies’ financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. Further, an inability to obtain financing or otherwise provide liquidity for the projects on acceptable terms could negatively affect the Companies’ financial condition, cash flows, the projects’ anticipated financial results and/or impair the Companies’ ability to execute the business plan for the projects as scheduled. Environmental Risks Compliance with federal and/or state requirements imposing limitations on GHG emissions or efficiency improvements, as well as Dominion Energy’s commitment to achieve net zero carbon and methane emissions by 2050, may result in significant compliance costs, could result in certain of the Companies’ existing electric generation units being uneconomical to maintain or operate and may depend upon technological advancements which may be beyond the Companies’ control. The VCEA establishes renewable energy and CO 2 reduction targets for Virginia Power’s generation fleet and grid operations, including the requirement that 100% of Virginia Power’s electricity come from zero-carbon generation by the end of 2045. The legislation mandates the development of 16.1 GW of solar or onshore wind capacity by the end of 2035, which includes specific requirements for utility-scale solar of 3.0 GW by the end of 2024, up to 15.0 GW by the end of 2035 and 1.1 GW of small-scale solar by the end of 2035. The legislation also deems 5.2 GW of offshore wind capacity before 2035 and 2.7 GW of energy storage by the end of 2035 to be in the public interest. The VCEA and related legislation also authorizes Virginia to participate in a program consistent with RGGI, requiring the purchase of carbon credits to offset emissions from Virginia Power’s generating fleet within the state. In January 2022, the Governor of Virginia issued an executive order which 28 put directives in place to start the withdrawal of Virginia from RGGI. In December 2023, the withdrawal took effect. Cost recovery for these initiatives will require approval by the Virginia Commission which may be denied or altered to the detriment of the Companies. For example, the Companies recorded charges in 2022 associated with the Virginia Commission’s approval in June 2022 of Virginia Power’s petition that RGGI compliance costs incurred and unrecovered through July 2022 be recovered through existing base rates in effect during the period incurred. In addition, permitting and other project execution challenges may hinder Virginia Power’s ability to meet the requirements of the VCEA. The Companies could face similar risks if there is further legislation at the federal and/or state level mandating additional limitations on GHG emissions or requiring additional efficiency improvements. Dominion Energy is working to achieve net zero carbon and methane Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions and material categories of Scope 3 emissions by 2050. To meet this commitment, the Companies expect to construct new electric generation facilities, including renewable facilities such as wind and solar, and have obtained or plan to seek the extension of operating licenses for the Companies’ nuclear generation facilities. The Companies also need to depend on technological improvements not currently in commercial development. Additionally, actions taken in furtherance of Dominion Energy’s net zero commitment may impact existing generation facilities, including as a result of fuel switching and/or the retirement of high-emitting generation facilities and their potential replacement with lower-emitting generation facilities. Further, the ability to realize this commitment will require the Companies to be able to obtain significant financing. These efforts will require approvals from various regulatory bodies for the siting and construction of such new facilities and a determination by the applicable state commissions that costs related to the construction are prudent. Given these and other uncertainties associated with the implementation of Dominion Energy’s net zero commitment, the Companies cannot estimate the aggregate effect of future actions taken in furtherance of this commitment on their results of operations or financial condition or on their customers. However, such actions could render additional existing generation facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect the Companies’ financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. There are also potential negative impacts on Dominion Energy’s natural gas business from its net zero emissions commitment as well as federal or state GHG regulations which may require further GHG emission reductions from the natural gas sector which, in addition to resulting in increased costs, could affect demand for natural gas. Additionally, GHG requirements could result in increased energy conservation and adoption of renewable products, which could impact the natural gas business. Dominion Energy’s renewable natural gas operations could be negatively impacted by factors affecting livestock owned by third-parties, changes in demand for renewable natural gas and/or changes in laws and regulations affecting such facilities. The Companies’ operations and construction activities are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs. The Companies’ operations and construction activities are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources and health and safety. Compliance with these legal requirements requires the Companies to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring, installation and operation of environmental control equipment and purchase of allowances and/or offsets. Additionally, the Companies could be responsible for expenses relating to remediation and containment obligations, including at sites where they have been identified by a regulatory agency as a potentially responsible party. Expenditures relating to environmental compliance have been significant in the past, and the Companies expect that they will remain significant in the future. Certain facilities have become uneconomical to operate and have been shut down, converted to new fuel types or sold. These types of events could occur again in the future. The Companies expect that existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised and/or new laws may be adopted, including regulation of GHG emissions, which could have an adverse impact on the Companies’ business. Risks relating to regulation of GHG emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric generating units are discussed in more detail above and below. In addition, further regulation of air quality and GHG emissions under the CAA may be imposed on the natural gas sector. The Companies are also subject to federal water and waste regulations, including regulations concerning cooling water intake structures, coal combustion by-product handling and disposal practices, wastewater discharges from steam electric generating stations, management and disposal of hydraulic fracturing fluids and the potential further regulation of polychlorinated biphenyls. Compliance costs cannot be estimated with certainty due to the inability to predict the requirements and timing of implementation of any new or changing environmental rules or regulations. Other factors which affect the ability to predict future environmental expenditures with certainty include the difficulty in estimating clean-up costs and quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liabilities on all responsible parties. However, such expenditures, if significant, could make the Companies’ facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect the Companies’ financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. The Companies are subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash. The Companies historically produced and continue to produce coal ash, or CCRs, as a by-product of their coal-fired generation operations. The ash is stored and managed in impoundments (ash ponds) and landfills located at 11 different facilities, including eight at Virginia Power. The EPA has issued regulations concerning the management and storage of CCRs, which Virginia has adopted. These CCR regulations require the Companies to make additional capital expenditures and increase operating and maintenance expenses. In addition, the Companies will incur expenses and other costs associated with closing, corrective action and ongoing monitoring of certain ash ponds and landfills. The EPA’s May 2024 final rule regulates inactive surface impoundments located at the retired generation stations that contained CCR and liquids after 2015, and certain other inactive or previously closed surface impoundments, landfills or other areas that contain accumulations of CCR. The Companies believe that they may have inactive or closed units or areas that could be subject to the final rule at up to 29 19 different locations, including 12 at Virginia Power. The Companies also may face litigation concerning their coal ash facilities. Further, while the Companies believe that they operate their ash ponds and landfills in compliance with applicable state safety regulations, a release of coal ash with a significant environmental impact could result in significant remediation costs, civil and/or criminal penalties, claims, litigation, increased regulation and compliance costs, and reputational damage, and could impact the financial condition of the Companies. Operational Risks The Companies’ financial performance and condition can be affected by changes in the weather, including the effects of global climate change. Fluctuations in weather can affect demand for the Companies’ services. For example, milder than normal weather can reduce demand for electricity and gas distribution services. In addition, severe weather or acts of nature, including hurricanes, winter storms, wildfires, earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters can stress systems, disrupt operation of the Companies’ facilities and cause service outages, production delays and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. Changes in weather conditions can result in reduced water levels or changes in water temperatures that could adversely affect operations at some of the Companies’ power stations. In addition, sustained changes in weather patterns could result in decreased output at the Companies’ renewable generation facilities. Furthermore, the Companies’ operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce, among other possible conditions, unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, abnormal levels of precipitation and, for operations located on or near coastlines, a change in sea level or sea temperatures. Due to the location of the Companies’ electric utility service territories and a number of its other facilities in the eastern portions of the states of South Carolina, North Carolina and Virginia which are frequently in the path of hurricanes, the Companies experience the consequences of these weather events to a greater degree than many industry peers. Hostile cyber intrusions could severely impair the Companies’ operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential information, damage the reputation of the Companies and otherwise have an adverse effect on the Companies’ business. The Companies own assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the operation of which is dependent on information technology systems. Further, the computer systems that run the Companies’ facilities are not completely isolated from external networks. In addition, the Companies’ operations utilize third-party vendors, which may also be subject to cyber security intrusions. There appears to be an increasing level of activity, sophistication and maturity of threat actors, in particular nation state actors, that wish to disrupt the U.S. bulk power system and the U.S. gas transmission or distribution system. Such parties could view the Companies’ computer systems, software or networks as attractive targets for cyber attack. For example, malware has been designed to target software that runs the nation’s critical infrastructure such as power transmission grids and gas pipelines. Emerging technologies, such as advanced forms of automation and artificial intelligence, which are subject to limited government oversight and regulations and evolve rapidly, may result in an increase in the frequency and sophistication of cyber attacks. The Companies’ businesses also require that they and their vendors collect and maintain sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss. A successful cyber attack through third-party or insider action on the systems that control the Companies’ electric generation, electric transmission, electric distribution or gas distribution assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the Companies from serving customers or collecting revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect the Companies’ ability to correctly record, process and report financial information. A major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial action, heightened regulatory scrutiny and damage to the Companies’ reputation. In addition, the misappropriation, corruption or loss of personally identifiable information and other confidential data at the Companies or one of their vendors could lead to significant breach notification expenses and mitigation expenses such as credit monitoring. If a significant breach were to occur, the reputation of the Companies also could be adversely affected. While the Companies maintain property and casualty insurance, along with other contractual provisions, that may cover certain damage caused by potential cyber incidents, all damage and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available. For these reasons, a significant cyber incident could adversely affect the Companies’ business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. The Companies’ financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and related services. Demand for the Companies’ services can be driven by changing populations within its utility service territories, significant new commercial or industrial customers or other changes in consumer habits. For example, data centers in Virginia Power’s service territory, particularly in Loudoun County, Virginia, have been a source of significant increase in demand which is expected to continue over the next decade. Technological advances may enhance energy efficiency in end-use devices, including lighting, furnaces and electric heat pumps and could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption. Additionally, regulatory and/or legislative bodies could introduce requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption. Consumer demand for the Companies’ services may also be impacted by any price increases, including those driven by factors beyond the Companies’ control such as inflation or increased prices in natural gas. Further, Virginia Power’s business model is premised upon the cost efficiency of the production, transmission and distribution of large-scale centralized utility generation. However, advances in distributed generation technologies, such as solar cells, gas microturbines, battery storage and fuel cells, may make these alternative generation methods competitive with large-scale utility generation, and change how customers acquire or use the Companies’ services. The widescale implementation of alternative generation methods could negatively impact the 30 reliability of the Companies’ electric grid and/or result in significant costs to enhance the grid. Virginia Power has an exclusive franchise to serve retail electric customers in Virginia. However, Virginia’s Retail Access Statutes allow certain electric generation customers exceptions to this franchise. As market conditions change, Virginia Power’s customers may further pursue exceptions and Virginia Power’s exclusive franchise may erode. Increased energy demand or significant accelerated growth in demand due to new data centers, expanded use of artificial intelligence, widespread adoption of electric vehicles or other customer changes could require enhancements to the Companies’ infrastructure. As discussed above, the ability of the Companies to construct new facilities is dependent upon factors outside of their control, including obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals and environmental and other permits. Any delays in, or inability to complete, construction or integration of new facilities or expand and/or renew existing facilities could have an adverse effect on the Companies’ financial results. In addition, purchased power from PJM or others may be from generation sources which emit more emissions than the Companies’ facilities, which could negatively impact Dominion Energy’s ability to meet its commitment to net zero emissions. Alternatively, reduced energy demand or significantly slowed growth in demand due to customer adoption of energy efficient technology, conservation, distributed generation, regional economic conditions or the impact of additional compliance obligations, unless substantially offset through regulatory cost allocations, could adversely impact the value of the Companies’ business activities. The Companies’ operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions and personnel issues which could negatively affect the Companies. Operation of the Companies’ facilities involves risk, including the risk of potential breakdown or failur
[...TRUNCATED...]