TICKER=DAL|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/DAL_2026-02-11.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors An environmental or other incident associated with the operation of the Monroe refinery could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results if insurance is unable to cover a significant liability. In addition, such an incident could damage our reputation. Monroe's refining operations are subject to various hazards unique to refinery operations, including explosions, fires, toxic emissions and natural catastrophes. Monroe could incur substantial losses, including cleanup costs, fines and other sanctions and third-party claims, and its operations could be interrupted, as a result of such an incident. Monroe's insurance coverage does not cover all potential losses, costs or liabilities, and Monroe could suffer losses for uninsurable or uninsured risks or in amounts greater than its insurance coverage. In addition, Monroe's ability to obtain and maintain adequate insurance may be affected by conditions in the insurance market over which it has no control. If Monroe were to incur a significant liability for which it is not fully insured or for which insurance companies do not or are unable to provide coverage, this could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results of operations or consolidated financial position. In addition, because of our ownership of Monroe, the occurrence of an environmental or other incident could result in damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. The operation of the refinery by Monroe is subject to significant environmental regulation. Failure to comply with environmental regulations or the enactment of additional regulation applicable to Monroe could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results. Monroe’s operations are subject to extensive environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention measures and greenhouse gas emissions, which are subject to change over time. Monroe could incur fines and other sanctions, cleanup costs and third-party claims as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental, health and safety requirements, which if significant, could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results. In addition, the enactment of new, more stringent environmental laws and regulations, including any laws or regulations relating to greenhouse gas emissions, could significantly increase the level of expenditures required for Monroe or restrict its operations. In particular, in administering the RFS, created by the U.S. Congress under the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, the EPA created a program to ensure compliance with RFS mandates for the blending of renewable fuels into Transportation Fuels. RINs are assigned to renewable fuels produced or imported into the U.S. that are blended into Transportation Fuels to demonstrate compliance with this obligation. A refinery may meet its obligation under RFS by blending the necessary volumes of renewable fuels with Transportation Fuels, by purchasing RINs in the open market, or by a combination of blending and purchasing RINs. Because Monroe is able to blend only a small amount of renewable fuels, it must purchase the majority of its RINs obligation in the secondary market. As a result, Monroe is exposed to the market price of RINs. Historically, market prices for RINs have been volatile, marked by periods of sharp increases and decreases, including in response to speculation about what the EPA and/or the U.S. Congress will do with respect to compliance obligations. We cannot predict these actions or the future prices of RINs. Existing laws or regulations could change, and the minimum volumes of renewable fuels that must be blended with refined petroleum products may increase. Increases in the volume of renewable fuels that must be blended into Monroe’s products could limit the refinery’s production if sufficient numbers of RINs are not available for purchase, or if relief from this requirement is not obtained, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results. Significant damage to our reputation and brand, including as a result of significant adverse publicity or inability to achieve certain sustainability goals, could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. Maintaining our reputation and global brand is critical to our business. We operate in a highly visible and public environment with significant real-time exposure to traditional and social media. Adverse publicity, whether justified or not, can rapidly spread, including through social or digital media. In particular, passengers can use social media to portray interactions with Delta, without context, in a manner that can be quickly and broadly disseminated. AI‑enabled tools may also be used to generate, manipulate or amplify inaccurate, misleading or fabricated content, including social media posts, images or videos, which may be difficult to promptly identify or correct. To the extent we are unable to respond in a timely and appropriate manner to adverse publicity, including content that is false or misleading, our brand and reputation may be damaged. Delta Air Lines, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K 20 Item 1A. Risk Factors Our reputation and brand could also be adversely impacted by, among other things, failure to make progress toward and achieve our environmental sustainability goals, as well as public pressure from investors or policy groups to change our policies or negative public perception of the environmental impact of air travel. Our climate strategy and transition plan is continuing to develop and evolve. We have established ambitious goals to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions, which we are unable to achieve using our existing fleet, current technologies and available fuel sources. Our ability to execute on such a plan and achieve our goals is subject to substantial risks and uncertainties, as it is dependent on the actions of governments and third parties and will require, among other things, significant capital investment, including from third parties, research and development from manufacturers and other stakeholders, along with government policies and incentives to reduce the cost, and incent production, of SAF and other technologies that are not presently in existence or available at scale. Significant damage to our reputation and brand could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results, including as a result of litigation related to any of these matters. If we lose senior management and other key employees and they are not replaced by individuals with comparable skills, or we otherwise fail to maintain our company culture, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We are dependent on the experience and industry knowledge of our officers and other key employees to design and execute our business plans. If we experience a substantial turnover in our leadership and other key employees and we are not able to replace these persons with individuals with comparable skills, or we otherwise fail to maintain our company culture, our performance could be materially adversely impacted. Furthermore, we may be unable to attract and retain additional qualified senior management and other key personnel as needed in the future. Delta Air Lines, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K 21 Item 1A. Risk Factors Risk Factors Relating to the Airline Industry Disease outbreaks or other public health threats, and measures implemented to combat them have had, and may in the future have, a material adverse effect on our business. The measures governments and private parties implement in order to stem the spread of a disease outbreak or other public threat, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and the general concern among travelers about such a disease outbreak or public threat have had, and may in the future have, a material adverse effect on the demand for worldwide air travel compared to historical levels, and consequently upon our business for an extended period. Our operations could be negatively affected further if our employees are quarantined or sickened as a result of exposure to a disease outbreak, or as a result of a similar public health crisis, or if they are subject to additional governmental curfews or " shelter in place " health orders or similar restrictions. Measures restricting the ability of our airport or in-flight employees to come to work negatively impact our service or operations, all of which could negatively affect our business. We are unable to predict the extent to which disease outbreaks or other public health threats that may arise in the future may change our customers' behavior or travel patterns, which could have a material impact on our business. The degree to which any future disease outbreaks or public health threats may impact our revenues, results of operations and financial condition is uncertain and will depend on future developments. Terrorist attacks, geopolitical conflict or security events may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Terrorist attacks, geopolitical conflict or security events, or the fear or threat of any of these events, could have a significant adverse effect on our business. Despite significant security measures implemented at airports and airlines, the airline industry remains a high profile target for terrorist groups and cyber threat actors. We rely on government-provided threat intelligence and utilize private sources to constantly monitor for threats from terrorist groups and individuals, including from violent extremists both internationally and domestically, with respect to direct threats against our operations and in ways not directly related to the airline industry. In addition, the impact on our operations of avoiding areas of the world, including airspace, in which there are geopolitical conflicts and the targeting of commercial aircraft by parties to those conflicts can be significant. Security events, primarily from external sources but also from potential insider threats, also pose a significant risk to our passenger and cargo operations. These events could include random acts of violence and could occur in public areas that we cannot control. Terrorist attacks, geopolitical conflict or security events, or the fear or threat of any of these events, even if not made directly on or involving the airline industry, could have a significant negative impact on us by discouraging or preventing passengers from flying, leading to decreased ticket sales and increased refunds. In addition, potential costs from these types of events include increased security costs, impacts from avoiding flight paths over areas in which conflict is occurring or could occur, such as flight redirections or cancellations, reputational harm and other costs. If any or all of these types of events occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The global airline industry is highly competitive and, if we cannot successfully compete in the marketplace, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely affected. The airline industry is highly competitive, marked by significant competition with respect to routes, fares, schedules (both timing and frequency), operational reliability, services, products, customer service and loyalty programs. Over the last 20 years, the industry has evolved significantly both domestically and internationally. Consolidation, international alliances, immunized joint ventures and subsidized government-sponsored international carriers have shaped the competitive landscape in the industry, resulting in airlines and alliances with significant financial resources, extensive global networks and competitive cost structures. Delta Air Lines, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K 22 Item 1A. Risk Factors Our domestic operations are subject to significant competition from traditional network carriers, including American Airlines and United Airlines, national point-to-point carriers, including Alaska Airlines, JetBlue Airways and Southwest Airlines, and other discount or ultra-low-cost carriers, including Allegiant Air, Frontier Airlines and Spirit Airlines. Some of these carriers have business models primarily focused on maintaining low costs, with the intention of providing service at lower fares to destinations served by Delta. In particular, we face significant competition at our domestic hubs and key airports either directly at those airports or at the hubs of other airlines that are located in close proximity. We also face competition in small- to medium-sized markets from regional jet operations of other carriers. Our ability to compete in the domestic market effectively depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a competitive cost structure. If we cannot maintain our costs at a competitive level, then our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our international operations are subject to competition from both foreign and domestic carriers, including from point-to-point carriers on certain international routes. Through alliance and other marketing and codesharing agreements with foreign carriers, U.S. carriers have increased their ability to sell international transportation, such as services to and beyond traditional European, Asian and Latin American gateway cities. Similarly, foreign carriers have obtained increased access to interior U.S. passenger traffic beyond traditional U.S. gateway cities through these relationships. In particular, several joint ventures among U.S. and foreign carriers, including several of our joint ventures as well as those of our competitors, have received grants of antitrust immunity allowing the participating carriers to coordinate networks, schedules, pricing, sales and inventory. In addition, alliances formed by domestic and foreign carriers, including SkyTeam, the Star Alliance (among United Airlines, Lufthansa German Airlines, Air Canada and others) and the oneworld alliance (among American Airlines, British Airways, Qantas and others) have enhanced competition in international markets. To a lesser extent, the airline industry also faces competition from surface transportation and technological alternatives such as virtual meetings, teleconferencing or videoconferencing. Increased competition from these sectors in both the domestic and international markets may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Extended interruptions or disruptions in service at major airports in which we operate or significant problems associated with a type of aircraft or engine we operate could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The airline industry is heavily dependent on business models that concentrate operations in major airports in the United States and throughout the world. An interruption or disruption at an airport or facility where we have significant operations, whether resulting from air traffic control delays, interruptions in other government services or staffing shortages (including as a result of prolonged government shutdowns), failure of computer systems or technology infrastructure, weather events or natural disasters, or performance issues from third-party service providers, if sustained for an extended period of time, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, the airline industry is heavily dependent on a limited number of aircraft and engine manufacturers whose products are subject to extensive regulatory requirements. Any significant problems associated with an aircraft or engine type that we operate, including new aircraft or engine types, such as design defects, mechanical problems, contractual performance by the manufacturers or adverse perception by the public leading to customer avoidance, or adverse actions by the FAA resulting in limitations on use or grounding could have a negative impact on our operations if we are not able to substitute or replace the affected aircraft or engine type. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The airline industry is subject to extensive regulatory and legal compliance requirements, which is costly and could materially adversely affect our business. Airlines are subject to extensive regulatory and legal compliance requirements that result in significant costs and may have material adverse effects on our business. For instance, the FAA from time to time issues directives and other regulations relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft that necessitate significant expenditures and could carry operational implications. We expect to continue incurring significant expenses to comply with the FAA’s regulations. In addition, a directive or other regulation that has a significant operational impact on us–including, for example, a temporary reduction in flights at high-traffic airports to address air traffic control staffing challenges–could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. Delta Air Lines, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K 23 Item 1A. Risk Factors Inefficiencies in the U.S. air traffic control system, which is regulated by the FAA, including outdated technology and inadequate staffing levels have resulted, and may in the future result, in delays and disruptions of air traffic, especially during peak travel periods in certain congested markets. Failure to implement measures to improve the air traffic control system could lead to capacity constraints as well as increased delays and inefficiencies in flight operations as demand for U.S. air travel increases, having a material adverse effect on our operations. Failure to update the air traffic control system in a timely manner, and the substantial funding requirements of an updated system that may be imposed on air carriers, may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Airport slot access is subject to government regulation and changes in slot regulations or allocations could impose a significant cost on the airlines operating in airports subject to such regulations or allocations or otherwise adversely affect an airline’s business. Certain of our hubs are among the most congested airports in the United States and have been, and could in the future be, the subject of regulatory action that might limit the number of flights and/or increase costs of operations at certain times or throughout the day. Air traffic control inefficiencies or inadequate staffing levels can also exacerbate these pressures. Other laws, regulations, taxes and airport rates and charges have also been imposed from time to time that significantly increase the cost of airline operations, reduce revenues or otherwise impact our business. The industry is heavily taxed. Additional taxes and fees, if implemented, could negatively impact our results of operations. As an international carrier, we are subject to a wide variety of U.S. and foreign laws that affect trade, including tariff and trade policies, export and import requirements, taxes, monetary policies and other restrictions and charges. In particular, the imposition of significant new tariffs or increases in existing tariffs with respect to aircraft or related parts that we are not able to mitigate could substantially increase our costs, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Some of our operations are in high-risk legal compliance environments. Failure to comply with trade sanctions and restrictions, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA") and similar anti-bribery laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions, as well as other applicable laws or regulations could result in litigation, assessment of damages, imposition of penalties or other consequences, any or all of which could harm our reputation and have an adverse effect on our financial results. In certain circumstances, we also may be subject to consequences of the failure of our airline partners to comply with laws and regulations, including U.S. laws to which they may be subject such as the FCPA. We and other U.S. carriers are subject to U.S. and foreign data privacy and security laws, as well as emerging laws and regulations governing the use of AI, that are not consistent in all countries in which we operate and which are continuously evolving, requiring ongoing monitoring and updates to our privacy, information security and AI governance programs. Although we dedicate significant resources to manage compliance with global privacy, information security and AI-related obligations, this challenging regulatory environment may pose material risks to our business, including increased operational burdens and costs, regulatory enforcement, and legal claims or proceedings. The airline industry is subject to many forms of environmental regulation, including but not limited to regulation of hazardous substances, increased regulation to reduce emissions and other risks associated with climate change. The cost of compliance with more stringent environmental regulations, failure to comply with existing or future regulations or failure to otherwise manage the risks of climate change effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business. Many aspects of our operations are subject to evolving and increasingly stringent federal, state, local and international laws governing environmental protection. Compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations could require capital investment and increase operational costs, and violations can lead to significant fines and penalties and reputational harm. For example, in 2024, the EPA finalized regulations defining certain PFAS as "hazardous substances" under CERCLA, and the EPA also finalized standards for regulating certain PFAS under the Safe Drinking Water Act. PFAS are man-made chemicals that have been used in a wide variety of consumer and industrial products, including the firefighting foams used to extinguish fuel-based fires at airports and refineries. Numerous states have also adopted regulations governing PFAS. The EPA’s final rule under CERCLA, and analogous state laws, could subject airports, airlines, and refineries, among others, to potential liability for cleanup of historical PFAS contamination associated with use of PFAS-containing firefighting foam. In addition, some states have adopted legislation prohibiting the manufacture, sale, distribution and/or use of firefighting foam containing intentionally added PFAS, which may require the transition to alternative fire suppression systems. Delta has developed and is implementing plans to transition the fire suppression systems in affected aircraft maintenance hangars to systems that do not contain intentionally added PFAS. The ultimate impact and associated cost to Delta of these legislative and regulatory developments related to PFAS, including firefighting foam, cannot be predicted at this time. Delta Air Lines, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K 24 Item 1A. Risk Factors Future regulatory action concerning climate change, aircraft emissions and noise could have a significant effect on the airline industry. In order to address aircraft carbon dioxide emissions, the International Civil Aviation Organization ("ICAO"), a United Nations specialized agency, formally adopted a global, market-based emissions offset program known as CORSIA. This program established a goal for the aviation industry to achieve carbon-neutral growth in international aviation beginning in 2021. Any growth above the baseline would need to be addressed using eligible carbon offsets and/or lower carbon fuel. ICAO set the baseline for establishing airlines’ obligations under CORSIA for 2021 to 2023 based on 2019 travel, and in 2022 set a new, more stringent CORSIA baseline of 85% of 2019, which will apply from 2024 through 2035. Because CORSIA has not yet been implemented in the United States and could potentially be affected by political developments in participating countries or the results of the initial phases of the program, the impact of CORSIA cannot be predicted at this time. However, compliance with CORSIA is expected to increase operating costs for airlines subject to the program that operate internationally. In addition to CORSIA, we may face a patchwork of regulation of aircraft emissions in the U.S. and abroad and could become subject to further taxes, charges or additional requirements to obtain permits or purchase allowances or emission credits for greenhouse gas emissions in various jurisdictions. For example, in 2023, the EU adopted updated legislation on the EU Emissions Trading System (“ETS”). That legislation continues in effect the so-called “stop-the-clock” provision whereby EU ETS does not apply to flights to or from locations outside the EEA, Switzerland or the UK until 2027. The legislation also provides for a review of the effectiveness of CORSIA in 2026 that could, if CORSIA is not deemed sufficiently effective, lead to the application of EU ETS to all flights departing the EU and EEA, which would increase costs. Also in 2023, the EU adopted legislation that established a SAF mandate on fuel supplied at EU airports. Beginning in 2025, the mandate required 2% of the jet fuel supplied in the EU to be SAF, and the percentage increases incrementally over time to 70% in 2050. This mandate has increased SAF prices in the EU for the airline industry. In 2024, the UK also adopted SAF mandate legislation, and other countries are also considering mandates. Additional regulation could result in taxation, regulatory or permitting requirements from multiple jurisdictions for the same operations and significant costs for the airline industry, including Delta. In addition to direct costs, such regulation could result in increased fuel costs passed through from fuel suppliers affected by any such regulations. While the specific nature of future actions is hard to predict, new laws or regulations related to environmental matters adopted in the U.S. or other countries could impose significant additional costs on or otherwise adversely affect our operations. Certain airports have also adopted, and others could in the future adopt, greenhouse gas emission or climate-related goals and requirements that could impact our operations or require us to make changes or investments in our infrastructure. We are monitoring and evaluating the potential impact of such developments. In addition to risks from potential changes to environmental regulation and policy, the transition to lower-carbon technologies, such as SAF, or changes in consumer preferences resulting from a negative perception of the environmental impact of air travel could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. For example, lower-carbon technologies such as SAF and direct air capture technologies are currently not available at scale and may take decades to develop, and the cost to transition to them could be prohibitively expensive without appropriate government policies and incentives in place. Because of the global nature of our business, unfavorable economic or political conditions in the markets in which we operate or volatility in currency exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result of the discretionary nature of air travel, the airline industry has been cyclical and particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions, as well as related consumer perceptions. Because we operate globally, our business is subject to economic and political conditions throughout the world. During periods of unfavorable or volatile economic conditions in the economy in the U.S. or abroad, demand for air travel can be significantly impacted as business and leisure travelers choose not to travel, seek alternative forms of transportation for short trips or conduct business using technological alternatives. If unfavorable economic conditions or negative consumer perceptions occur, particularly for an extended period, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, significant or volatile changes in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies, and the imposition of exchange controls or other currency restrictions, may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. Our international operations are an important part of our route network. Political disruptions and instability around the world can negatively impact the demand and network availability for air travel. Additionally, any deterioration in global trade relations, such as new or increased tariffs or other trade barriers, could result in a decrease in the demand for international air travel. Delta Air Lines, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K 25 