NO_RISK_SECTION|year=2024|cat=eu|path=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat3-european/DANSKE.CO/annual-text/2024.txt
---raw_excerpt---
MACRO RESEARCH

                                                                                                                          25 October 2024




Weekly Focus
Stagnant euro area economy supports gradual easing

The dollar continued its October rally, and yields edged higher this week. The moves            Key global views
reversed somewhat by the end of the week, as investors maybe questioning the
sustainability of the recent sharp rise in US rates. Oil prices retraced some of the decline    • Global manufacturing to gradually

from recent weeks which weighs on energy-importing currencies such as euro and yen. The            improve
latter has been the big loser in October in general amid the moderation in the Fed pricing      • Recession risk is still low
as US recession fears have been placed on the back burner.
                                                                                                • Fed and ECB to ease further at a
The modest growth trajectory in the euro area continues with the October composite                 gradual pace
PMI at 49.7 on the back of a weaker-than-expected service sector and a stronger-than-
expected manufacturing sector. Interestingly, German and French employment indices are
now below 50 in the service sector for the first time in four years. That said, the two         Key market movers
dominating economies are also the weak links in the euro area. The French service sector        • Sun: Japanese general election
in particular pulled activity lower, but since we compare to a September with Paralympics
in Paris, the world’s third largest sporting event, we think markets should have been less      • Tue: US JOLTS report

surprised by the weak service print. German data was better than expected with a                • Wed: EA and US Q3 GDP data,
reaccelerating service sector and manufacturing increasing from very low levels. Ifo data          German inflation
also confirmed the encouraging German signs with both the current assessment and
                                                                                                • Thu: BoJ meeting, EA inflation and
expectations moving higher, although from very low levels.
                                                                                                   unemployment, US PCE inflation
Largely the data aims with gradual ECB easing as we see it. That said, it does not keep
                                                                                                • Fri: US jobs report and ISM
investors from pricing in a growing probability of a jumbo cut in December and even a
                                                                                                   manufacturing
hawk such as Dutch governing council member Klaas Knot would not rule it out when
speaking this week.
The coming week will be eventful. In the euro area, we will look out for inflation and Q3       Selected reading from Danske Bank
GDP. In the former, gauging service price momentum will be key following a marked
                                                                                                • Research Global - Trump vs Harris -
slowdown in September. We suspect it was mainly a blip and expect service price
                                                                                                   what it means for US-China relations,
momentum to pick up again. We expect 0.2% Q3 GDP-growth supported by Southern
                                                                                                   22 October
Europe and the Olympic Games in France.
                                                                                                • US Election Monitor - The race
We also get a fan of key data releases from the US. On the labour market, we will look
                                                                                                   remains closer than prediction
out for the number of job openings in the JOLTS report, which is an important measure of
                                                                                                   markets suggest, 21 October
labour demand for the Fed. We think nonfarm payrolls growth slowed down to 130k (Sep:
254k) both due to weather-related distortions and less favourable seasonal adjustment. We
expect Q3 GDP-growth of 2.5% on annualized Q/Q basis (Q2: 3.0%).

In Japan, we will keep an eye on the general election on Sunday. Polls have indicated
the ruling coalition is in danger of losing its Lower House majority. This could compromise
the backing for further rate hikes from the Bank of Japan (BoJ). That said, the largest
opposition party, which has refused to enter the coalition, has a more hawkish stance on
monetary policies, so the consequences for potential rate hikes down the line are not clear.
We still look for another rate hike in December or January, but we expect the BoJ to stay
                                                                                               Editor
on hold on Thursday.
                                                                                               Director
                                                                                               Bjørn Tangaa Sillemann
                                                                                               +45 45 14 15 07
                                                                                               bjsi@danskebank.dk



.

Important disclosures and certifications are contained from page 8 of this report.             ht t ps :/ /r e s e a r c h.da ns ke ba nk.c o m
Scandi market movers

•    In Denmark, we receive unemployment rate on Friday. The preliminary
     unemployment indicator showed an increase of 900 persons from August to September.           Unemployment continues to increase at
                                                                                                  a muted pace
     That is highest increase m/m since July 2023.


•    In Sweden, the Economic Tendency Survey (NIER) released on Wednesday has
     recently shown mixed signals. In September, sentiment within the private services
     sector and retail trade both improved, with the retail trade sector being the only sector
     above the 100-mark, indicating growth territory. However, the manufacturing industry
     displayed further weakness at 95, with the construction sector at a particular weak level
                                                                                                  Source: Statistics Denmark, Macrobond, Danske
     of 84. This is despite data from Byggfakta that shows positive signs on building starts
                                                                                                  Bank
     although from low levels, but this has so far not been reflected in the sentiment in the
     NIER survey.

     Regarding the manufacturing side, the lower trend in the sentiment does not come as a
     chock as export orders (as measured in NIER) have been trending lower since June and         NIER shows mixed signals in
                                                                                                  sentiment
     been in negative territory since March last year. This is in contrasts to what hard data
     and PMI for the manufacturing side shows, which both indicates a levelling off in
     growth but still in growth territory. Next PMI figure will also be released next week
     (Friday).

     Employment on the other hand, offers a more optimistic outlook overall with plans to
     increase the workforce across the total industry. However, both the manufacturing and
     retail trade sectors indicate plans to reduce their workforces in the coming months. On
     the household front, sentiment has significantly improved over the past few months and
     is