TICKER=DASH|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/DASH_2026-02-18.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risk Factors Summary Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those outside of our control, that could cause our actual results to be harmed. These risks include the following: • We expect our results of operations to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis due to a number of factors, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance; • We have a history of net losses, we anticipate increasing expenses in the future, and we may not be able to consistently maintain or increase profitability in the future; • Our business may not continue to grow on pace with historical rates; • We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected; • If we fail to retain our existing merchants and consumers or acquire new merchants and consumers in a cost-effective manner, our revenue, revenue growth, and margins may decrease and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected; • If we fail to cost-effectively attract and retain Dashers or to increase the use of our platform by existing Dashers, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected; • We rely on merchants on our platform for many aspects of our business, and to the extent they fail to adequately maintain their service levels or materially increase the prices they charge consumers on our platform, our business could be adversely affected; • Systems failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our websites, mobile applications, technology infrastructure, or platform could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations; • If we are unable to make acquisitions and investments, or successfully integrate acquisitions into our business, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected; • Our international operations and any future international expansion will subject us to additional costs and risks and our plans may not be successful; • We have been subject to cybersecurity incidents in the past and anticipate being the target of future attacks. Any actual or perceived cybersecurity incident or security or privacy breach, particularly those involving our key systems, data, or critical third-party providers, could interrupt our operations, subject us to claims, litigation, regulatory investigations and liability, and adversely affect our reputation, brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations; • The impact of adverse economic conditions and other trends, including the resulting effects on consumer spending and merchant operations, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations; • If Dashers that utilize our platform as independent contractors are reclassified as employees under U.S. federal or state law, or the laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate, it could have an adverse effect that is material to our business, financial condition, and results of operations; • We are subject to various claims, lawsuits, investigations, and proceedings, and face potential liability, expenses, and harm to our business as a result; • Our business is subject to a variety of laws and regulations globally, many of which are unsettled and still developing, and any of which could subject us to legal claims, increased costs, operational burdens, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations; 10 Table of Contents • The multi-class structure of our common stock and the voting agreement and irrevocable proxy (the "Voting Agreement"), between Tony Xu, Andy Fang, and Stanley Tang (our "Co-Founders"), has the effect of concentrating voting power with Tony Xu, our co-founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Chair of our board of directors, which will limit your ability to influence the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval; and • The trading price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations We expect our results of operations to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis due to a number of factors, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance. Since launching in 2013, we have expanded our platform features and services, expanded into new categories, changed our pricing methodologies, and entered new geographies. As a result of these expansions and changes, as well as a variety of factors that may be out of our control, such as the macroeconomic and regulatory environment, our results of operations have, and we expect that they will continue to, vary from quarter to quarter and year to year. As a result, comparing our results of operations on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. In addition to other risk factors described elsewhere in this “Risk Factors” section, factors that may contribute to the variability of our quarterly and annual results include: • our ability to attract and retain merchants, consumers, and Dashers in a cost-effective manner; • our ability to successfully compete with current and future competitors; • our ability to successfully expand and manage our business in existing markets and categories and successfully enter new markets and categories; • the impact of acquired technologies and businesses and our ability to successfully integrate acquired technologies and businesses into our own; • the mix among various aspects of our business, including our Marketplaces and Commerce Platform, our U.S. and non-U.S. operations, our restaurant and non-restaurant categories, and contributions to our overall business by new products and services, such as our membership products and our advertising products; • the impact of worldwide economic conditions, and our ability to anticipate and respond to macroeconomic changes and changes in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including any resulting effect on consumer spending; • the impact of weather and seasonality on our business, including the effect of academic calendars on college campuses and seasonal patterns in restaurant dining; • our ability to maintain and enhance the value of our reputation and brand; • the success of our sales and marketing efforts; • the effects of changes in search engine placement and prominence; • our ability to keep pace with technology changes in our industry and to adapt to rapidly evolving trends in the ways merchants and consumers interact with technology; • our ability to develop and maintain a scalable, high-performance technology infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably handle increased usage, as well as the deployment and integration of new features, services, and technologies; • costs associated with defending claims, including intellectual property infringement claims, and related judgments or settlements; • our ability to hire, integrate, motivate, and retain talented technology, sales, customer service, and other personnel; • our ability to effectively adapt to and manage the regulatory environment and new laws related to our business, including, but not limited to, regulations regarding the classification of and the rates that we pay Dashers that utilize our platform, regulations governing our terms and transparency with consumers, and regulations impacting the commission rates we charge to merchants; • the impact of payment processor costs and procedures and any changes in the online payment transfer rate; • changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities; 11 Table of Contents • the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting; and • the effects of natural or human-made catastrophic events that may impact our business or have an impact on a more global scale. As a result of the changes to, and expansion of, our business, as well as risks and challenges that are outside of our control, we may not be able to accurately forecast our revenue and plan our operating expenses, which may harm our ability to achieve or sustain profitability or meet our forecasted cash flows. In addition, if we fail to meet or exceed the expectations of analysts that cover us or our investors, the market price of our Class A common stock could fall substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. We have a history of net losses, we anticipate increasing expenses in the future, and we may not be able to consistently maintain or increase profitability in the future. Prior to the year ended December 31, 2024, we incurred net losses in each year since our founding. We expect that our costs will increase over time and we expect to invest significant additional funds to grow our business. For example, we have expended and expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on developing our business, including expanding our platform offerings, developing or acquiring new platform features and services, acquiring and integrating technologies and businesses, attracting and retaining merchants, consumers, and Dashers, expanding into new markets and categories, and increasing our sales and marketing efforts. These efforts may be more costly than we expect, may not result in sufficient increased revenue or growth in our business to offset such costs, and may come at the expense of, or in lieu of, pursuing other strategic initiatives with higher potential returns on investment. Any failure to increase our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with our investments and other expenses could prevent us from achieving, maintaining, or increasing profitability on a consistent basis, which could also negatively impact our cash flow. Our business may not continue to grow on pace with historical rates. Our past revenue growth rate, growth in demand for our offerings, and financial performance may not be, and should not be relied upon as, indicative of our future performance. In particular, our revenue growth rate has fluctuated in prior periods, and it may continue to fluctuate over the short term and decline in the long term as the size of our business grows and as we achieve greater market adoption. We may also experience a declining revenue growth rate as a result of slowing demand for our platform, insufficient growth in the number of merchants, consumers, and Dashers that utilize our platform, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, our failure to capitalize on growth opportunities, increasing regulatory costs, or other reasons that may be identified in this "Risk Factors" section. If our growth rate declines, public perception of our business and the trading price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. The markets in which we operate are intensely competitive and characterized by shifting user preferences, fragmentation, and frequent introductions of new services and offerings. In particular, local food delivery logistics, the largest category of our business today, is fragmented and intensely competitive. Globally, we compete with other local on-demand delivery companies, such as Amazon, Uber Eats, Prosus, Delivery Hero, and other local incumbents. We also compete with merchants that have their own online ordering platforms, online ordering systems, merchants that own and operate their own delivery fleets, grocers and grocery delivery services, convenience stores and convenience store delivery services, and companies that provide merchant delivery services. In addition, we compete with traditional offline ordering channels, such as in-store dining, take-out offerings, telephone, and paper menus that merchants distribute to consumers. As we continue to expand to additional verticals, we may compete or come in closer competition with additional businesses with substantial resources, users, and brand power, including large e-commerce companies, large retailers, large grocery store chains and other large delivery service providers. Our current and future competitors may enjoy competitive advantages such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, market-specific knowledge, established relationships with local merchants and suppliers, larger existing user bases, more successful marketing capabilities, established geographic footprints and infrastructure, and substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources than we have. For example, with grocery delivery, we compete with established grocery chains that have strong bargaining power, established relationships with suppliers, and their own delivery fleets. Greater financial resources and product development capabilities may allow these competitors to respond more quickly and efficiently to new or emerging technologies and changes in merchant, consumer, and Dasher preferences that may render our platform less attractive or obsolete. If certain merchants choose to partner with our 12 Table of Contents competitors in a specific geographic market, if merchants choose to engage exclusively with our competitors, or if merchants decide to not partner with us at all, we may lack a sufficient variety and supply of merchant options or lack access to the most popular merchants, such that our offering would become less appealing to consumers. Our competitors have completed in the past, and may complete in the future, acquisitions or establish cooperative or other strategic relationships among themselves or with others, including by integrating their services or membership products with the offerings of another company that provides expanded distribution. Our competitors have introduced in the past, and may introduce in the future, new offerings with competitive price and performance characteristics or undertake more aggressive marketing campaigns than ours. Such efforts may lead us to lose consumers or access to new consumers or require us to increase our marketing or promotional expenses or otherwise increase investment in our service in order to maintain our position with existing and new consumers. Many of our competitors are well capitalized and may offer discounted services, lower merchant commission rates and consumer fees, greater incentives for merchants joining their platforms and independent contractors who provide delivery services, consumer discounts and promotions, innovative platforms and offerings, and alternative pay models, any of which may be more attractive than those that we offer. Such competitive pressures have led us, and may lead us in the future, to change our commission rates and fees or change our incentives, discounts, and promotions to remain competitive. Such efforts have negatively affected, and will likely continue to negatively affect, our financial performance, and there is no guarantee that such efforts will be successful. Local on-demand delivery services for food and the other areas in which we compete are nascent, and we cannot guarantee that they will stabilize at a competitive equilibrium that will allow us to maintain or increase profitability. Further, merchants could determine that it is in their best interests to develop their own platforms to offer online pickup and delivery rather than use our platform. It is relatively easy to switch between offerings in our industry. Consumers have a propensity to shift based on cost, quality, and selection and could use more than one local commerce platform; independent contractors who provide delivery services could use multiple platforms concurrently as they attempt to maximize earnings; and merchants could prefer to use the local commerce platform that offers the lowest commission rates and adopt more than one platform to maximize their volume of orders. As we and our competitors introduce new offerings and as existing offerings evolve, we expect to become subject to additional competition. Our competitors may adopt certain of our platform features or may adopt innovations that merchants, consumers, or Dashers value more highly than ours, which would make our platform less attractive and more difficult to differentiate. If we lose existing merchants, consumers, or Dashers that utilize our platform, fail to attract new merchants, consumers, or Dashers, or are forced to reduce our commission rate or make pricing or other concessions as a result of increased competition, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. If we fail to retain our existing merchants and consumers or acquire new merchants and consumers in a cost-effective manner, our revenue, revenue growth, and margins may decrease and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We believe that growth of our business and revenue is dependent on our ability to cost-effectively grow our platform by retaining our existing merchants and consumers and adding new merchants and consumers. An increase in merchants attracts more consumers to our platform and an increase in consumers attracts more merchants. This network takes time to build and may grow slower than we expect or slower than it has grown in the past. If we fail to retain either our existing merchants, especially our most popular merchants and our national brand partners, or consumers, the value of our network would be diminished. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses to acquire additional merchants and consumers with the possibility that the return on such investments will not be achieved in the expected timeframe or at all. If merchants on our platform cease operations, temporarily or permanently, or face financial distress or other business disruption, we may not be able to provide consumers with sufficient merchant selection, which may cause us to lose consumers or cause consumers to use our services less frequently. This risk is particularly pronounced with restaurants, as each year a significant percentage of restaurants go out of business, and in markets where we have fewer merchants. Similarly, if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining popular merchants, if merchants enter into exclusive arrangements with our competitors, if we fail to negotiate satisfactory terms with merchants, or if we ineffectively manage our relationships with merchants, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our agreements with partner merchants generally remain in effect until terminated by us or partner merchants, and partner merchants may generally terminate such agreements by providing us at least 7 or 30 days' advance notice. Changes to our business and to our relationships with some of our constituencies may also impact our ability to attract and retain other constituencies. For example, the increased growth of our membership products, and how compelling these offerings are to consumers, depends in part on our ability to sign up eligible merchants to our membership products. Additionally, many of our consumers initially access our platform to take advantage of certain promotions, such as 13 Table of Contents discounts and other reduced fees. We strive to demonstrate the value of our platform and offerings to such consumers, encouraging them to access our platform regularly or become a paid user of our membership products. However, these consumers may never convert to a paid version of our membership products or access our platform after they take advantage of our promotions. If we are not able to expand our consumer base, convert our consumers to regular paying consumers, or increase the spending of our current consumer base on our platform, demand for our full-price or paid services and our revenue may grow slower than expected or decline. If we fail to cost-effectively attract and retain Dashers or to increase the use of our platform by existing Dashers, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our continued growth depends in part on our ability to cost-effectively attract and retain Dashers who satisfy our screening criteria and procedures, and to increase the use of our platform by existing Dashers. Dashers have the ability to decline offers, stop using our platform entirely at any time, or choose to spend their earning hours on other opportunities outside of our platform. In addition, we may modify our logistics models from time to time and Dashers may or may not find such modifications useful or favorable. If we do not continue to provide Dashers with accessibility to and flexibility on our platform and compelling opportunities to earn income, we may fail to attract new Dashers, retain existing Dashers, or increase their use of our platform, or we may experience complaints, negative publicity, or work stoppages that could adversely affect our users and our business. Relatedly, if merchants and/or consumers choose to use competing offerings, we may lack sufficient opportunities for Dashers to earn, which may reduce the perceived utility of our platform and impact our ability to attract and retain Dashers. To attract and retain Dashers, we regularly invest in removing friction from the dashing process, offer monetary incentives and perquisites, and provide opportunities to quickly access Dasher earnings. We frequently test Dasher incentives with subsets of existing and potential Dashers; however, these incentives could fail to attract and retain Dashers, could fail to increase the use of our platform by existing Dashers, or could have unintended adverse consequences, including negative press, adverse reactions from existing and potential Dashers, and harm to our brand and reputation. Changes in, and variations in the interpretation of, certain laws and regulations, including immigration and labor and employment laws, or laws that require us to make changes to our platform that decrease or remove the accessibility or flexibility provided to Dashers in certain jurisdictions, may result in a decrease in the pool of Dashers, which may result in a decrease in the availability of local Dashers, increased competition for Dashers, or higher costs of recruitment and engagement. Other factors outside of our control may also reduce the number of Dashers that utilize our platform or the use of our platform by Dashers. If we fail to attract Dashers, retain existing Dashers on favorable terms, or maintain or increase the use of our platform by existing Dashers, we may not be able to meet the demands of merchants and consumers and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We rely on merchants on our platform for many aspects of our business, and to the extent they fail to adequately maintain their service levels or materially increase the prices they charge consumers on our platform, our business could be adversely affected. We rely on merchants on our platform to provide quality goods to our consumers at expected price points. If these merchants experience difficulty servicing consumer demand, producing quality goods, or meeting our requirements and standards, or price their goods on our platform at unreasonable rates, our reputation and brand could be damaged. An increase in merchant operating costs, whether due to inflation or otherwise, could cause merchants on our platform to raise prices, renegotiate commission rates, or cease operations, which could in turn adversely affect our revenue, operational costs, and efficiency. Further, some items on our platform are listed at higher prices relative to their in-store prices. This practice can negatively affect consumer perception of our platform and could result in a decline in consumers or order volume, or both, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Systems failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our websites, mobile applications, technology infrastructure, or platform could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. It is critical to our success that merchants, consumers, and Dashers be able to access our platform at all times and we expect to continue to make significant investments to maintain and improve the availability of our platform. Our systems, or those of third parties upon which we rely, may experience service interruptions or degradation or other performance problems because of hardware and software defects or malfunctions, distributed denial-of-service and other cybersecurity attacks, infrastructure changes, human error, natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, or other events. Our systems also may be subject to break-ins, sabotage, theft, and intentional acts of vandalism, including by our own employees. It may become increasingly difficult and expensive to maintain and improve the performance of our systems and the availability of our platform, especially during peak usage times, as our operations grow and the usage of our platform increases. Some of our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Our business interruption 14 Table of Contents insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses that may result from interruptions in our service as a result of systems failures and similar events. We have experienced and will likely continue to experience system failures and other events or conditions that interrupt the availability or reduce or affect the speed or functionality of our platform. These and similar events have resulted in losses in revenue in the past and in the future could result in significant losses of revenue, harm our brand and reputation, and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain merchants, consumers, and Dashers, including through users seeking other offerings during any periods of unavailability. Moreover, we have in the past voluntarily provided credits to consumers on our platform to compensate them for the inconvenience caused by a system failure or similar event, including for orders that are delivered late or orders that are cancelled by us or the merchant, and may voluntarily provide similar credits in the future. In addition, affected users could seek monetary recourse from us for their losses and such claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly for us to address. Further, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. A prolonged interruption in the availability or reduction in the availability, speed, or other functionality of our platform could adversely affect our business and reputation and could result in the loss of users. To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed, or continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. If we are unable to make acquisitions and investments, or successfully integrate acquisitions into our business, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. As part of our business strategy, we will continue to consider a wide array of strategic transactions, including acquisitions of, and investments in, businesses, technologies, intellectual property, services, talent, and other assets and arrangements that may complement or otherwise grow our business. We have previously acquired and invested in, and continue to evaluate, targets that operate in relatively nascent markets and there is no assurance that such acquired businesses, or any investment or strategic transaction that we enter into, will be successfully integrated into our business, generate revenue, or achieve any expected benefits on a timely basis or at all. Acquisitions and similar strategic transactions involve numerous risks, any of which could harm our business and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations, including: • intense competition for suitable acquisition and strategic transaction targets, which could increase prices and adversely affect our ability to consummate deals on favorable or acceptable terms; • transaction-related lawsuits, claims, or other liabilities; • difficulties associated with managing a larger, more complex, combined company; • difficulties integrating and realizing the anticipated benefits of new business models, lines of business, and adjacent technologies from acquisitions into our operations; • difficulties integrating the technologies and operations, including compensation structures, existing contracts, and personnel, of an acquired business; • difficulties retaining, integrating, and motivating key employees or business partners of an acquired business, and difficulties retaining or motivating our existing key employees or business partners after an acquisition; • difficulties retaining merchants, consumers, and Dashers, as applicable, of an acquired business; • challenges integrating internal controls, procedures, and policies and accounting, finance, and forecasting practices of acquired businesses with our own, especially in the context of international businesses; • challenges relating to the structure of an investment, such as governance, accountability, operations, expense sharing, and decision-making conflicts, that may arise in the context of a joint venture or other majority ownership investment; • challenges with integrating the brand identity of an acquired company with our own; • difficulties in operating a geographically dispersed organization, including as a result of different time zones, languages, and cultural, political, and business practices; • currency, regulatory, geopolitical, and compliance risks associated with non-U.S. jurisdictions and entry into new jurisdictions and markets; 15 Table of Contents • diversion of financial and management resources from existing operations or alternative acquisition or investment opportunities; • failure to realize the anticipated benefits or synergies of a transaction; • failure to identify and/or sufficiently mitigate against the problems, liabilities, or other shortcomings or challenges of an investment or acquired business, technology, or asset, including issues related to intellectual property, regulatory compliance practices, labor, litigation, privacy, security vulnerabilities, trust and safety practices, brand management, revenue recognition or other accounting practices, or employee or user issues; • the enactment of new laws or regulations that are adverse to an investment or acquired business, or impede our ability to achieve the expected benefits of such investments; • regulatory challenges from antitrust or other regulatory authorities that may block, delay, or impose conditions on the completion of a transaction or the integration of an acquired business; • additional stock-based compensation issued or assumed in connection with an acquisition or strategic transaction, which may in turn impact our stock price and results of operations; • as a result of an acquisition, third parties we work with or the acquired business works with may delay or defer certain business decisions, seek to terminate, change, or renegotiate their relationships with us or the acquired business, or consider working with a competitor instead; and • adverse market reaction to an acquisition. In contrast to mergers and acquisitions, strategic investments inherently involve less control by us over the business operations of the investee, thereby potentially increasing the financial, legal, operational, regulatory, or compliance risks associated with the joint venture or strategic investment. In addition, we may be dependent on partners, controlling shareholders, management, or other persons or entities who control them and who may have business interests, strategies, or goals that are inconsistent or competitive with ours. Business decisions or other actions or omissions of the partners, controlling shareholders, management, or other persons or entities who control them may adversely affect the value of our investment, result in litigation or regulatory action against us, and may otherwise damage our reputation and brand. Our ability to sell, transfer, or otherwise realize value from our investments may be limited by applicable securities laws and regulations. Entry into certain transactions with non-U.S. entities now or in the future may be subject to government regulations, including review related to foreign direct investment by U.S. or non-U.S. government entities. If a transaction with a non-U.S. entity is subject to regulatory review, such regulatory review might limit our ability to enter into the desired strategic alliance and thus our ability to carry out our long-term business strategy. We can provide no assurance that our strategic investments will generate returns for our business, or that we will not lose our initial investment in whole or in part. For example, during the quarter ended December 31, 2023, we recorded an impairment of $101 million associated with non-marketable equity securities that we acquired in connection with strategic investments. If we fail to address the foregoing risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and investments, our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our international operations and any future international expansion will subject us to additional costs and risks and our plans may not be successful. We have significant international operations, and we expect to continue to make significant investments in non-U.S. countries as part of our growth strategy. We currently operate in over 40 countries across the globe. Our operations outside of the United States require significant operating expenses and management attention in order to oversee operations over broad geographic areas with varying regulations, cultural norms, and customs, in addition to placing strain on our finance, analytics, compliance, legal, engineering, and operations teams. As a result of our international operations and our plans for investment in non-U.S. jurisdictions (both organically and inorganically), we have experienced, and expect to experience in the future, a number of risks, including: • difficulties in recruiting and retaining talented and capable employees in non-U.S. countries and maintaining our company culture across our employee base; • increased difficulty achieving profitability, operating leverage and scale as a result of continued expansion across jurisdictions rather than concentrated growth in fewer jurisdictions; • an inability to attract and retain merchants, consumers, and Dashers or an inability to reach agreements with and retain third party service providers; 16 Table of Contents • competition from local incumbents or other industry participants that better understand the local area and culture, may market, invest, and operate more effectively, and may enjoy greater local affinity or awareness; • differing demand dynamics and difficulty accurately predicting consumer preferences and purchasing habits, which may make our platform less successful; • difficulty localizing, or an inability to localize, services for merchants, consumers, and Dashers in non-U.S. jurisdictions; • difficulty complying with varying laws, regulatory standards or other requirements from applicable authorities across jurisdictions and obtaining any required government approvals, licenses, or other authorizations; • increased financial accounting and reporting requirements and complexities, including with respect to revenue recognition and similar accounting principles; • difficulties with communication and information sharing as a result of communication barriers, cultural norms and customs, the use of systems that have yet to be fully integrated, and differing legal, compliance, trust and safety, accounting, and financial standards, especially as it relates to compliance with laws, internal controls and processes, and financial reporting; • adverse tax consequences, including the complexities of foreign value added and digital services tax laws, and restrictions on the repatriation of earnings; • unique and varying terms and conditions and cultural norms in contract negotiations across jurisdictions; • varying payment cycles and difficulties in enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable; • varying levels of Internet and mobile technology adoption and infrastructure; • foreign currency exchange restrictions or costs; • operating in jurisdictions that do not protect intellectual property rights in the same manner or to the same extent as the United States; and • public health concerns or emergencies. If we are unable to manage these risks effectively, our international operations may not be successful, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, international expansion may subject our business to broader economic, political, and other international risks, including economic volatility, security risks, and geopolitical conflicts, and may increase our risks in complying with various laws and standards, including with respect to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, export controls, and trade and economic sanctions, such as U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control sanctions and similar European Union ("EU") sanctions. For example, our operations in jurisdictions that are in close proximity to Russia increase the difficulty in complying with trade and economic sanction regimes related to business with Russia. Our pricing methodologies are impacted by a number of factors, and we may not ultimately be successful in attracting and retaining merchants, consumers, and Dashers. Demand for our platform is highly sensitive to a range of factors, including the price of the goods delivered, the amount of compensation and gratuities required to attract and retain Dashers, incentives paid to Dashers, and the fees and commissions we charge merchants and consumers. Many factors, including operating costs, legal and regulatory requirements, constraints, or changes, and our current and future competitors’ pricing and marketing strategies, could significantly affect our pricing strategies. For example, some jurisdictions in which we operate have established minimum earnings standards for certain delivery workers, including Dashers, and other types of regulation, and we expect other such measures may be enacted in the future. These minimum earnings standards and similar regulations have caused, and may in the future cause, us to increase the fees we charge to consumers and merchants. Certain of our competitors offer, or may in the future offer, lower-priced or a broader range of offerings. Similarly, certain competitors may use marketing strategies that enable them to attract and retain new merchants, consumers, and Dashers at a lower cost than us. There is no assurance that we will not be forced, through competition, regulation, or otherwise, to reduce the price of delivery for consumers, increase the incentives we pay to Dashers that utilize our platform, further reduce the fees and commissions we charge merchants, or increase our marketing and other expenses to attract and retain merchants, consumers, and Dashers in response to competitive pressures. We have launched, and may in the future launch, new pricing strategies and initiatives, including Dasher or consumer loyalty programs, or modify existing pricing methodologies, the way in which fees, taxes, or similar items are presented on our platform, or our policies with respect to refunds and credits, any of which may not ultimately be successful in attracting and retaining merchants, 17 Table of Contents consumers, or Dashers and which may result in lower commissions or fees, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, our consumers’ price sensitivity may vary by geographic location, and as we expand, our business model and pricing methodologies may not be competitive in these locations. As a result, our continued international expansion may require us to change our operations and pricing strategies to adjust to different cultural norms, including with respect to consumer pricing and gratuities. Our assessments about optimal pricing strategy may not be accurate and may not enable us to compete in the categories and regions in which we operate effectively. There may also be errors or defects in the technology we use to set our prices, which could result in underpricing or overpricing our services. In addition, as the products and services on our platform change, we may need to revise our pricing methodologies. Any such pricing assumptions, technological errors or defects in pricing, or changes to our pricing methodology could adversely affect demand for our platform, our brand and reputation, and results of operations. We face certain risks associated with our pay models for Dashers. Our pay models for Dashers have previously led, and may continue to lead, to negative publicity, lawsuits, arbitration demands, and government inquiries. For example, under a former pay model for Dashers in the United States, we would increase the amount paid to Dashers on a delivery in cases when a consumer left little or no tip. Although this additional pay was intended to help Dashers by making every delivery economically worthwhile, it also had the effect of causing some people to be under the misimpression that not all tips were being received by Dashers. In addition, government authorities have brought claims against us related to a former Dasher pay model and government authorities may bring similar claims in the future against our pay models. We change our Dasher pay models, including changes to rate and fee structures, from time to time based on a variety of factors, including as a result of legal and regulatory changes and expansion into new categories and geographies. In particular, new or amended laws and regulations have required, and could in the future require, us to make changes to our Dasher pay models, or make other changes to our platform, that decrease the flexibility provided to Dashers in certain jurisdictions. These and other changes to our pay models have resulted in, and in the future may result in, negative publicity, including as a result of perceptions of complexity, inconsistency in earnings for Dashers, and lack of flexibility in the ways consumers can leave tips. Our current Dasher pay models, any changes made in response to new laws and regulations, and any future changes to our pay models or our ability to cost-effectively attract and retain Dashers, could result in an increase to the fees we charge to consumers, which in turn could affect our ability to attract and retain consumers, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, while we maintain that Dashers that utilize our platform as independent contractors remain independent contractors, there is a risk that Dashers may be reclassified as employees under U.S. federal or state law or the laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate. A reclassification of such Dashers as employees could require us to revise our pricing methodologies and Dasher pay
[...TRUNCATED...]