TICKER=DDOG|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/DDOG_2026-02-18.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties including those described below. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks or others not specified below materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline. Risks Associated with our Growth Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy, or reductions in information technology spending, could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our results of operations. 13 Our results of operations may vary based on the impact of unfavorable changes in our industry or the global economy on us or our customers and potential customers. Unfavorable conditions in the economy both in the United States and abroad, including conditions resulting from changes in gross domestic product growth in the United States or abroad, changes in trade policies, such as trade wars, tariffs or other trade restrictions or the threat of such actions, financial and credit market fluctuations, fluctuating inflation and interest rates, international trade relations, political turmoil, natural catastrophes, outbreaks of contagious diseases, warfare and terrorist attacks on the United States, Europe, the Asia Pacific region or elsewhere, such as the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, could cause a decrease in business investments, including spending on information technology, disrupt the timing and cadence of key industry events, and negatively affect the growth of our business and our results of operations. Such catastrophic and disruptive events have and may adversely affect workforces, economies and financial markets globally, leading to a reduction in the ability of, or the inability of, customers, partners, suppliers, vendors or other parties to meet their contractual obligations, and for a period of time, a reduction in customer spending on technology, and such conditions have and may reoccur in the future. For instance, there is currently significant uncertainty about trade policies, treaties, tariffs and taxes. Even in the absence of tariffs or other trade restrictions, the related uncertainty with respect to international trade may lead to continuing volatility in U.S. and global financial and economic conditions and commodity markets, declining consumer confidence, significant inflation and diminished expectations for the economy, and ultimately reduced usage and demand for our products. The war in Ukraine, conflicts in the Middle East and related political and economic responses such as sanctions imposed on Russia, may also exacerbate these issues and trends especially in these regions. In addition interest rates remain elevated, which may dampen economic growth and cause companies to moderate spending on information technology. These types of unfavorable conditions could disrupt the timing of and attendance at key industry events, which we rely upon in part to generate sales of our products. If those events are disrupted, our marketing investments, sales pipeline and ability to generate new customers and sales of our products could be negatively and adversely affected. Our competitors, many of which are larger and have greater financial resources than we do, may respond to challenging market conditions by lowering prices in an attempt to attract our customers and may be less dependent on key industry events to generate sales for their products. The increased pace of consolidation in certain industries may result in reduced overall spending on our products and solutions. We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown, instability, or recovery, generally or how any such event may impact our business. Our recent rapid growth may not be indicative of our future growth. Our rapid growth also makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. Our revenue was $3,427.2 million, $2,684.3 million and $2,128.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. You should not rely on the revenue growth of any prior quarterly or annual period as an indication of our future performance. Even if our revenue continues to increase, we expect that our revenue growth rate will decline in the future as a result of a variety of factors, including the maturation of our business. Overall growth of our revenue depends on a number of factors, including our ability to: • price our products effectively so that we are able to attract new customers and expand sales to our existing customers; • expand the functionality and use cases for the products we offer on our platform; • maintain and expand the rates at which customers purchase and renew subscriptions to our platform; • provide our customers with support that meets their needs; • continue to introduce our products to new markets outside of the United States; • successfully identify and acquire or invest in businesses, products or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our platform; and • increase awareness of our brand on a global basis and successfully compete with other companies. Additional factors that may impact the growth of our revenue are described under Part I — Item 1. Business in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We may not successfully accomplish any of these objectives, and as a result, it is difficult for us to forecast our future results of operations. If the assumptions that we use to plan our business are incorrect or change in reaction to changes in our market, or if we are unable to maintain consistent revenue or revenue growth, our stock price could be volatile, and it may be difficult to achieve and maintain profitability. You should not rely on our revenue for any prior quarterly or annual periods as any indication of our future revenue or revenue growth. In addition, we expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on: 14 • our technology infrastructure, including systems architecture, scalability, availability, performance and security; • our sales and marketing organization to engage our existing and prospective customers, increase brand awareness and drive adoption of our products; • product development, including investments in our product development team and the development of new products and new functionality for our platform as well as investments in further optimizing our existing products and infrastructure; • acquisitions or strategic investments; • international expansion; and • general administration. These investments may not result in increased revenue growth in our business. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. In future periods if our revenue growth does not meet our expectations or increase at a rate sufficient to offset the expected increase in our costs, our business, financial position and results of operations may be harmed, and we may not maintain profitability in the future. We have a history of operating losses and may not sustain profitability in the future. Prior to the year ended December 31, 2023, we incurred net losses in each fiscal year since our inception, including a net loss of $(50.2) million in the year ended December 31, 2022. While we have experienced significant revenue growth in recent periods and periods of profitability, we are not certain whether or when we will obtain a high enough volume of sales to sustain or increase our growth or maintain profitability in the future. We also expect our costs and expenses to increase in future periods, which could negatively affect our future results of operations if our revenue does not increase. In particular, we intend to continue to expend significant funds to further develop our platform, including by introducing new products and functionality, and to expand our inside and field sales teams and customer success team to drive new customer adoption, expand use cases and integrations, and support international expansion. We will also face increased compliance costs associated with growth and the expansion of our customer base. Our efforts to grow our business may be costlier than we expect, or the rate of our growth in revenue may be slower than we expect, and we may not be able to increase our revenue enough to offset our increased operating expenses. We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including the other risks described herein, and unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications or delays, and other unknown events. If we are unable to sustain profitability, the value of our business and Class A common stock may significantly decrease. We have a limited operating history at our current scale, which makes it difficult to forecast our future results of operations. As a result of our limited operating history at our current scale and the introduction of several new products in recent years, our ability to accurately forecast our future results of operations is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. Our historical revenue growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Further, in future periods, our revenue growth could slow or our revenue could decline for a number of reasons, including slowing demand for our products, increasing competition, changes to technology, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, or our failure, for any reason, to continue to take advantage of growth opportunities. We have also encountered, and will continue to encounter, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such as the risks and uncertainties described herein. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties and our future revenue growth are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations, and our business could suffer. We may require additional capital to support the growth of our business, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 15 We have funded our operations since inception primarily through equity and debt financings and sales of our products. We cannot be certain if our operations will continue to generate sufficient cash to fully fund our ongoing operations or the growth of our business. We intend to continue to make investments to support our business, which may require us to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. Additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to invest in future growth opportunities, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. If we incur additional debt, the debt holders would have rights senior to holders of common stock to make claims on our assets, and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations, including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. Because our decision to issue securities in the future will depend on numerous considerations, including factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of any future issuances of debt or equity securities. As a result, our stockholders bear the risk of future issuances of debt or equity securities reducing the value of our common stock and diluting their interests. See also "Risks Related to Our Outstanding Notes." Strategic and Operational Risks Our business depends on our existing customers purchasing additional subscriptions and products from us and renewing their subscriptions. If our customers do not renew or expand their subscriptions with us, or decrease their spend on our products, our future operating results would be harmed. Our future success depends in part on our ability to sell additional subscriptions and products to our existing customers, and our customers renewing their subscriptions when the contract term expires. The terms of our subscription agreements are primarily monthly or annual, with some quarterly, semiannual and multi-year. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our products after the expiration of their subscription period. In order for us to maintain or improve our results of operations, it is important that our customers renew or expand their subscriptions with us. Whether our customers renew or expand their subscriptions with us may be impacted by a number of factors, including business strength or weakness of our customers, customer usage, customer satisfaction with our products and platform capabilities and customer support, our prices, the capabilities and prices of competing products, mergers and acquisitions affecting our customer base, consolidation of affiliates’ multiple paid business accounts into a single paid business account, or reductions in our customers’ spending on IT solutions or their spending levels generally. These factors may be exacerbated by unfavorable conditions in the economy, see “Risks Associated with our Growth—Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy, or reductions in information technology spending, could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our results of operations” above. These factors may also be exacerbated if, consistent with our growth strategy, our customer base continues to grow to encompass larger enterprises, which may also require more sophisticated and costly sales efforts. Certain customers and cohorts of customers in specific industries have or in the future may increase usage of our product and then seek to optimize their usage, renew their subscriptions on terms less favorable to us, or not renew their subscriptions, which may result in revenue volatility. For example, in prior periods customers in our cloud-native cohort, and more recently larger customers in our AI-native cohort, which cohort includes our largest customer and represented approximately seven percentage points of our year-over-year revenue growth for the quarter ended December 31, 2025, have rapidly increased their usage of our product and then optimized or may in the future optimize their usage or fail to renew their subscriptions. If our customers do not purchase additional subscriptions and products from us, reduce their usage, fail to renew their subscriptions or renew on different terms, our revenue and dollar-based net retention may decline and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed. If we are unable to attract new customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. To increase our revenue, we must continue to attract new customers. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the widespread adoption of our platform and products as an alternative to existing solutions. Many enterprises have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to integrate traditional on-premise architectures into their businesses and, therefore, may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate to cloud computing. Further, the adoption of SaaS business software may be slower in industries with heightened data security interests or business practices requiring highly-customizable application software. In addition, as our market matures, our products evolve, and competitors introduce lower cost or differentiated products that are perceived to compete with our platform and products, our ability to sell subscriptions for our products could be impaired. Similarly, our subscription sales could be adversely affected if customers or users within these organizations perceive that features incorporated into competitive products reduce the need for our products or if they prefer to purchase other products that are bundled with solutions offered by other companies that operate in adjacent markets and compete with our products. As a result of these and other factors, we may be unable to attract new customers, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 16 Failure to effectively develop and expand our sales and marketing capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our products. Our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our products and platform capabilities will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our sales and marketing organization. We plan to continue expanding our direct sales force, both domestically and internationally. We also plan to dedicate significant resources to sales and marketing programs. All of these efforts will require us to invest significant financial and other resources, including in channels in which we have limited or no experience to date. Our business and results of operations will be harmed if our sales and marketing efforts do not generate significant increases in revenue or increases in revenue that are smaller than anticipated. We may not achieve anticipated revenue growth from expanding our sales force if we are unable to hire, develop, integrate and retain talented and effective sales personnel, if our new and existing sales personnel, on the whole, are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time, or if our sales and marketing programs are not effective. If we or the third-parties with whom we work experience, or are unable to protect against cyber-attacks, ransomware, security incidents, or security breaches, or if unauthorized parties otherwise obtain access to or otherwise compromise our customers’ data, our data, or our platform and information technology systems, then our solution may be perceived as not being secure, our reputation may be harmed, demand for our platform and products may be reduced, and we may incur significant liabilities or additional expenses. We collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of and share personal, confidential, and proprietary information and other information (collectively, sensitive information) necessary to provide our services, to operate our business, for legal and marketing purposes, and for other business-related purposes. Our platform and products involve the storage and transmission of data, including personal information, and security breaches or unauthorized access to our platform and products, or those of the third-parties with whom we work, could result in the unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to sensitive information including our customers' data. Consequently, we may be subject to significant litigation, indemnity obligations, fines, penalties, disputes, investigations and other liabilities. We have previously and may in the future become the target of cyber-attacks by third parties, including without limitation nation-state actors, seeking to gain unauthorized access to and exfiltrate our or our customers’ data, including confidential and personal information, or to disrupt our ability to provide our services. Cyber-attacks, computer malware, viruses, employee mistakes or malfeasance, social engineering (including through deep fakes and spear phishing), malicious code, denial-of-service attacks, credential harvesting and general hacking have become more prevalent in our industry, particularly against cloud services, and have become enhanced or facilitated by artificial intelligence. Ransomware attacks, including those from organized criminal threat actors, nation-states and nation-state supported actors, are prevalent and can lead to significant interruptions, delays, or outages in our operations, loss of data (including customer data), loss of income, significant extra expenses to restore data or systems, reputational loss and the diversion of funds. To alleviate the financial, operational and reputational impact of a ransomware attack it may be preferable to make extortion payments, but we may be unwilling or unable to do so (including, for example, if applicable laws or regulations prohibit such payments). In addition, many of our employees work remotely and utilize network connections, computers and devices outside our premises or network, which may pose additional data security risks (including, for example, the increasing number of phishing and malicious emails we continue to receive). The reliability and continuous availability of our platform is critical to our success. We use third-parties, including sub-processors, to help us deliver services to our customers. These vendors, such as cloud infrastructure providers, store or process personal and confidential information for us or our customers. We use third-party technology, systems and services in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, cloud infrastructure, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, back-office support, credit card processing and other functions. While we have taken steps designed to protect the confidential and personal information that we have access to, our security measures or those of the third-parties with whom we work that store or otherwise process certain of our and our customers’ data on our behalf could be breached or we could suffer a loss of our or our customers’ data. Our ability to monitor these third-parties’ data security is limited, and they may not have adequate information security measures in place. Similarly, supply chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our platform, systems and networks or the systems and networks of third parties that support us and our services. Despite the security controls we have in place, such attacks are very difficult to avoid. 17 There can be no assurance that any security measures that we or the third-parties with whom we work have implemented will be effective against current or future security threats. While we have developed systems and processes designed to protect the integrity, confidentiality, and security of our and our customers’ data, our security measures or those of the third-parties with whom we work could fail and result in unauthorized access to or disclosure, modification, misuse, loss or destruction of such data. Third parties may also conduct attacks designed to temporarily deny customers access to our cloud services. Any security breach or other security incident, or the perception that one has occurred, could result in a loss of customer confidence in the security of our platform and damage to our brand, reduce the demand for our products, disrupt normal business operations, require us to spend material resources to investigate or correct the breach and to prevent future security breaches and incidents, expose us to legal liabilities, including litigation, regulatory enforcement, and indemnity obligations, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These risks are likely to increase as we continue to grow and process, store, and transmit increasingly large amounts of data. In addition, we do not directly control content that our customers store in our products. If our customers use our products for the collection, transmission or storage of personal information and our security measures are or are believed to have been breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, our reputation could be damaged, our business may suffer, and we could incur significant liability. Our remediation efforts may not be successful. We employ a shared responsibility model where our customers are responsible for using, configuring, and otherwise implementing security measures related to our platform, services, and products. As part of this shared responsibility security model, we make certain security features available to our customers that can be implemented at our customers’ discretion, or identify security areas or measures for which our customers are responsible. In certain cases our customers may choose not to implement, or may incorrectly implement, those features or measures, misuse our services, or otherwise experience their own vulnerabilities, policy violations, credential exposure, or security incidents. Even if we are not the cause of a resulting customer security issue or incident, our customer relationships, reputation, and business may be adversely impacted. Some of our customers may be subject to the EU’s Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) and similar regulatory requirements in the United Kingdom related to operational resilience, which has led and will lead certain of our customers to negotiate additional specific provisions with us, including certain mandatory risk management, transparency and continuity provisions. If we fail to materially comply with these contractual requirements, we may be subject to investigations, audits or other adverse consequences. We also process, store and transmit our own data as part of our business and operations. This data includes personal, confidential or proprietary information. We may expend significant resources, fundamentally change our business activities and practices, or modify our operations or information technology in an effort to protect against security incidents and to mitigate, detect, and remediate actual and potential vulnerabilities. We take steps designed to detect, mitigate, and remediate vulnerabilities in our information systems (such as our hardware and/or software, including that of third parties with whom we work). We may not, however, detect and remediate all such vulnerabilities on a timely basis. Among other things, our applications, systems, networks, software, other computer assets and physical facilities have been and in the future could be breached or could otherwise malfunction or fail, or the sensitive information that we store could be otherwise compromised due to employee error or malfeasance, if, for example, third parties fraudulently induce our employees or our members to disclose information or user names and/or passwords, or otherwise compromise the security of our networks, systems and/or physical facilities. For example, in April 2025, we notified customers of access by an unauthorized third party to a number of Datadog source code repositories arising from compromised employee account credentials. After discovering the access, we revoked the credentials and terminated the unauthorized access. However, such unauthorized access may increase our vulnerability to certain attacks at a later date through exploitation of our source code, including the exploitation of potential vulnerabilities in the Datadog platform or products, or information stored within the source code. Additionally, from time to time employees or service providers may inadvertently misconfigure resources or misdirect certain communications, leading to security vulnerabilities or incidents that we must then expend effort and incur expenses to correct. 18 We may have contractual and other legal obligations, or we may voluntarily choose, to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. For instance, most jurisdictions have enacted laws, such as the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, requiring companies to notify individuals, regulatory authorities, and others of security breaches involving certain types of data. Such mandatory contractual and legal disclosures are costly, could lead to negative publicity, may cause our customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to respond to and/or alleviate problems caused by the actual or perceived security breach, and any failure to provide appropriate notice may violate the terms of our customer contracts. Applicable laws, our contracts and our representations require us to implement and maintain industry-standard or reasonable measures to safeguard personal information or confidential information. A security breach could lead to claims by our customers, or other relevant stakeholders, that we have failed to comply with such legal or contractual obligations. As a result, we could be subject to legal action or our customers could end their relationships with us. Further, our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that any limitations of liability would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages. The costs to respond to a security breach and/or mitigate any security vulnerabilities that may be identified could be significant, our efforts to address these problems may not be successful, and these problems could result in unexpected interruptions, delays, cessation of service, negative publicity, and other harm to our business and our competitive position. We could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices in response to a security breach or related regulatory actions or litigation, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Additionally, we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate or sufficient for fines, judgments, settlements, penalties, costs, attorney fees and other impacts that arise out of privacy or security incidents or breaches. If the impacts of a privacy or security incident or breach, or the successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or results in changes to our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements), it could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, we cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage, cyber coverage and coverage for errors and omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. Our risks are likely to increase as we continue to expand, grow our customer base, and process, store, and transmit increasingly large amounts of sensitive information. Real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our software could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. Our software is complex and therefore, undetected errors, failures or bugs have occurred in the past and may occur in the future. Our software is used in IT environments with different operating systems, system management software, applications, devices, databases, servers, storage, middleware, custom and third-party applications and equipment and networking configurations, which may cause errors or failures in the IT environment into which our software is deployed. This diversity increases the likelihood of errors or failures in those IT environments. Despite testing by us, real or perceived errors, failures or bugs may not be found until our customers use our software. Our systems could also be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities’ systems and technologies, and such vulnerabilities may not be discovered during our due diligence. Real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our products could result in negative publicity, security breaches or other security incidents, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our software, regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, harm to our brand, weakening of our competitive position, or claims by customers for losses sustained by them or failure to meet the stated service level commitments in our customer agreements. In such an event, we may be required, or may choose, for customer relations or other reasons, to expend significant additional resources in order to help correct the problem. Any real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our software could also impair our ability to attract new customers, retain existing customers or expand their use of our software, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Interruptions or performance problems associated with our products and platform capabilities may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 19 Our continued growth depends in part on the ability of our existing and potential customers to access our products and platform capabilities at any time and within an acceptable amount of time. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, disruptions, outages, and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, introductions of new functionality, human or software errors, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of users accessing our products and platform capabilities simultaneously, denial of service attacks, or other security-related incidents. For example, in March 2023, our platform experienced widespread outages across multiple products and regions, which was substantially resolved in approximately a day. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our performance, especially during peak usage times and as our products and platform capabilities become more complex and our user traffic increases. If our products and platform capabilities are unavailable or if our users are unable to access our products and platform capabilities within a reasonable amount of time or at all, we may experience a loss of customers, lost or delayed market acceptance of our platform and products, delays in payment to us by customers, injury to our reputation and brand, legal claims against us, and the diversion of our resources. In addition, to the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. We may not be able to successfully manage our growth, and if we are not able to grow efficiently, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. As usage of our platform capabilities grow, we will need to devote additional resources to improving and maintaining our infrastructure and integrating with third-party applications. In addition, we will need to appropriately scale our internal business systems and our services organization, including customer support and professional services, to serve our growing customer base. Any failure of or delay in these efforts could result in impaired system performance and reduced customer satisfaction, resulting in decreased sales to new customers, lower dollar-based net retention rates or, the issuance of service credits or requested refunds, which would hurt our revenue growth and our reputation. Further, any failure in optimizing our spend on third-party cloud services as we scale could negatively impact our gross margins. Even if we are successful in our expansion efforts, they will be expensive and complex, and require the dedication of significant management time and attention. We could also face inefficiencies or service disruptions as a result of our efforts to scale our internal infrastructure. We cannot be sure that the expansion of and improvements to our internal infrastructure will be effectively implemented on a timely basis, if at all, and such failures could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely upon third-party providers of cloud-based infrastructure to host our products. Any disruption in the operations of these third-party providers, limitations on capacity or interference with our use could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We outsource substantially all of the infrastructure relating to our cloud solution to third-party hosting services. Customers of our cloud-based products need to be able to access our platform at any time, without interruption or degradation of performance, and we provide them with service-level commitments with respect to uptime. Our cloud-based products depend on protecting the virtual cloud infrastructure hosted by third-party hosting services by maintaining its configuration, architecture, features and interconnection specifications, as well as the information stored in these virtual data centers, which is transmitted by third-party internet service providers. Any limitation on the capacity of our third-party hosting services could impede our ability to onboard new customers or expand the usage of our existing customers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any incident affecting our third-party hosting services’ infrastructure that may be caused by cyber-attacks, natural disasters, fire, flood, severe storm, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failures, outbreaks of contagious diseases, terrorist or other attacks, and other similar events beyond our control could negatively affect our cloud-based products. A prolonged service disruption affecting our cloud-based solution for any of the foregoing reasons would negatively impact our ability to serve our customers and could damage our reputation with current and potential customers, expose us to liability, cause us to lose customers or otherwise harm our business. We may also incur significant costs for using alternative equipment or taking other actions in preparation for, or in reaction to, events that damage the third-party hosting services we use. In the event that our service agreements with our third-party hosting services are terminated, or there is a lapse of service, elimination of services or features that we utilize, interruption of internet service provider connectivity or damage to such facilities, we could experience interruptions in access to our platform as well as significant delays and additional expense in arranging or creating new facilities and services and/or re-architecting our cloud solution for deployment on a different cloud infrastructure service provider, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 20 We offer free trials and a free tier of our platform to drive developer awareness of our products, and encourage usage and adoption. If these marketing strategies fail to lead to customers purchasing paid subscriptions, our ability to grow our revenue will be adversely affected. To encourage awareness, usage, familiarity and adoption of our platform and products, we offer free trials and a free tier of our platform. These strategies may not be successful in leading customers to purchase our products, as users of our free tier may not lead to them or others within their organization purchasing and deploying our platform. To the extent that users do not become, or we are unable to successfully attract paying customers, we will not realize the intended benefits of these marketing strategies and our ability to grow our revenue will be adversely affected. We expect fluctuations in our financial results, making it difficult to project future results, and if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors with respect to our results of operations, our stock price could decline. Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past and are expected to fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, our past results may not be indicative of our future performance. In addition to the other risks described herein, factors that may affect our results of operations include the following: • fluctuations in demand for or pricing of our platform and products; • fluctuations in usage of our platform and products; • our ability to attract new customers; • our ability to retain our existing customers; • customer expansion rates and the pricing and quantity of subscriptions renewed; • the pricing of subscriptions from customers in our cloud-provider marketplaces; • timing and amount of our investments to expand the capacity of our third-party cloud infrastructure providers; • seasonality driven by industry conferences; • the investment in new products and features relative to investments in our existing infrastructure and products; • the timing of our customer purchases; • fluctuations or delays in purchasing decisions in anticipation of new products or enhancements by us or our competitors; • changes in customers’ budgets and in the timing of their budget cycles and purchasing decisions; • our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses; • the amount and timing of payment for operating expenses, particularly research and development and sales and marketing expenses, including commissions; • the amount and timing of non-cash expenses, including stock-based compensation, goodwill impairments and other non-cash charges; • the amount and timing of costs associated with recruiting, training and integrating new employees and retaining and motivating existing employees; • the effects of acquisitions and their integration; • general economic conditions, both domestically and internationally, as well as economic conditions specifically affecting regions and industries in which our customers participate, including those impacted by the war in Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East; • the effects of trade policies, such as trade wars, tariffs or other trade restrictions or the threat of such actions; • the effect of other economic factors, including inflation, pricing and currency fluctuations; • the impact of new accounting pronouncements; • changes in regulatory or legal environments that may cause us to incur, among other elements, expenses associated with compliance; 21 • changes in the competitive dynamics of our market, including consolidation among competitors or customers; and • significant security breaches of, technical difficulties with, or interruptions to, the delivery and use of our products and platform capabilities. The global economy, including credit and financial markets, has experienced periods of volatility and disruptions, including periods of diminished liquidity and credit availability, changes in consumer confidence, fluctuations in economic growth, volatility in unemployment rates, fluctuating inflation and interest rates, and uncertainty about economic stability. For a discussion of certain of these economic, political, regulatory, and market risks, see “Risks Associated with our Growth—Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy, or reductions in information technology spending, could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our results of operations”. Any such volatility and disruptions may have adverse consequences on us or the third parties on whom we rely. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, or do not improve, including as a result of political unrest or war, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain in a timely manner or on favorable terms, more costly or more dilutive. Increased inflation rates can adversely affect us by increasing our costs, including personnel costs. Any of these and other factors, or the cumulative effect of some of these factors, may cause our results of operations to vary significantly. 
[...TRUNCATED...]