TICKER=DE|YEAR=2025|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2025/DE_2025-12-18.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. The following risks are considered material to our business based upon current knowledge, information, and assumptions. This discussion of risk factors should be considered closely in conjunction with the MD&A, including the risks and uncertainties described in the Forward-Looking Statements, and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. These risk factors and other forward-looking statements relate to future events, expectations, trends, and operating periods. They involve factors that are subject to change and important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Some of these risks and uncertainties could affect particular lines of business, while others could affect all our businesses. Although the risks are organized by headings and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. The risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Forward-Looking Statements are not the only risks we face. GEOPOLITICAL AND MACROECONOMIC RISKS Our financial results largely depend upon the agricultural market business cycle, as well as general economic conditions and outlook. Negative conditions in the agricultural industry and general economy cause weakened demand for our equipment and services, limit access to funding, and result in higher funding costs. Our success largely depends on the vitality of the agricultural industry. Historically, the agricultural industry has been cyclical and subject to a variety of economic and other factors; consequently, sales of agricultural equipment are also cyclical and generally reflect the economic health of the agricultural industry. The economic health of the agricultural industry is affected by numerous factors, including farm income, international trade, farmland values, debt levels, and financing costs. In addition, farm income is influenced by commodity and protein prices, world grain stocks, acreage available and planted, crop yields, agricultural product demand, soil conditions, farm input costs, government policies and support. Changes in government farm programs and policies can influence demand for agricultural equipment as well as create unequal competition for multinational companies relative to domestic companies. Downturns in the agricultural industry due to these and other factors, which could vary by market, have resulted in decreases in demand for agricultural equipment, adversely affecting our business and financial performance. The demand for our products and services depends on the fundamentals in the markets in which we operate and can be significantly reduced in an economic environment characterized by high unemployment, high interest rates, cautious consumer spending, inflation, lower corporate earnings, and lower business investment, all of which affect farmers’ income and sentiment. In fiscal year 2025, unfavorable market conditions resulted in lower sales volumes, greater reliance on sales incentives, and elevated receivable write-offs. We expect certain of these conditions to persist in fiscal year 2026. Changes in the economic environment and the agricultural market business cycle are driven by factors outside of our control, and as a result we cannot reasonably foresee when these conditions will fully subside. Sustained general negative economic conditions and outlook could also affect construction and housing activities, and energy prices and demand, which could decrease demand for construction and turf equipment and could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Uncertain or negative outlook with respect to pervasive U.S. fiscal issues as well as general economic conditions and outlook, such as market volatility, inflation, or interest rate changes, have caused and could continue to cause significant changes in market liquidity conditions. Such changes could impact access to funding and associated funding costs, which could reduce our earnings and cash flows. We face risks associated with international, national, and regional trade laws, regulations, and policies that could materially impair our profitability. International, national, and regional laws, regulations, and policies directly or indirectly related to or restricting the import and export of our products, services, and technology, or those of our customers or suppliers, or for the benefit of favored industries or sectors, have harmed our global business. We are subject to various trade regulatory risks including, but not limited to, the following: ● The imposition of tariffs and retaliatory tariffs has impacted, and we expect will continue to impact, the sourcing of parts and components, the cost and profitability of manufacturing operations, and our ability to ship, import, and export our products. During fiscal year 2025, new tariffs were imposed in the U.S. for imports from a broad range of countries and materials. Several countries also implemented or proposed retaliatory tariffs on imports from the U.S., as well as other barriers to trade. As a net exporter of agriculture and turf equipment from the U.S., these trade policies impact us. Nearly 80% of our domestic sales are assembled in the U.S., with the remaining products imported primarily from Europe, Mexico, India, and Japan. During fiscal year 2025, incremental import tariffs adversely affected the cost of our products and components and may continue to do so in 2026. In addition, retaliatory tariffs by regions outside the U.S., currently in effect or adopted in the future, may impact the prices of our 14 Table of Contents exported products and the profit realized from these exports. The direct impact of incremental tariffs incurred by us in 2025 was approximately $600, excluding the impact of tariffs on our suppliers and market demand. On November 5, 2025, the United States Supreme Court heard oral arguments on tariffs imposed under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA). The court may provide tariff relief and the potential recovery of amounts previously paid. We are monitoring developments in this case and its impact on our future financial statements and business. ● Changing U.S. export controls and sanctions on various foreign countries and on various parties could affect our ability to manufacture our products in foreign jurisdictions, collect receivables, provide aftermarket warranty support for our equipment and sell products, and could otherwise impact our reputation and business. ● Restricted access to global markets could impair our ability to export goods and services from various manufacturing locations around the world and limit the ability to access raw materials and high-quality parts and components at competitive prices on a timely basis. ● Trade restrictions could impede those in developing countries from achieving a higher standard of living, which could negatively impact our future growth opportunities arising from increasing global demand for food, fuel, and infrastructure. ● Policies impacting exchange rates and commodity prices, or those limiting the export or import of commodities, could have a material adverse effect on the international flow of agricultural and other commodities that may result in a corresponding negative effect on the demand for agricultural and forestry equipment in many areas of the world. Our agricultural equipment sales could be harmed by such policies because farm income influences sales of agricultural equipment around the world. ● If our business partners were to incur regulatory or judicial action, it could impact our ability to operate certain solutions abroad, or our connectivity to rural farmers. Our international operations expose us to risks and events beyond our control in countries in which we operate. Efforts to grow our businesses depend in part upon access to and developing and maintaining market share and profitability in additional geographic markets, including, but not limited to, Argentina, Brazil, CIS, China, India, and South Africa. Particularly, we have invested significant resources to grow our operations in Brazil, and i n 2024, we built a research and development center in Indaiatuba. We may not realize the benefits from our investment in Brazil or in other regions and may be unable to grow our market share for a variety of reasons. For example, some countries where we operate have greater political and economic volatility and greater infrastructure vulnerability than others. There are various risks associated with our global footprint, including, but not limited to, the following: ● economic and political instability, including war or armed conflict, changes in government policies, expropriation, nationalization, and other political, economic, or social developments, ● increased tariffs, trade barriers, trade agreements, and other restrictions on international trade, ● supply chain disruptions, including, as a result of natural disasters, transportation disruptions, and geopolitical events, ● multiple and potentially conflicting laws, regulations, and policies that are subject to change, along with the complexity and cost of compliance, ● currency fluctuations which can affect the value of our foreign currency revenues, expenses, and cash flows, ● inadequate intellectual property protections in foreign jurisdictions that could result in the unauthorized use or infringement of our intellectual property, ● adverse consumer sentiment for non-local products, ● local labor market conditions, and ● lack of brand recognition in our emerging markets. The occurrence of one or more of these events has, from time to time, impacted, and may in the future impact, our business in a variety of ways, including reducing demand for our products, increasing costs, limiting our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions, disrupting our ability to deliver products to customers on time and at competitive prices, subjecting us to fines, penalties, and sanctions, harming our competitive position, devaluation of assets, and impacting our financials. Please also refer to the risk factors in the “Legal and Regulatory Compliance Risks” section below that address our legal and regulatory risks associated with our international operations. 15 Table of Contents Changing worldwide demand for food and different forms of renewable energy can impact the price of farm commodities and consequently the demand for our equipment. This could result in higher research and development costs related to changing machine fuel requirements. Changing worldwide demand for farm outputs to meet the world’s growing food and renewable energy demands, driven in part by government policies, including those related to climate change, and a growing world population, is likely to result in fluctuating agricultural commodity prices, which directly affect sales of agricultural equipment. Lower agricultural commodity prices directly affect farm incomes, which negatively affect sales of agricultural equipment and result in higher credit losses. While higher commodity prices benefit our crop-producing agricultural equipment customers, they could result in greater feed costs for dairy and livestock producers, which in turn may result in lower levels of equipment purchased by those customers. International buyers can also change the source of imported agricultural products, such as corn and soy, from the U.S. to other countries, impacting the profitability of our customers and demand for our equipment. In addition, changing energy demand may cause farmers to change the types or quantities of the crops they raise, with corresponding changes in equipment demands. The growing demand for biofuels has led to a corresponding increased demand for agriculturally based feedstocks used in their production, such as corn in the U.S. and Europe and sugar cane in Brazil. This increased demand may increase the demand for agricultural equipment to be used in the production of such crops. However, the economic feasibility of biofuels can be impacted by the price of oil. As the price of oil falls, biofuels become a less attractive alternative energy source, and as a result, there is uncertainty with respect to any benefits we may realize with respect to our investments related to renewable energy. Furthermore, changes in governmental policies regulating fuel utilization, including biofuel, affect commodity demand and commodity prices, demand for our diesel-fueled equipment, and result in higher research and development costs related to equipment fuel standards. OPERATIONAL AND MANUFACTURING RISKS Restructuring, rationalization, and relocation of manufacturing facilities may cause capacity constraints, inventory fluctuations, and other issues. The rationalization or restructuring of our manufacturing facilities, including relocating production or closing facilities, requires significant investment and places temporary constraints on our ability to produce the quantity of products necessary to fill orders, and thereby complete sales in a timely manner. In addition, decisions regarding the rationalization, restructuring or relocation of facilities, and any similar actions, could also subject us to additional or new tariffs, reputational risks, and other issues relating to the importation of products. In 2024, we shifted production of small-frame skid steer loaders and compact track loaders to Mexico. As a result, these products became subject to additional tariffs on imports from Mexico in 2025. Even though we are taking actions to qualify for an exemption under the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA) to mitigate the elevated costs, there is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain such qualification. Furthermore, our manufacturing processes are dependent on water. Increasing competition for water resources, regulatory restrictions on water, and environmental changes can lead to water scarcity. Any significant reduction in water availability could disrupt our manufacturing processes, increase our operational costs, and limit our ability to meet customer demand. Inability to accurately forecast customer demand for products and services, and to adequately manage inventory, could adversely affect our operating results. To ensure adequate inventory supply, we must forecast inventory needs and expenses and place orders sufficiently in advance with suppliers and contract manufacturers. These forecasts are based on estimates of future demand for products and services. Failure to accurately forecast our needs results in unmet market demand, parts shortages, manufacturing delays or inefficiencies, increased costs, or excess inventory. Our ability to accurately forecast demand could be affected by many factors, including changes in customer demand for our products and services, used equipment inventory outstanding, changes in demand for the products and services of competitors, unanticipated changes in agricultural and general market conditions, and the weakening of economic conditions or customer confidence in future economic conditions. In 2025, elevated used inventory levels in late model-year machines impacted demand for our products in North America resulting in lower price realization and actions to reduce our inventory level. If the forecasts used to manage inventory are not accurate, we may experience excess inventory levels, shortage of available products, or reduced manufacturing efficiencies. 16 Table of Contents Changes in the availability and price of certain raw materials, components, and whole goods have resulted and could result in disruptions to the supply chain causing production disruptions, increased costs, and lower profits from sales of our products. Our business relies on a complex global supply chain, and any disruptions can impact our operations. We have experienced changes in the availability and prices of raw materials, components, whole goods, and freight over the past several years. Past global logistics network challenges have resulted in delays, shortages of key manufacturing components, increased order backlogs, increased transportation costs, and production inefficiencies from a higher number of partially completed machines in inventory, which in the past have increased our overall production and overhead costs. Increases in such costs have adversely affected our business operations. W e anticipate fluctuations in our supply chain due to ongoing geopolitical and economic uncertainty , and regulatory and policy instability, including import tariffs and trade agreements. For example, certain of our products, including motors, batteries, and other components, rely on rare earth minerals for their manufacturing, of which a significant majority are sourced from China. The inability to obtain export permits for rare earth minerals could have a detrimental effect on our business. The se complications have the potential to significantly increase production and logistics costs, including additional research and development costs for designing alternative solutions, and therefore would have a detrimental effect on the profitability of the business. Rapid changes and growing complexity in trade policies may also affect the ability of customs brokers and logistics providers to timely process imported products, which could result in delays, higher logistics costs, and production disruptions. The financial stability of our suppliers can also impact the continuity of our supply chain. A number of our suppliers are facing higher prices due to inflation, increased tariffs or otherwise. If one or more of our suppliers continue to encounter financial hardships , delivery setbacks, or other performance-related difficulties, we may be unable to fulfill our obligations to customers. Furthermore, if any of the raw materials critical to our manufacturing become unavailable to our suppliers, or are only accessible at significantly higher costs, including due to increased tariffs or trade restrictions, or are affected by quality problems or defects, our ability to deliver certain products on schedule or within budget could be compromised. Significant disruptions to the supply chain resulting from shortages of raw materials, components, and whole goods have and could continue to adversely affect our ability to meet commitments to our customers. Examples of such disruptions include: ● work interruption or union strikes by employees of suppliers, ● reliance on single source suppliers, or suppliers that are proprietary in nature that cannot be replaced expeditiously, and ● natural disasters, pandemics, or other unforeseen events can disrupt the flow of materials. Furthermore, if our customers are unwilling to accept price increases for our products, or if we are unable to offset the increases in costs, raw material costs or shortages could have a material adverse effect on our operational or financial results. Failure by our supply base to use ethical business practices and comply with applicable laws and regulations may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operational results. While we conduct due diligence on our suppliers and require their compliance with various policies and contractual covenants, we do not control our suppliers’ business practices. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that our due diligence efforts will reveal that they follow ethical business practices such as fair wage practices and compliance with environmental, safety, labor, human rights, material sourcing, and other laws. Failure to comply could lead us to seek alternative suppliers, which could increase our costs and result in delayed delivery of our products, product shortages, or other disruptions in operations. If our suppliers fail to comply with ethical standards and applicable laws, regulations, safety codes, employment practices, human rights standards, quality standards, environmental standards, production practices, or other obligations, norms, identification and reporting requirements, our reputation and brand could be harmed, and we could be exposed to litigation, investigations, enforcement actions, monetary liability and additional costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Unexpected events have increased and may in the future increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations. The occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including war, lack of available natural resources, acts of terrorism, epidemics and pandemics, civil unrest, fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, temperatures outside of normal ranges, floods, and other forms of severe or unusual weather in countries in which we operate, or in which our suppliers are located, have adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Such events have caused and could cause complete or partial closure of one or more of our manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruptions in the supply of component products from some local and international suppliers, and disruption and delay in the transport of products to dealers, 17 Table of Contents end-users, and distribution centers. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection from all the costs that may arise from such events. The potential physical impacts of weather conditions or climate change on our facilities, suppliers, and customers, and therefore on our business, are uncertain and will be specific to the circumstances developing in various geographic regions. These potential physical effects may adversely affect the demand for our products and the cost, production, sales, and financial performance of our operations. FINANCIAL RISKS Changes in interest rates or market liquidity conditions, as well as changes in government banking, monetary and fiscal policies, could adversely affect our financials and our earnings and/or cash flows. High interest rates can dampen overall economic activity and/or the financial condition of our customers, either or both of which can negatively affect customer demand for our equipment and our customers’ ability to repay us. High interest rates also increase the cost of carrying inventory for our dealers and the cost of financing for end customers. Interest rates in the U.S. have decreased and Brazil remained elevated in 2025. Higher rates and volatility in rates impact us in several ways, primarily affecting the demand for our products, financing spreads for the financial services operations, the value of our investments, and the financial health of our dealers. The markets for our agriculture, turf, and construction products were negatively impacted in 2025 by elevated interest rates and their effect on borrowing costs for our customers. While we strive to match the interest rate characteristics of our financial assets and liabilities, changing interest rates have affected our financing spreads—the difference between the yield we earn on our assets and the interest rates we pay for funding—which have affected our earnings. In addition, actions by credit rating agencies, such as downgrades or negative changes to ratings outlooks, can affect the availability and cost of funding for us and can increase our costs of capital and hurt our competitive position. Moreover, policies of the U.S. and other governments regarding banking, monetary, and fiscal policies intended to promote or maintain liquidity, stabilize financial markets, and/or address local deficit or structural economic issues have a material impact on our customers and markets. Our operations and results could also be affected by financial regulatory reform that could, among other things, have an adverse effect on the financial services segment and on our customers by limiting their ability to enter hedging transactions or to finance purchases of our products. Government policies on spending can also affect us, especially the CF segment, due to the impact of government spending on infrastructure development. Our operations, including those outside of the U.S., may also be affected by non-U.S. regulatory reforms being implemented to further regulate non-U.S. financial institutions and markets. Because the financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of our sales worldwide, negative economic conditions in the financial industry could materially impact our operations and financial results. Negative economic conditions have an adverse effect on the financial industry in which the financial services segment operates. The financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of our sales worldwide. The financial services segment is vulnerable to customers and others defaulting on contractual obligations, and has experienced, and may continue to experience write-offs and credit losses that, in some cases, exceed our expectations and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations as a result of elevated delinquencies. The allowance for credit losses on retail notes and financing lease receivables increased in 2025 primarily due to higher expected losses on agriculture and turf customer accounts as a result of elevated delinquencies and a decline in market conditions. We occasionally grant contractual modifications to customers experiencing financial difficulties. There is no guarantee that customers experiencing financial difficulty will be able to satisfy their obligations in accordance with original or modified terms. As a result, our allowance for credit losses may continue to increase in future periods. The financial services segment’s inability to access funds at cost-effective rates to support our financing activities could have a material adverse effect on our business. The financial services segment’s liquidity and ongoing profitability depend largely on timely access to capital to meet future cash flow requirements and to fund operations and costs associated with engaging in diversified funding activities. The financial services segment may also experience residual value losses that exceed our expectations caused by lower pricing for used equipment and higher-than-expected equipment returns at lease maturity. Changes in tax rates, tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities could have a negative effect on our business. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. Tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. Our effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax 18 Table of Contents rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretations. If our effective tax rates were to increase, or if the ultimate determination of taxes owed is for an amount more than amounts previously accrued, our operating results, cash flows, and financial condition could be adversely affected. STRATEGIC RISKS We may not realize the anticipated benefits of our Smart Industrial Operating Model and Leap Ambitions. Failure to realize the anticipated benefits of our Smart Industrial Operating Model and related business strategies in production systems, precision technologies, and aftermarket support, as well as failure to have selected a business strategy that aligns with our customers’ needs and market trends, could have an adverse effect on our operational and financial results. Several factors could impact our ability to successfully execute, and to benefit from, our Smart Industrial Operating Model, including, among other things: ● our inability to accurately assess market opportunities and the technology required to address such opportunities, ● falling behind in developing and introducing new technologies, ● customers not seeing the value proposition of the technologies and deciding not to adopt them, ● our inability to holistically provide lifecycle solutions, ● inability to fully monetize technology-based solutions, ● being unable to optimize our capital allocation in connection with the Smart Industrial Operating Model, and ● the adoption of new regulations or policies supporting and/or subsidizing outputs that are inconsistent with our strategy, such as policies that have the effect of encouraging or supporting the use of conventional sources of energy. Similarly, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our Leap Ambitions and related goals within the expected timelines, or at all. As part of our Leap Ambitions, we adopted certain financial and operational goals, which were refined in December 2025. In the future, we may again modify these goals, abandon them or be unable to achieve them for a variety of reasons, some of which may be beyond our control. Examples of such reasons include: ● the evolution of our business strategy, our business model, and our business needs; ● our estimates and assumptions related to efficiency of our products and the adoption of precision technology may not be accurate; in particular, we have experienced slower than expected customer adoption of some of our precision technology solutions, and SaaS subscription services; ● customers may not understand the value proposition of the various SaaS subscription models; ● the time required to build the capabilities and infrastructure to support our SaaS business, which has delayed the timing of realization of the expected benefits; and ● dealers may not be able to effectively establish relationships with customers, maintain those customer relationships, and provide SaaS solutions and support to our customers. The introduction of new products and technologies involves risk, and, from time to time, we may fail to realize their anticipated benefits. We design and manufacture products that incorporate advanced technologies. Many of our products and services are highly engineered and involve sophisticated technologies with related complex manufacturing and systems integration processes. We invest substantial amounts in research and development efforts to pursue advancements in a wide range of technologies, products, and services aimed at meeting the ever-evolving product, and service needs of our customers. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our investments in technology and product design depends on a variety of factors, including: ● the usefulness and competitiveness of our offerings relative to our peers, ● access to radio frequency (RF) spectrum and satellite functionality which enables connectivity for equipment, operations, owners, dealers, and technicians, ● meeting development, production, certification, and regulatory approval schedules, ● adequate intellectual property protections in relevant jurisdictions and our ability to protect our intellectual property, ● achieving cost and production efficiencies, ● availability and quality of product parts and materials, both from our suppliers and internally produced, 19 Table of Contents ● availability of test equipment, ● development of complex software, ● hiring and training of qualified personnel, ● training our dealers and their technicians, ● identification of emerging technological trends, ● compliance requirements regarding data privacy and artificial intelligence, and ● customer acceptance and the pace of adoption of our products and technologies, which with respect to some of our solutions and subscription models, has been slower than we expected. We compete on product performance, innovation, quality, distribution, sustainability, customer service, and price. Aggressive pricing or other strategies of competitors, unanticipated product or manufacturing delays, our failure to deliver quality products that meet customer needs, or our failure to price products competitively, adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. To remain competitive, we need to have a thorough understanding of our existing and potential customers on a global basis, particularly in growth markets such as Argentina and Brazil. If we are unable to effectively develop and deliver technology that customers can easily adopt and utilize, customers may not adopt our technology which would adversely impact our business operations and future financial performance. Therefore, our ability to deliver precision technology and expand value-driven solutions is critical to our business success. In addition, artificial intelligence technologies have rapidly developed, and our business may be adversely affected if we cannot successfully integrate the technology into our internal business processes, products, and services in a timely, cost-effective, compliant, and responsible manner. These investments may not produce solutions that provide the desired results for customers’ profitability or sustainability outcomes, impacting our competitive position. From time to time our equipment fails to perform as expected and we have experienced, and may in the future experience, warranty claims, post-sale repairs and recalls, and other consequences. From time to time, we have received warranty claims and have had to perform post-sales repairs or recalls due to our equipment not performing as expected. In such cases, we may also face regulatory requirements and penalties that can impact our ability to develop, market, and sell equipment. These circumstances may result in product delivery delays and claims related to product liability, breach of warranty, and consumer protection. The costs associated with these claims and warranty expenses could be significant. We must manage the cost and risk associated with product warranties, post-sale repairs and recalls, regulatory penalties, and product liability, breach of warranty, and consumer protection claims with respect to our products. We may also be subject to investigations relating to our products by government regulators which may compel us to initiate product recalls or may result in negative public perceptions about the safety of our products, even if we disagree with the regulator’s determination. Such post-sale repairs or recalls, whether voluntary or involuntary, could result in significant expense, supply chain complications, and may harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. We rely on a network of independent dealers to manage the distribution of our products and services. If our dealers are unsuccessful with their sales and business operations, it could have an adverse effect on our overall sales and revenue. We rely on the capability of our dealers to develop and implement effective sales plans to create demand among purchasers for the equipment and related products and services they purchase from us. If our dealers are unsuccessful in these endeavors, we will be unable to increase our sales and revenue, which would have an adverse effect on our financial condition. Our dealers carry inventories of finished products as part of their operations and adjust those inventories based on future needs and market conditions, including the level of used equipment inventory. When the total inventory levels of our dealers are higher than they desire, dealers have postponed equipment purchases from us, and could continue to postpone purchases in the future, which could cause our sales to be lower and negatively impact our results. Similarly, our results could be negatively impacted through the loss of time-sensitive sales if our dealers do not maintain inventory levels sufficient to meet customer demand. In addition, the dealer channel’s ability to support and service new technologies may affect customers’ acceptance and adoption rates of these products. The unavailability of specialized technicians to service our equipment may result in overburdening dealers’ servicing capacity. 20 Table of Contents Furthermore, dealers may exit, or we may seek to terminate relationships with certain dealers if they are unable to meet customer needs. The unplanned loss of any of our dealers could lead to inadequate market coverage or negative customer impressions and may adversely impact our ability to collect receivables and generate new sales that are associated with that dealer. Dealers could also have trouble funding their day-to-day cash flow needs and paying their obligations due to adverse business conditions resulting from negative economic effects or other factors. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, joint ventures, and divestitures, or these benefits may take longer to realize than expected. From time to time, we make strategic acquisitions and divestitures and participate in joint ventures. Acquisitions and joint ventures we have entered into, or may enter into in the future, may involve significant challenges and risks, including that the acquisitions or joint ventures do not advance our business strategy, or fail to produce satisfactory returns on investment. Other risks include: ● difficulties integrating acquisitions with our operations, applying internal control processes to these acquisitions (including those related to cybersecurity), managing strategic investments, assimilating new capabilities to meet the future needs of our businesses, and/or combining business cultures; ● regulatory or compliance exposure until appropriate processes and controls are implemented; ● integration costs and significant attention from management and personnel; ● failing to realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or joint ventures, or realized benefits being significantly delayed, including because the technologies or products acquired may not be complementary or compatible with our business strategy or product portfolio, may not broaden our market position, product portfolio or footprint, or enhance our ability to deliver value to our customers; and ● due diligence evaluations of potential transactions not identifying all of the business, legal, compliance, and financial risks to accurately estimate the impact of a particular acquisition or joint venture, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from an acquisition target’s previous activities or costs associated with any quality issues with an acquisition target’s products or services. Our reputation and brand could be damaged by negative publicity. Our brand has worldwide recognition and contributes to the success of our business. Our reputation is critical for growing our customer base. Our brand depends on the ability to maintain a positive customer perception of the business. Negative claims or publicity across media channels involving us, our products or services, our culture and values, our stance on environmental, social, and governance topics, customer data, or any of our key employees or suppliers, may damage our reputation and brand image, regardless of whether such claims are accurate. Furthermore, our shareholders, customers, and other stakeholders have evolving, varied and often conflicting expectations regarding our culture, values, and our business, which makes it difficult to achieve a uniform positive perception amongst all stakeholders. Additionally, negative or inaccurate postings, articles, or comments on social media, the internet, or the press about us have generated, and could continue to generate negative publicity that damages the reputation of our brand. For example, we have experienced negative social media campaigns related to our approach to diversity and inclusion, our customers’ right to maintain and safely repair their equipment, including with respect to our Memorandum of Understanding with the American Farm Bureau Federation, reductions in workforce, and production relocation. Further, adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against us, or legal proceedings initiated by us, also damages our reputation and brand image, undermining customer confidence, and reducing long-term demand for equipment, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our operations. If the reputation, culture, or image of our brands are damaged, or we receive negative publicity, then our sales and financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. TALENT RISKS Our ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees could affect our ability to execute our strategy. Our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and attract qualified candidates with the requisite education, background, and experience, as well as our ability to develop, engage, and retain qualified employees. Failure to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees, difficulty in recruiting new employees, perceived or actual erosion of our culture, or inadequate resources to train, integrate, and retain qualified employees, could impair our ability to execute our business strategy and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, our culture and our values have been important contributors to our success to date and we believe promote a sense of pride and fulfillment in our employees. Failure to preserve our culture or focus on our values could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit talent. 21 Table of Contents While we strive to reduce the impact of the departure of employees, our operations or ability to execute our business strategy may be affected by the loss of employees, including in connection with reductions in workforce. Reductions may adversely affect us as a result of decreased employee morale, the loss of institutional knowledge, the allocation of resources to reorganize and reassign job roles and responsibilities, and the increased risk of litigation from former employees. Our business may be adversely affected by any disruptions caused by union activities. Many of our production and maintenance employees are represented by labor unions under various collective bargaining agreements with different expiration dates. There is no certainty that we will successfully negotiate new agreements with these unions that extend beyond the current expiration dates, or that these new agreements will be on terms that will allow us to be competitive. Our failure to successfully renegotiate labor agreements as they expire has, from time to time led, and could in the future lead, to work stoppages or other disputes with labor unions. Any strike, work stoppage, or other dispute with a labor union distracts management from operating the business, may displace employees from ordinary job positions to fill in vacant positions, may affect our reputation, and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, additional employees may choose to join or seek recognition for forming a labor union. If additional employees organize in the future, such employees may threaten and/or engage in work stoppages or organize campaigns. The outcomes from such actions may affect our reputation, and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. CYBERSECURITY AND DIGITAL RISKS Security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure could interfere with our operations and could compromise our information as well as information about our employees, customers, suppliers, and/or dealers, exposing us to liability that could cause our business and reputation to suffer. We rely upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of products within our portfolio, business processes and activities, including supporting our customers’ operations, products and solutions, supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing, and collection of payments from customers and dealers. We use information technology systems to record, process, and summarize financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal, and tax requirements. Additionally, we collect and store confidential data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, and the proprietary business information of our customers, suppliers, and dealers, as well as personal data of our customers and employees in data centers, which are often owned by third parties and maintained on their information technology networks. In particular, the John Deere Operations Center ™, our digital management system that allows customers to access farm and jobsite information through their devi
[...TRUNCATED...]