TICKER=DELL|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/DELL_2026-03-16.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors 16 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 31 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 31 Item 2. Properties 33 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 33 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 33 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 34 Item 6. [Reserved] 36 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 37 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 64 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 66 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 139 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 139 Item 9B. Other Information 141 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 141 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 141 Item 11. Executive Compensation 142 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 142 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 142 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 142 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 143 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 150 Signatures 151 4 Table of Contents PART I — FINANCIAL INFORMATION Unless the context indicates otherwise, references in this report to “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company,” and “Dell Technologies” mean Dell Technologies Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Our fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period ending on the Friday nearest January 31. We refer to our fiscal years ended January 30, 2026, January 31, 2025, and February 2, 2024 as “Fiscal 2026,” “Fiscal 2025,” and “Fiscal 2024,” respectively. Fiscal 2026, Fiscal 2025, and Fiscal 2024 each included 52 weeks. ITEM 1 — BUSINESS Company Overview Dell Technologies is a leader in the global technology industry focused on providing broad and innovative technology solutions for the data and artificial intelligence (“AI”) era. These solutions range from client devices and peripherals to infrastructure solutions across servers, networking, and storage to meet the evolving needs of our customers and drive better business outcomes. With our extensive portfolio and commitment to innovation, we design, deploy, and support secure, integrated solutions that extend from the edge to the core to the cloud. We deliver AI-optimized, software-defined, and cloud native infrastructure solutions across a broad partner ecosystem to help customers address evolving information technology (“IT”) needs, drive outcomes, and capture growth as customer spending priorities evolve. Dell Technologies operates globally in over 170 countries, supported by a world-class organization across key functional areas, including technology and product development, marketing, sales, services, and financing. We have a number of operational advantages that provide a critical foundation for our success. We provide leading end-to-end solutions across our portfolio of products and services. Our go-to-market operations include an extensive direct sales force, with the ability to build deep customer relationships, and a global network of channel partners. Our global services footprint consists of service and support professionals and vendor-managed service centers that support customers across the world. Our world-class supply chain operates at a significant scale with the ability to remain agile in a variety of environments. We offer customers choice in how they acquire our solutions, including utility, subscription, as-a-Service, leases, loans, and immediate pay models. These options allow our customers to pay upfront or over time, providing them with operational and financial flexibility. Our Vision and Strategy Our vision is to become the most essential technology partner. We help customers address their IT needs and digital transformation objectives as they embrace today’s changing technology landscape. We intend to realize our vision by executing our strategy of leveraging our strengths to extend our leadership positions and capture new growth. We believe we are uniquely positioned in our industry and that our results will continue to benefit from our operational advantages, which position our Company for long-term growth and value creation while keeping our purpose at the forefront of our decision-making: to create technologies that drive human progress. Technology is rapidly evolving with demand for simple and holistic solutions as companies navigate an increasingly complex IT environment. To meet our customers’ needs, we invest in research and development, sales, and other key areas of our business to deliver superior products and solutions capabilities and to drive sustainable long-term growth. The impacts of technological advancement and data expansion continue to be a force for progress as artificial intelligence and generative AI have become the next wave of technological innovation. Through each wave of technological progress, we look to advance our capabilities to change the way we work and make decisions, improve business outcomes and the customer experience, and reduce costs by leveraging new technology to optimize business processes. We believe our unique operating advantages, our leadership, and our way of doing business provide a foundation to foster growth, drive efficiencies, and capitalize on each successive wave of innovation in a dynamic industry. 5 Table of Contents Products and Services We design, develop, manufacture, market, sell, and support a wide range of comprehensive and integrated solutions, products, and services. We are organized into two business units which are also our reportable segments: Infrastructure Solutions Group and Client Solutions Group. Infrastructure Solutions Group (“ISG”) — ISG enables our customers’ digital transformations with solutions that address AI, machine learning, data analytics, and multicloud environments. We provide a comprehensive portfolio of advanced infrastructure solutions designed to help customers simplify, streamline, and automate IT operations. ISG solutions are built for multicloud environments and are optimized to run workloads in both public and private clouds, as well as on-premises. ISG also offers software, peripherals, and services, including consulting, configuration, and support and deployment. Given the scale and growth of our AI-optimized servers business, effective in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2026, we disaggregated our servers and networking offerings within revenue by major product category into AI-optimized servers offerings and traditional servers and networking offerings. As a result, our major product categories within ISG are our AI-optimized servers offerings, traditional servers and networking offerings, and storage offerings. • AI-optimized servers — We offer a specialized portfolio of AI-optimized servers designed to handle the most demanding compute-intensive workloads, including AI model training, fine-tuning, and inferencing. • Traditional servers and networking — Our traditional servers portfolio provides the trusted foundation for modern IT environments, supporting a wide range of general-purpose and mission-critical workloads. Our networking portfolio helps our business customers transform and modernize their infrastructure, complementing our storage and AI-optimized and traditional servers offerings. • Storage — Our comprehensive storage portfolio includes modern and traditional storage solutions that span primary, unstructured, and data protection offerings that are delivered through multiple architectures, including all-flash, purpose-built, software-defined, and hyper-converged infrastructure platforms. Approximately 65% of ISG revenue is generated by sales to customers in the Americas, with the remaining portion derived from sales to customers in the Europe, Middle East, and Africa region (“EMEA”) and the Asia-Pacific and Japan region (“APJ”). Client Solutions Group (“CSG”) — CSG offers branded personal computers (“PCs”), including notebooks, desktops, and workstations and branded peripherals that include displays, docking stations, keyboards, mice, and webcam and audio devices, as well as third-party software and peripherals. Our CSG offerings are designed to optimize performance, reliability, manageability, design, and security for our customers and include on-device AI for greater end-user creativity and productivity. CSG also includes services offerings, such as configuration, support and deployment, and extended warranties. Our major product categories within CSG are our commercial offerings and consumer offerings. • Commercial — Our commercial portfolio provides customers with solutions centered on flexibility to address their complex needs such as IT modernization, hybrid work transformation, and other critical areas. • Consumer — Our consumer portfolio provides customers with solutions ranging from essential computing, connectivity, and productivity needs of the everyday user to powerful performance, processing, and end-user experiences in high-end consumer and gaming offerings. Approximately 60% of CSG revenue is generated by sales to customers in the Americas, with the remaining portion derived from sales to customers in EMEA and APJ. Our other businesses primarily consist of our historical resale of standalone offerings of VMware LLC (formerly VMware, Inc. and individually and together with its subsidiaries, “VMware”), referred to as “VMware Resale,” and offerings of SecureWorks Corp. (“Secureworks”) through the date of the sale of Secureworks as discussed below. These businesses are divested businesses or their offerings are no longer actively sold, and are not classified as reportable segments, either individually or collectively. Their operating results are reported within Corporate and other. 6 Table of Contents • VMware Resale includes our sale of standalone VMware offerings. On November 22, 2023, VMware was acquired by Broadcom Inc. (“Broadcom”), and subsequently announced changes to its go-to-market approach for VMware offerings that impacted our commercial relationship with VMware. On March 25, 2024, we terminated our Commercial Framework Agreement with VMware, whereby we acted as a distributor of VMware standalone products and services. We no longer act as a distributor of such products and services, although we continue to support customers that have purchased resale offerings sold in prior periods. We continue to integrate and embed certain VMware products and services with our VxRail solution for end-user customers. The results for this integrated offering are reflected within ISG. See Note 19 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for more information regarding the impact of Broadcom’s acquisition of VMware. • Secureworks is a global cybersecurity provider of technology-driven security solutions that enable organizations of varying size and complexity to prevent security breaches, detect malicious activity, respond rapidly when a security breach occurs, and identify emerging threats. On February 3, 2025, Secureworks was acquired by Sophos Inc., an affiliate of Thoma Bravo, L.P. For further discussion regarding our current reportable segments, see “Part II — Item 7 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Results of Operations — Business Unit Results” and Note 18 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. Dell Payment Solutions Our customers seek choice in how they acquire our solutions and look to remove cost and complexity, align offerings with their business needs, and provide consistent, high-quality operations throughout their IT enterprise. The Dell Payment Solutions portfolio offers a wide range of payment and consumption options to enable our customers globally to deploy the technology solutions they need now with predictability, flexibility, and choice. We offer our customers choices that include utility, subscription, as-a-Service, leases, loans and immediate pay models designed to match customers’ consumption and financing preferences. We believe these options provide operational and financial flexibility and strengthen our customer relationships. Additionally, these offerings typically result in multiyear agreements which generate recurring revenue streams over the term of the arrangement. We expect that these offerings will provide a foundation for growth in recurring revenue. We define recurring revenue as revenue recognized that is primarily related to hardware and software maintenance as well as operating leases, subscription, as-a-Service, and usage-based offerings. To support financing solutions and services as part of the portfolio, Dell Financial Services and its affiliates (“DFS”) originate, collect, and service customer receivables primarily related to the purchase or use of our product, software, and services offerings. DFS funded $11.9 billion of originations in Fiscal 2026 and as of January 30, 2026 maintains a $14.3 billion global portfolio of financing receivables with a strong credit quality. The results of these operations are allocated to our segments based on the underlying product or service financed and may be impacted by, among other factors, changes in the interest rate environment and the translation of those changes to pricing. For additional information about our financing arrangements, see Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. Research and Development We focus on developing innovative solutions that incorporate desirable features and capabilities at competitive prices. We employ a collaborative approach to design and development in which our engineers, with direct customer input, design solutions and work with a global network of technology partners to architect new system designs, influence the direction of future development, and integrate new technologies into our products and solutions. We strive to deliver new and relevant products to the market quickly and efficiently. Our software engineers are focused on developing the next generation of innovative solutions. Our embedded software simplifies the complex through automation, increasingly leveraging artificial intelligence and machine-learning technology. Most of our research and development (“R&D”) expenditures represent costs to develop the software that powers these solutions. 7 Table of Contents We manage our R&D expenses by concentrating on solutions that we believe are most valuable to our customers and by leveraging the capabilities of our strategic partnerships. We have a global R&D presence, with total R&D expenses of $3.1 billion for both Fiscal 2026 and Fiscal 2025 and $2.8 billion for Fiscal 2024. These investments reflect our commitment to innovation that aims to create the right solutions to help our customers build their digital future and transform their businesses. Strategic Investments and Acquisitions As part of our strategy, we will continue to evaluate opportunities for strategic investments through our venture capital investment arm, Dell Technologies Capital, with a focus on emerging technology areas that are relevant to our business and that will complement our existing portfolio of solutions. We target investments in areas such as storage, software-defined networking, management and orchestration, security, machine learning and AI, big data and analytics, cloud, edge computing, and software development operations. The technologies or products these companies have under development are typically in the early stages and may never have commercial value, which could result in a loss of a substantial part of our investment in the companies. We held strategic investments in non-marketable securities of $1.6 billion and $1.5 billion as of January 30, 2026 and January 31, 2025, respectively. See Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information. In addition to these investments, we may also make targeted acquisitions of businesses that advance our strategic objectives and accelerate our innovation agenda. Manufacturing and Materials We own manufacturing facilities located in the United States, Malaysia, China, Brazil, India, Poland, and Ireland. See “Item 2 — Properties” for information about our manufacturing and distribution facilities. We also utilize contract manufacturers throughout the world to manufacture or assemble our products under the Dell Technologies brand to provide operational flexibility, achieve cost efficiencies, deliver products faster, better serve our customers, and enhance our supply chain. When using contract manufacturers, we purchase components from suppliers and subsequently sell those components to the manufacturer. Our manufacturing process consists of assembly, software installation, functional testing, and quality control. We conduct operations utilizing a formal, documented quality management system to ensure that our products and services satisfy customer needs and expectations. Testing and quality control are also applied to components, parts, sub-assemblies, and systems obtained from third-party suppliers. Our quality management system is maintained through the testing of components, sub-assemblies, software, and systems at various stages in the manufacturing process. Quality control procedures also include a burn-in period for completed units after assembly, ongoing production reliability audits, failure tracking for early identification of production and component problems, and processing of information from customers obtained through services and support programs. This system is certified to the ISO 9001 International Standard that includes our global sites and organizations that design, manufacture, and service our products. Our order fulfillment, manufacturing, and test facilities are also certified to the ISO 9001 International Standard for quality management systems, the ISO 14001 International Standard for environmental management systems, the ISO 45001 International Standard for health and safety management systems, and the ISO 50001 International Standard for energy management systems. These internationally-recognized endorsements of ongoing quality, environmental, health and safety, and energy management are among the highest levels of certifications available. We also have implemented programs and methodologies to ensure that the quality of our designs, manufacturing, test processes, and supplier relationships are continually improved. Additionally, we maintain a Supplier Code of Conduct and actively manage recycling processes for our returned products. 8 Table of Contents We purchase materials, supplies, product components, and products from a large number of qualified suppliers. In some cases, where multiple sources of supply are not available, we rely on a single source or a limited number of sources of supply if we believe it is advantageous to do so because of performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity, or price considerations. We believe that any disruption that may occur because of our dependence on single- or limited-source vendors would not disproportionately disadvantage us relative to our competitors. See “Item 1A — Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Our Business and Our Industry — Our use of single-source or limited-source suppliers may adversely affect the availability or timely delivery of some critical products or components” for information about the risks associated with Dell Technologies’ use of single- or limited-source suppliers. Product Backlog Product backlog represents the value of unfulfilled manufacturing orders and is included as a component of remaining performance obligations to the extent we determine that the manufacturing orders are non-cancelable. Our world-class supply chain operates at significant scale and provides us with the ability to remain agile in a variety of environments. While our supply chain operated efficiently at standard lead times, during both Fiscal 2025 and Fiscal 2026, increasing demand for our AI-optimized servers offerings continued to drive backlog growth. Given the scale of the AI opportunities, the varying stages of customer readiness, and the frequency of component part updates or transitions, there is inherent non-linearity in the timing of demand and subsequent shipments for our AI-optimized servers offerings. Additionally, during Fiscal 2026, demand for our traditional servers and networking offerings outpaced supply, resulting in incremental backlog growth as we exited the year. Geographic Operations Our corporate headquarters is located in Round Rock, Texas. We have operations and conduct business in many countries located in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and other geographic regions. Accordingly, we pursue the development of technology solutions that meet the needs of these markets. For information about the amount of net revenue we generated from our operations outside of the United States during the last three fiscal years, see Note 18 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. Seasonality Our sales can be affected by seasonal trends. Within ISG, our storage sales are typically stronger in our fourth fiscal quarter. Our sales within the Americas are typically stronger in the second and fourth fiscal quarters, while our sales in EMEA are typically stronger during the fourth fiscal quarter. Historical seasonal patterns have been impacted by the changing macroeconomic environment and our mix of business, and may not continue in the future. Competition We operate in an industry in which there are rapid technological advances in hardware, software, and services offerings, including AI, cloud, and security-related offerings. We face ongoing product and price competition in all areas of our business from both branded and generic competitors, including companies that specialize in one or more of our product or service lines. Our competitive advantages — including our end-to-end solutions portfolio, go-to-market capabilities, supply chain, and global services — enable us to compete by providing customers competitive, scalable, and integrated solutions that provide the most current and desired product and services features at a competitive price. We closely monitor market pricing, including the effect of foreign exchange rate movements, in an effort to provide the best value for our customers. We also closely monitor changing demand to keep pace with the demands of current and prospective customers. We believe that our strong relationships with our customers, channel partners, and suppliers allow us to respond quickly to changing customer needs and other macroeconomic factors. We also face competition from non-traditional IT companies, including large Infrastructure-as-a-Service providers, that often buy their infrastructure directly from original design manufacturers. Competitive pressures could increase if customers choose to move existing workloads to these providers. 9 Table of Contents The markets in which we compete span countries around the world with customers that range from the world’s largest corporations to small and medium-sized businesses to consumers and also include government and not-for-profit organizations. We believe that new businesses will continue to enter these markets and develop technologies that, if successfully commercialized, may compete with our products and services. Moreover, current competitors may enter into new strategic relationships with new or existing competitors, which may further increase competitive pressures. See “Item 1A — Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Our Business and Our Industry” for information about our competitive risks. Sales and Marketing Our sales and marketing efforts are organized around our customers. Our global sales and marketing team has created a go-to-market model that is collaborative and customer-focused. We generally organize our go-to-market operations with a focus on geographic and customer segments that encompass large g lobal and national enterprises, governmental agencies and other public institutions, educational institutions, healthc are organizations, small and medium-sized businesses, and consumers. Go-to-market strategy — We sell products and services directly to customers and through other sales channels, which include value-added resellers, system integrators, distributors, and retailers. We manage our direct sales team and channel partners to offer a unified customer experience. We believe our direct sales channel is a significant competitive advantage and emphasizes direct communication with customers, allowing us to refine our products and marketing programs while providing insight to better navigate through supply chain challenges and complexity. In addition to our direct sales channel, we use our network of channel partners to sell our products and services, enabling us to efficiently reach and serve a greater number of customers. The Dell Technologies partner program provides partners with appropriate incentives to encourage sales generation. We also facilitate access to third-party financing to help our channel partners manage their working capital. We believe that building long-term relationships with our channel partners enhances our ability to deliver a high-quality customer experience. During Fiscal 2026, our other sales channels generated approximately 40% of our net revenue. Large enterprises and public institutions — We maintain a field sales force across the world to serve our largest customers, including large enterprises and public institutions. Dedicated account teams, which include technical sales specialists, form long-term relationships with and support our largest customers, develop tailored solutions to meet their needs, position the capabilities of Dell Technologies, and provide us with customer feedback. For these customers, we offer several programs designed to provide single points of contact and accountability with dedicated account managers, special pricing, and consistent service and support programs. We also maintain specific sales and marketing programs customized to the needs of each specific segment we serve. Small and medium-sized business and consumers — We have a direct sales force of dedicated account teams for small and medium-sized businesses focused on delivering outcomes tailored to customers’ specific needs. For consumers, we offer robust online and channel engagement. We market our products and services to customers in these segments through various campaigns and advertising media, aligning with customer preferences. To react quickly to our customers’ needs, we track our Net Promoter Score, a customer loyalty metric that is widely used across various industries. Net Promoter Score is a trademark of Satmetrix Systems, Inc., Bain & Company, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. We also engage with customers through social media. Patents, Trademarks, and Licenses As of January 30, 2026, we held a worldwide portfolio of 25,859 granted patents and 8,189 pending patent applications. We continue to obtain new patents through our ongoing research and development activities. The inventions claimed in our patents and patent applications cover aspects of our current and possible future offerings, computer systems, software products, manufacturing processes, and related technologies. We also hold licenses to use numerous third-party patents. Although we use our patented inventions and license some of them to others, we are not substantially dependent on any single patent or group of related patents. Our product and process patents may establish barriers to entry, and we anticipate that our worldwide patent portfolio will continue to be of value in negotiating intellectual property rights with others in the industry. We have used, registered, or applied to register certain trademarks and copyrights in the United States and in other countries. We believe that the Dell Technologies, DELL, and Alienware word marks and logo marks in the United States are material to our operations. 10 Table of Contents We have entered into software licensing agreements with other companies. We also license certain technologies and intellectual property from third parties for use in our offerings and processes, and license some of our technologies and intellectual property to third parties. Government Regulation Our business is subject to regulation by various U.S. federal and state governmental agencies and other governmental agencies. Such regulation includes the activities of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission; the anti-trust regulatory activities of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, the U.S. Department of Justice, and the European Union; the consumer protection laws and financial services regulation of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and various U.S. governmental agencies; the export regulatory activities of the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of the Treasury; the import regulatory activities of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection; the product safety regulatory activities of the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission and the U.S. Department of Transportation; the health information privacy and security requirements of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; and the environmental, employment and labor, and other regulatory activities of a variety of governmental authorities in each of the countries in which we conduct business. Our operations are subject to a variety of environmental, performance, and safety regulations in all aspects of our operations. Product design and procurement operations must comply with requirements relating to materials composition, sourcing, radiated emissions, energy efficiency and collection, recycling, treatment, transportation, and disposal of electronics products, including restrictions on mercury, lead, cadmium, lithium metal, lithium ion, and other substances. Our operations may also become subject to new or emergent standards relating to climate change laws and regulations. The amount and timing of costs under environmental and safety laws are difficult to predict. We were not assessed any material environmental fines, nor did we have any material environmental remediation or other environmental costs, during Fiscal 2026. We and our subsidiaries are subject to various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and are also subject to export controls, customs regulations, economic sanctions laws, and embargoes imposed by the U.S. government. Violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other anti-corruption laws or export controls, customs regulations, or economic sanctions laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties. We are subject to provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act intended to improve transparency and accountability concerning the supply of minerals originating from the conflict zones of the Democratic Republic of the Congo or adjoining countries. We incur costs to comply with the disclosure requirements of this law and other costs relating to the sourcing and availability of minerals used in our products. Corporate Impact Activities At Dell Technologies, we are committed to driving human progress by putting our technology and expertise to work where we believe it can do the most good for both people and the planet. Our commitments span the environment, our own workforce, and all of the people in our value chain. We recognize that all of our stakeholders — shareholders, customers, suppliers, employees, and communities — are essential to our business. Environment We embed circularity principles throughout our value chain. By integrating sustainable practices with suppliers, customers, and other stakeholders, we advance a circular economy that improves resource efficiency and environmental benefits, reinforcing our commitment to sustainability. We are committed to understanding the impact our business has on the environment. We are taking action to mitigate climate-related risks, and we offer innovative products and solutions to customers to help them reduce their emissions, reach their reduction targets and operate more efficiently. We are actively addressing climate-related risks by managing greenhouse gas emissions across our operations, supply chain, and product lifecycle. 11 Table of Contents Human Capital Management We are a talented team with unique perspectives united in our purpose, strategy, and culture. Our goal is to ensure that all employees feel valued, engaged, and inspired to do their best work. We aim to attract, develop, and retain a top-talent workforce through our inclusive culture, training and development offerings, and competitive and comprehensive benefits that include health and wellness resources. We believe the success of our commitment is demonstrated through our consistent market recognition as a best-in-class employer. As of January 30, 2026, we had approximately 97,000 employees. Throughout Fiscal 2026, we remained committed to disciplined cost management in coordination with our ongoing business modernization initiatives and continued to take certain measures to reduce costs, including employee reorganizations, limitation of external hiring, and other actions to align our investments with our announced strategic and customer priorities. These actions resulted in a continued reduction in our overall headcount. Despite these difficult decisions, we continue focused efforts to empower our employees and attract, develop, and retain talent. We seek to support our culture in the following key focus areas: Equal Employment Opportunity — We are committed to equal employment opportunity and maintaining an inclusive culture that gives all Dell Technologies employees an opportunity to thrive and succeed. Achievement Through Learning, Development, and Competitive Compensation and Rewards — We provide competitive compensation aligned with consistent practices to attract, retain, and motivate top talent and to recognize the critical skills essential to our success. Our programs reward performance as well as the behaviors and capabilities that enable it. Through transparent, data-informed approaches, we build trust and align compensation with the priorities of our people and our business. We provide centralized programs to support employees’ career growth and development. We offer formal training options, individualized development programs, tools for 360-degree feedback, mentoring, networking, stretch assignments, and growth opportunities. Our tools and resources are designed to empower and inspire employees to direct their own career paths and build a portfolio of transferable skills for success in the technology industry. Our career development supports employee growth by providing personalized development suggestions, such as mentorship and internal opportunities, that align with their skills and development goals. We are committed to building a leadership pipeline with a broad spectrum of skills, including the ability to act with integrity and inspire others. Balance and Wellness — We offer our employees comprehensive benefits programs designed to support their physical, mental, emotional, and financial well-being while reinforcing a healthy work-life balance. While a number of our programs are global, many benefits align with local requirements and market relevancy. All enable an elevated health and wellness experience and include virtual live and on-demand educational sessions, counseling and support services, fitness and wellness challenges, voluntary progress tracking, and other incentives. Connection and Engagement — We believe employee feedback is an important part of our culture and a key strategy to foster connection and engagement. For example, through our annual Tell Dell survey, employees can confidentially voice their perceptions of our company, strategy, leadership, and culture so we can continue to improve the employee experience. We promote further employee connection and engagement through a variety of initiatives, including, among others, our broader team member listening strategy and our Employee Resource Groups. We have 13 unique Employee Resource Groups, which are open to all team members, that foster connection, engagement, and community involvement. Supply Chain Resources We manage our responsible business practices in one of the world’s largest supply chains, which involves hundreds of thousands of people around the world. Driving responsible manufacturing through robust assurance practices, including human rights due diligence and environmental stewardship, is fundamental to achieving our purpose of creating technologies that drive human progress, as well as building trust, driving innovation, and operating responsibly. 12 Table of Contents Dell Technologies works to ensure that we and our suppliers manufacture our products responsibly. We seek to monitor factories’ adherence to the Responsible Business Alliance (“RBA”) Code of Conduct using third-party audits. Our specialists work closely with suppliers to help identify the root causes of any concerns identified during audits and drive improvement. To proactively address risks, we provide resources to suppliers for skills building in areas such as forced labor and health and safety. By systematically assessing risks and adverse impacts, engaging directly with suppliers, and building workers’ capabilities in our supply chain, we strive for accountability, transparency, and continuous improvement for ourselves and our business partners. Information about our supply chain sustainability progress is available on our website. Human Rights At Dell Technologies, upholding and advancing respect for the fundamental human rights of all people is core to our business strategy, purpose, and commitment to drive human progress and create a positive and lasting societal impact. Our policies and practices are guided by the United Nations’ Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises on Responsible Business Conduct. We endeavor to ensure that we are not complicit in human rights violations, and we hold our suppliers and other business partners to this same standard. We believe in winning with integrity, and we use training and technology to assist our team members in applying the principles of integrity and compliance as part of everyday business transactions, activities, and decisions. Corporate Information We are a holding company that conducts our operations through subsidiaries. The mailing address of our principal executive offices is One Dell Way, Round Rock, Texas 78682. Our telephone number is 1-800-289-3355. Our website address is www.dell.com. We make available free of charge through our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information on, or accessible through, our website referred to above or any other website we refer to in this report is not part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this report. Information about our Executive Officers The following table sets forth, as of March 9, 2026, information about our executive officers, who are appointed by our Board of Directors. Name Age Position Michael S. Dell 61 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Jeffrey W. Clarke 63 Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer David Kennedy 49 Chief Financial Officer Richard J. Rothberg 62 General Counsel Jennifer D. Saavedra, Ph.D. 56 Chief Human Resources Officer William F. Scannell 63 President and Chief Customer Officer Geraldine Tunnell 50 Chief Marketing Officer Peter Trizzino 53 President, Global Sales 13 Table of Contents Michael S. Dell — Mr. Dell serves as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Dell Technologies. Mr. Dell served as Chief Executive Officer of Dell Inc. (“Dell”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies, from 1984 until July 2004 and resumed that role in January 2007. In 1998, Mr. Dell formed MSD Capital, L.P., now DFO Management, LLC, a private investment firm, that exclusively manages the capital for the Dell family. In 1999, he established his family foundation, the Michael & Susan Dell Foundation, with the mission of building pathways that change lives throughout the world. Mr. Dell is an honorary member of the Foundation Board of the World Economic Forum and is an executive committee member of the International Business Council. He serves as a member of the Technology CEO Council and is a member of the Business Roundtable. He also serves on the advisory board of Tsinghua University’s School of Economics and Management in Beijing, China, and on the governing board of the Indian School of Business in Hyderabad, India. Mr. Dell is chairman of the BDT & MSD Advisory Board. In June 2014, Mr. Dell was named the United Nations Foundation’s first Global Advocate for Entrepreneurship. Mr. Dell served as Non-Executive Chairman of SecureWorks Corp., formerly a public majority-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies and a global provider of intelligence-driven information security solutions, from December 2015 until it was acquired by Sophos Inc. in February 2025 and as Chairman of the Board of Directors of VMware, Inc., a cloud infrastructure and digital workspace technology company that was formerly a public majority-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies, from September 2016 until it was acquired by Broadcom Inc. in November 2023. Jeffrey W. Clarke — Mr. Clarke serves as Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer of Dell Technologies, responsible for running day-to-day business operations, shaping Dell Technologies’ strategic agenda, and setting priorities across the Dell Technologies executive leadership team. Mr. Clarke directs the Infrastructure Solutions Group and the Client Solutions Group and manages Global Operations, including manufacturing, procurement, and supply chain. He is also responsible for setting the long-term strategy and leads planning for emerging technology areas such as Cloud, Edge, Telecom, and as-a-Service. Mr. Clarke served as Chief Operating Officer from December 2019 to August 2021 before resuming that role in August 2023 and as Co-Chief Operating Officer from August 2021 until August 2023, and has served as Vice Chairman since September 2017, before which he served as Vice Chairman and President, Operations and Client Solutions with Dell Technologies and, previously, Dell, since January 2009. From January 2003 until January 2009, Mr. Clarke served as Senior Vice President, Business Product Group. From November 2001 to January 2003, Mr. Clarke served as Vice President and General Manager, Relationship Product Group. In 1995, Mr. Clarke became the director of desktop development. Mr. Clarke joined Dell in 1987 as a quality engineer and has served in a variety of other engineering and management roles. Before joining Dell, Mr. Clarke served as a reliability and product engineer at Motorola, Inc, a global technology company. David Kennedy — Mr. Kennedy serves as Chief Financial Officer of Dell Technologies. In this role, in which he has served since September 2025, Mr. Kennedy oversees all aspects of Dell Technologies’ finance organization, including accounting, financial planning and analysis, tax, treasury and investor relations, as well as corporate development, global business operations and Dell Financial Services. He also partners closely with the offices of the CEO and COO on Dell Technologies’ long-term strategy to create value for Dell Technologies’ stakeholders. Mr. Kennedy served as Senior Vice President, Global Business Operations, Finance from February 2023 to September 2025 and, prior to that service, as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for Global Sales from February 2020 to February 2023, and as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Dell Technologies’ Client Solutions Group from April 2017 to February 2020. He joined Dell in 1998 and has served in various leadership roles spanning key areas. Richard J. Rothberg — Mr. Rothberg serves as General Counsel and Secretary for Dell Technologies. In this role, in which he has served since November 2013, Mr. Rothberg oversees the global legal department and manag
[...TRUNCATED...]