TICKER=DG.PA|YEAR=2023|CAT=eu|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat3-european/DG.PA/annual-text/2023.txt
risk factors that are likely to have an impact on the aims being achieved and
the opportunities that could improve performance. Providing an awareness of the responsibilities related to
identifying, assessing and managing risks should be spread out through all appropriate levels of our organization.
A formal and more accurate report of the main risks for the Group and the methods of management and control of
these is shown in the chapter on “Risk factors” on pages 97 et seq. of this report.
Thanks to a structured process aimed at understanding and analyzing our main risks, we are able to assess the
adequacy of the existing internal control systems, implement relevant action plans for their improvement and, more
generally, to provide increased protection for our Group's enterprise value in compliance with applicable laws and
regulations.

Risk management system
The risk management system is based on a clearly defined risk management process and organization:
 • the organization is placed under the responsibility of our Insurance and Risk Management department, which is
     supported by two committees (the audit committee and the Group executive committee) which validate our
     risk management policy and the processes used to identify, assess and address risks. The organization also
     includes “risk owners”, whose role is to define and oversee the action plans for the Group's major risks;
 • the risk management process is based on:
       – identifying risks: through the risk map of the Group’s major risks, its main exposures can be assessed. It
       was fully updated in 2021;
       – assessing risks: senior managers play an active role in assessing and prioritizing the risks identified. These
       managers have extensive experience in the animal health sector and the company itself, which represents an
       asset with regard to ascertaining the impact, the occurrence and the management of each risk;
       – addressing risks: each risk classified as a major risk has been analyzed and prioritized. A risk owner has
       been appointed for each major risk. The risk owners are mainly the senior managers who are members of the
       three committees referred to above. Their role is to design and implement action plans in coordination with
       the different operational and functional organizations, in order to limit the company's exposure to the risks
       for which they are responsible;
       – management of actions: our Insurance and Risk Management department coordinates the whole process in
       partnership with the risk owners.

For Virbac, risk management forms part of a continuous improvement cycle of the internal control system by
becoming anchored in company processes and consistently taking into account the fundamental issues that can be
found in our organization, whether it is operational, legal, regulatory or related to governance.




94
                                                                    MANAGEMENT REPORT | FINANCIAL REPORT




Suitable control activities supporting the process of preparing and processing
accounting and financial information
Our system not only covers the processes for preparing financial information, but also all the upstream operational
processes that help to produce this information. Internal control in all its forms, but especially the one related to
finance and operations, is essential for our company. Our ongoing aim is to maintain the balance between the
decentralization required for our activities, better operational and financial control and the dissemination of skills
and best practices.

Dedicated financial organization
Our control system and our procedures for producing accounting and financial information are consistent within our
Group. Our system is made up of a cross-functional accounting organization throughout our Group, harmonized
accounting standards, one single consolidated reporting system and quality control of the financial and accounting
information produced.
Accounting and financial operations are managed by our Group Financial Affairs department. In 2019, the Financial
Affairs department decided to make some organizational changes so as to be more efficient and further optimize its
resources.

This organization now includes:
 • a Financial Affairs department that oversees the following activities:
       – all accounting services (accounts receivable, accounts payable and general accounting). These services are
       grouped under the same management, which will increase synergies and cross-functionality;
       – the Treasury and Financing department, which is mainly responsible for coordinating and monitoring our
       Group’s financial debt and financial result reporting. With regard to exposure to exchange rate risks in
       particular, the guidelines of the Financial Affairs department forbid speculation and only allow for the hedging
       of positions that, whether current or future, are certain;
       – the Consolidation and Reporting department: resulting from a merger of the statutory and management
       teams, this new department aims to streamline the preparation of financial information and analyses and
       improve data production times, both current and forecasted; it now handles statutory consolidation as well as
       management consolidation, which allows for monitoring and analysis of the company’s internal performance;
       it is also responsible for the correct implementation of international accounting standards throughout the
       Group;
       – the Tax department: this department, also newly-established, serves as an expert in international tax
       standards. It strengthens headquarters’ presence within our subsidiaries to help them face ever-increasing
       regulatory challenges;
 • a Group Controlling department responsible for the reporting and analysis of Business, Industrial, R&D and
     support services activities;
 • a Financial Studies and Projects department: among other things, this department is responsible for ensuring
     financial support for acquisition projects. It is also responsible for system implementation and transformation,
     in partnership with the Information Systems department. Lastly, it plays a major role in monitoring our
     external financial communications and our investor relations.

The financial directors of each subsidiary play a key role on behalf of the decentralized organization for the
accounting and financial functions. They are mainly responsible for ensuring that all internal accounting and
financial control procedures are applied correctly in every subsidiary. Each subsidiary financial director reports
functionally to an area financial controller who operates at the area level. On a functional level, it reports to a Group
manager of Management Control.

Suitable tools: procedures and reference frameworks
The accounting and financial rules set out in the special instructions, drafted by our Group Financial Affairs
department, apply to all operational and legal entities in the Group. In compliance with the IFRS (International
financial reporting standards) adopted in the European Union, these rules include the following factors:
  • a reminder of the general accounting principles and instructions that must be followed;
  • a detailed chart of accounts;
  • a confirmation of the Group accounting methods applicable for the most significant items and/or transactions;
  • control procedures for the largest account categories, and in particular the main reconciliations to be carried
     out for controlling the information produced;
  • rules defining the framework of the management information known as financial handbook;
  • rules to be followed in order to manage cash flow requirements and financing thereof, investments of cash
     surpluses, hedging of exchange rate risks.

Our financial affairs department regularly updates these documents, in particular each time new accounting
standards are modified or applied. We have set up a reporting system, which has been deployed in all our entities in
order to ensure the quality and reliability of the financial information. It is supplied via the local accounting data,
either by an interface, by drawing the required data from the ERP (Enterprise resource planning), financial modules
available to our entities, or by manual entry.
We have defined special procedures for off-balance sheet commitments. These latter items stem essentially from
guarantees provided by our company. The provision of securities, deposits and guarantees is subject to the
following controls:
  • for our parent company, special authorizations from the board of directors whenever such guarantees exceed
     the annual authorization limits given to the chief executive officer;
  • for our subsidiaries, material off-balance sheet commitments must be reviewed in advance by the parent
     company.



                                                                                                                      95
Formal processes
The financial processes we have implemented contribute to the quality and reliability of the accounting and financial
information.
Accounting (statutory) and management consolidation processes are now the responsibility of the single
Consolidation and Reporting department.

Accounting consolidation process
Information is generated via the half-yearly and annual consolidation process underpinned by accounting principles
applicable to all our subsidiaries, thereby ensuring consistency of methodology.

Management consolidation process and reporting
Our Consolidation and Reporting department coordinates the monthly budgetary consolidation and reporting
process within our Group, using information provided by our different operational departments and our affiliates.
Concordance between the management information from reporting and the accounting data constitutes the key
principle of control for ensuring the reliability of accounting and financial information. The management reporting
system is used to monitor the monthly results and the main management indicators and to compare them with the
budget and with the results from the previous financial year. The management indicators are explained and
analyzed by our consolidation and reporting department in collaboration with our local financial directors.
Each month, the general management examines the summaries from the management reporting, analyzes the
significant variations and decides on any corrective actions to be implemented whenever necessary.

Treasury process
A process for establishing an annual treasury plan was also implemented across the Group, making it possible to
control and consolidate the forecasts of cash movements of our subsidiaries, a sign of the accuracy of sales and
expenditure forecasts and of working capital requirement management: customer collection, stock management
and supplier payment terms.
Our policy of pooling excess cash and financing requirements daily in the euro zone allows us to reduce our net
positions and manage our deposits or financings in an optimized way. Outside Europe, our policy of cash pooling
was also implemented in order to limit counterparty risks and to optimize the use of lines of credit.


Items likely to have an impact in the event of a public offer
Pursuant to article L225-100-3 of the French commercial code, the items likely to have an impact in the event of a
public offer, i.e. the existence of a double voting right granted to all shares registered in the name of the same
shareholder for at least two years, are set out in the annual report on page 158.
Thus our main shareholder, the Dick family group, holds 49.7% of shares and 66.2% of voting rights.


Management of systems and areas for improvement

Actions to monitor and improve systems
We implement continuous improvement actions for our risk management and internal control systems under the
supervision of the audit committee and the board of directors.

Board of directors
The role of our board of directors and its special committees is described on pages 110-126 of this report.

Group executive committee
Our Group executive committee is responsible for defining and managing the approach to internal control and risk
management, relying on our different operational departments to implement these measures (see page 92 of this
report). Our functional departments carry out investigations into operations in their respective areas through their
network of experts or via regular audits (see page 93 of this report).

Statutory auditors
All the accounting and financial elements prepared by our consolidated subsidiaries are subject to, at least, a limited
audit during half-yearly closing for the most significant entities, and to an audit carried out by our external auditors
when the year closes. The audit tasks in the different countries are given to the members of our Group's network of
statutory auditors. They certify the regularity, sincerity and fair view presented by the consolidated accounts and
the individual statutory accounts. They are informed of the key factors in the financial year ahead in the process of
preparing the financial statements and they present a summary of their work to the Group accounting and financial
managers and to the audit committee at the half-yearly stage and when the year closes.

Financial communication
The importance and increasing role of communication and the need to deliver comprehensive, quality financial
information have led us to acquire the functions and skills required to present this information and to control risks
to the corporate reputation.

Annual report and periodic financial information
Our Financial Affairs department is responsible for preparing our annual report and periodic financial information,
working closely with our Corporate Communications department, which involves, in particular:
 • defining and validating information in the annual report, the half-year report and periodic financial
    announcements;


96
                                                                   MANAGEMENT REPORT | FINANCIAL REPORT




 •   supervising the work carried out by the annual report steering committee;
 •   distributing financial information;
 •   applying the stock market regulations regarding financial communication and managing relations with the AMF.

Press releases
Our Corporate Communications department is responsible for media activities which could have an impact on the
image, reputation and integrity of the Virbac brand name. To achieve this, it works very closely with the Financial
Affairs department, in particular in activities and by distributing information which could have an impact on Virbac's
share price.



RISK FACTORS
Like any organization, our Group is prompted to take risks, look for opportunities and create value. The stake of our
Group's general risk management mechanism lies in its ability to identify risks, whether they are recurrent or
emerging, and to control them over time.
Throughout 2023, we continued our efforts with the roll-out of our general risk management process through
reliance on our risk management information system that was implemented in 2014. More specifically, in 2023, we
continued to work on updating action plans to mitigate the key risks identified as part of the latest Group risk
mapping update.
Generally speaking, each risk identified is described in detail and assigned to a risk owner in charge of providing
follow-up as well as defining and managing the implementation of adequate control measures.
We presented the organization and methods for how the tool was implemented within our Group in detail in the
preceding paragraph of the report.
As part of the major risk mapping update performed in 2021, we had conducted a review of risks that could have a
significant adverse effect on our business, our financial situation or our profit, and we consider that, so far, and to
the best of our knowledge, there are no significant risks other than those presented in this report.
However, certain risks not detailed here or not identified to date may potentially affect our Group's results,
objectives, image or share price.


Risks related to the Group’s business activities and strategy
The animal health market has undergone significant changes over recent years which have given rise to new
challenges for the animal health sector which our Group has taken into account in its strategy (by market and by
species).

Risks related to innovation process (research, development and licensing) and product
registration

Risk factors
The field of the veterinary pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive, and every year, in order to meet changing
market needs, maintain our market share and ensure our development, we devote significant resources to research
and development.
In 2023, we committed 9,1% of our revenue (before R&D tax credit) to our RDL (Research, development and
licensing), before taking into account the research tax credit. The R&D process usually extends over several years
and has various stages for testing, among other things, the efficacy and safety of products. In each of these stages,
there is a risk that the objectives are not met and that a project where large amounts were invested is abandoned,
including at an advanced stage of development.
Once the research and development phase is complete, as a veterinary pharmaceutical company, we must obtain,
where necessary, all the administrative authorizations required, the marketing authorizations, to market our
products. This phase is often long and complex, and we have no guarantee of success. Indeed, the filing of a
registration dossier with the appropriate authority provides no automatic guarantee that the authorization to market
the product will be granted. Such authorization may be only partial, i.e. limited to certain countries or indications.
Once a MA has been obtained, products are subject to ongoing controls and their marketing may potentially be
restricted, or they may be withdrawn from the market. Our products placed on the market may also be subject to
regulatory developments, which in some cases could require a new registration and therefore the performance of
new clinical trials.
Consequently, the current investments in respect of the development and launch of future products may involve
costs that will not necessarily generate additional revenue.
Along with in-house R&D projects which are the subject of extremely defined processes and regular monitoring of
the various projects underway, we also pursue a license acquisition policy allowing us to have access to new
products ready to be marketed or projects under development that we oversee to completion. In the same way as
with in-house R&D projects, there is always a risk that these projects will not be successful or that the commercial
potential will prove to be less attractive than expected, possibly resulting in these assets being impaired.

Risk management mechanisms
We seek to limit these risks by first employing stringent selection criteria for the research and development projects
in which we invest. Similarly, we use in-depth research to target the products for which licenses must be granted.
Finally, we rely on the expertise of our Regulatory Affairs department which is responsible for filing, monitoring and
renewing Marketing authorizations.
The animal health market is highly regulated and we display a very strong commitment to compliance by putting in
place all necessary means to achieve it.



                                                                                                                    97
Risks associated with the emergence of a pandemic

Risk factors
Like all companies, we can be exposed to viral pandemic like the Covid-19 one.
Some of our suppliers or production sites could be located in areas with a higher circulation of the virus, which could
consequently impact our production level. The same goes for our head office and our subsidiaries, where certain
processes or the health of our employees could have been affected. Lastly, our business could also be affected by a
global slowdown or economic standstill caused by the emergence of a pandemic. This could occur, for example, due
to a drop in visits to veterinarians or to a strain on the distribution of products.

Risk management provisions
During the Covid-19 pandemic, a crisis unit has been set up to monitor the situation resulting from this pandemic
and make the necessary decisions.
Very strict health measures have been deployed in all our units, aimed primarily at safeguarding the health of our
employees. Teleworking has been massively deployed in all activities that do not require an on-site presence. For
other activities (production, R&D, etc.), critical processes have been reviewed to maintain our activity levels and to
meet the medicinal needs of our customers. We have also reviewed stock levels, identified risk areas and prepared
the activation of alternative sources, where applicable. These measures may be reactivated in the event of a new
pandemic.

Risks associated with product compliance

Risk factors
Our Group may also be exposed to a temporary or permanent suspension of the operation of its products if they
present, in the opinion of the competent authorities, a critical deviation from the regulations in force concerning
them.

Risk management mechanisms
Our Group strives to ensure that our factories and manufacturing processes meet the highest level of compliance
with existing benchmarks (Good manufacturing practices and others). We have defined and rolled out a quality
management mechanism in all our manufacturing facilities worldwide. This mechanism helps to flag and correct any
identified deviation between a manufactured product and its regulatory framework. The Quality Assurance
department is responsible for defining and rolling out this system throughout our Group, and ensures proper
implementation of the system by conducting its own audits. It also provides follow-up on action plans related to
recommendations it may be called upon to make.

Risks associated with product liability

Risk factors
Our product liability may be questioned if adverse side effects from drugs occur (not detected during clinical trials
prior to MA) or if any default in quality should occur. The consequences of such events could be the recall of
marketed batches, or loss, temporary or permanent, of the MA. If our liability were to be confirmed relative to
major claims, our financial position could be greatly affected, as well as our reputation. Drug recall costs would also
be added in the event of a quality problem.

Risk management mechanisms
We constantly strengthen our pharmacovigilance procedures and our quality checks on all products that we market.
In the context of pharmacovigilance procedures, we conduct a systematic review and regular analysis of the safety
profile of our products to ensure the safe use of drugs by monitoring the side effects attributable thereto.
Moreover, we have product liability insurance that applies to all subsidiaries.

Risks associated with the distribution channels

Risk factors
We operate in a large number of countries, either through our subsidiaries or through distributors in countries
where we do not have subsidiary. We have numerous distribution channels, and their characteristics depend on the
country of marketing. However, our products are primarily distributed through wholesalers and purchasing groups
which supply veterinarians. Despite the supervision of these relationships by contracts that are regularly revised,
this distribution mode could create for our Group some dependency or insufficient control of our presence and our
development.
Moreover, in certain countries the animal health sector has shown for some years now a trend towards the
concentration of distributors and veterinarians within veterinary clinics networks. Likewise, new distribution
channels, such as the Internet, for example, have appeared. We remain vigilant about these developments and
their potential subsequent impacts on our revenue and margins.

Risk management mechanisms
To reduce our dependence on distributors and reduce the effects of potential consolidation, we have implemented a
policy of securing our margins and consolidating our market positions. This policy involves systematically studying
the possibility of bringing distribution in-house whenever sales are of a sufficient size in a given market. We then
opt for the most appropriate solution, either acquiring our distributor or establishing a new distribution business. In




98
                                                                    MANAGEMENT REPORT | FINANCIAL REPORT




2023, we bought our historic distributor in the Czech Republic and Slovakia, and we created Virbac Ireland at the
beginning of the year.
In more general terms, we strive to constantly adapt our marketing strategy in order to limit associated risks, and
to take advantage of the opportunities which arise from these changes.

Risks related to increased competition

Risk factors
The animal health sector has become increasingly competitive. Our products are sold in competitive markets in
terms of pricing, financial conditions and product quality.
We often face strong competitors larger than ourselves or with greater resources. A consolidation trend has
emerged in recent years with the grouping of certain laboratories (through mergers or acquisitions, or through the
sale of their animal health or human health activities). New forms of competition can also be seen, such as the
verticalization of activities among certain large distributors, local development of innovative players in niche
markets, or even new strategic partnerships between smaller market players. These developments could alter our
competitive environment, thereby impacting volumes and/or prices.

Risk management mechanisms
We analyze and constantly monitor the movements of our competitors across all markets. We have a policy of
external growth through acquisitions and/or partnerships, enabling us notably to participate in the on-going
consolidation in the sector.
Furthermore, we remain on the lookout for opportunities that could arise from mergers between major players
(divestment of businesses).

Risks related to the external growth policy of the Group

Risk factors
Since our inception, we have pursued an active external growth policy that has led us to be present today in many
countries and to have a wide range of products. We aim to continue this policy in the future to bolster our
geographic presence and product offerings.
This choice of growth through acquisition entails financial and operational risks, especially related to the valuation of
assets and liabilities and the integration of employees, activities and products purchased.
These acquisitions involve, in particular, the following uncertainties:
 • the assumptions of future profitability taken into account in valuations that could not be verified;
 • we may not successfully integrate acquired companies and their product ranges.
This external growth can sometimes take the form of a partnership (joint-venture) whereby we do not directly or
solely engage in managing the operations of the businesses in which we have invested. This situation may result in
governance issues if the various shareholders are not aligned on strategic objectives.

Risk management mechanisms
We have defined a rigorous process for mergers and acquisitions to cover the analysis of potential targets and the
integration of acquired companies:
  • applying strict criteria for investment profitability;
  • establishing expert, multidisciplinary teams, supported where necessary by external consultants, in charge of
     implementing in-depth due diligence.
This process requires the approval of the chief executive officer and/or the board of directors prior to any
acquisition.
We now have experience gained from past acquisitions which allows us to understand a wide variety of situations
related to this type of partnership.

Risks associated with the ability to attract and retain key talent

Risk factors
In France, the key skills sought for core functions (Industry/Quality Assurance/R&D) are in high demand throughout
the pharmaceutical, human and veterinary medicine industries. In addition to competition amongst employers, the
geographical location of the head office can represent a limitation to hiring, given the limited pool for spousal
employment, coupled with the high cost-of-living in the region, particularly the cost of real estate.
Meanwhile, in emerging countries, the job market is very dynamic, and our size and reputation cannot always
attract the best talent.

Risk management mechanisms
The ability to identify, recruit, integrate, develop and retain the key talent we need in order to achieve our
development plan is a major challenge for our Group, not to mention a priority for the Human Resources
department, which serves as a liaison with the main functional and operational departments in question.
With that in mind, the HR talent management strategy consists of repeatedly and continually pointing out the
dynamic and competitive nature of our Group from a standpoint of career development and compensation, while
stepping up our presence in schools and universities, as well as partnerships with major employment stakeholders
in the industry.
So as to reinforce this strategy, over the last few years, we have developed an employer offering which formalizes
internal and external communication in the Group as an employer. We now have a strong employer message to
support our growth both in France and abroad by making retention of key talent one of our priorities.




                                                                                                                      99
Country risk

Risk factors
We are an international group, which may have to operate in countries subject to certain geopolitical and economic
instability and in which we have production units.

Risk management mechanisms
We remain vigilant, and closely follow the level of political or economic instability in certain countries to anticipate
possible response or prevention methods if the level were to reach a magnitude that could have a major impact on
employees, assets or our operations.
Additionally, we use Coface hedging, the leading French insurance company specializing in export credit insurance
to secure our operations in certain regions.


Industrial and environmental risks
Because of our activities carried out in various strategic sites worldwide, we are subject to industrial and
environmental risks which could result in significant additional operating costs and liability in case of fire or
explosion.
The ultimate risk would be temporary or permanent closure of a site for non-compliance with certain rules or
following a major incident.
However, we pay a particular attention to industrial risk prevention and environmental protection, in line with our
social and environmental policy.
The responsibility for industrial risk management falls mainly to the line managers, who monitor compliance with
regulations and standards in this field by implementing operating procedures, quality systems and a series of
security measures, as defined and dictated by our Group, in cooperation with our insurers.
More information regarding the industrial and environmental risk factors related to our activities can be found in the
Statement of non-financial performance on pages 10 et seq.

Risks related to the use of hazardous materials

Risk factors
As part of our veterinary medicine manufacturing business, we use substances that present health, fire and/or
explosion, air pollution and spillage risks during the various phases of the production and marketing processes
(R&D, manufacturing, storage and transport). These risks could, should they materialize, cause damage to persons,
property and the environment.

Risk management mechanisms
To limit these risks, and as a minimum, we comply with the safety measures required by the laws and regulations in
force, implement Good manufacturing and laboratory practices, and ensure that our employees are trained. Our
manufacturing sites and research and development facilities are also regularly inspected by regulatory authorities.

Risk of business interruption due to equipment or strategic facilities losses or downtime

Risk factors
Like any industrial activity, our production sites are exposed to the possibility of unforeseen incidents that could
result in the temporary suspension of production or permanent closure of the site.
These potential incidents are of various types: fire, machine breakdown, explosion, natural disaster, contamination,
malicious acts or storage of hazardous materials.
Furthermore, considering the specific nature of the pharmaceutical industry, a national health authority may be
called upon in certain situations to impose an administrative business suspension. This may affect our ability to
achieve our goals, depending on the potential length of such a suspension.

Risk management mechanisms
We have developed a process to ensure safety in our industrial facilities. The probability of such events occurring
and any related potential impact production levels and profits are therefore limited by the following measures:
 • buildings are in compliance with regulatory safety requirements (e.g. standardized fire detection systems on
     the sites);
 • annual audits of facilities are performed;
 • insurers make preventive visits and audits;
 • ongoing investments are made to improve and secure production-related operations activities.

In 2013, we set up a new structure by creating a Global Industrial and Corporate Quality Assurance department
that aims to develop and sustain the production assets over time. This allows, on one hand, to comply with all
applicable local regulations, and on the other hand, to create conditions for greater flexibility and synergy with our
different production sites. This organization evolved in 2023, separating Corporate Quality Assurance from
Industrial Management to strengthen internal control of these strategic topics for our Group. Additionally, in the
past few years, we have significantly enhanced our industrial and quality assurance processes at the St. Louis site
in the United States, which led the FDA in 2019 to confirm the GMP status of this site after an audit. Finally, we
have taken out operating loss insurance, which also covers for losses incurred as a consequence of a deficiency
from our suppliers.




100
                                                                    MANAGEMENT REPORT | FINANCIAL REPORT




EHS risks (Environment, health and safety)

Risk factors
As part of our activities, we are subject to a set of regulations related to health, safety and environmental issues.
The majority of the production sites in France are subject to operating regulations issued by the supervisory
authorities.
These regulations include requirements that our sites must meet regarding environmental matters, including waste
management, the volume and quality of water discharges, and safety and risk prevention rules.
The operating regulations to which our sites are subject are at declaration or authorization level. No site is subject
to regulation of the European Seveso directive.
Failure to comply with these regulations could result in fines and financial burden and potentially lead to the closure
of a site by the administrative authorities.
Meanwhile, given the nature of our activity, we may have an impact on the environment even if it does not cause
visual, noise or olfactory pollution.
Finally, given the nature of our industrial activities, the possibility of an accident occurring at the workplace (either
conventional or related to the risk of contamination by products) cannot be ruled out, even if the dangerousness of
such activities must be appreciated with regard to other industries considered more dangerous.

Risk management mechanisms
Protecting the environment and the safety of our employees are among our key priorities.
We pay special attention to ensure that our different sites comply with existing regulations. We have an EHS
department whose mission is to guide and assist the operational departments in developing and maintaining an
adequate level of protection for people and the environment.
Practically, the exposure of employees is covered by specific measures presented on pages 39-40 of the annual
report:
  • defining a clear and precise safety organization;
  • establishing a prevention policy and a continuous improvement approach.

For this purpose, we have pursued the implementation of tools and means of support for all teams thanks to:
  • the Reflex Prevention approach (awareness-raising and training of employees in work safety);
  • the analysis of accidents in the workplace as a performance indicator;
  • medical evaluation before each recruitment (for instance in the United States).
Finally, we take EHS matters into account during the due diligence of acquisition of new industrial sites.

Risks associated with the effects of climate change
We have not identified any significant financial risk associated with the short-term effects of climate change.
Currently, only three subsidiaries have their activity somehow exposed to climate effects. These are South Africa,
India and Australia: long periods of drought, or alternatively floods, could impact the financial situation of their
customers (mainly farmers), resulting in repercussions on the farm animal activity of these subsidiaries.

Risk management mechanisms
Generally speaking, we are strongly committed to preserving the environment. We therefore place particular
importance on measures to reduce our carbon footprint, particularly in terms of energy consumption (see
Statement of non-financial performance pages 55 to 67).




Legal risks
We give special importance to legal risk management, particularly given the complexity and growing intensity of the
competitive and regulatory environment and our growth. The Legal department oversees the prevention and
management of legal risks in conjunction with other departments and operational teams.

Risks related to the maintenance of intellectual property rights

Risk factors
Our success rests largely on our ability to obtain and effectively protect our intellectual property rights and, in
particular, our brands, our registration files, formulae, technology and our trademarks.
We incur a dual risk: the risk of a competitor attacking or exploiting our intellectual property rights, and the risk of
being sued for infringement by third party rights holders.

Risk management mechanisms
The protection of our intellectual property relies on two departments working in close collaboration.
Within the R&D department, the role of the patents team includes:
 • drafting and filing patent applications related to innovative techniques or products;
 • monitoring the competition in order to guard against abusive use of rights by a third party;
 • analyzing third party patents from the development phase of new products in order to avoid exposure to a
     possible infringement situation.

The Legal department oversees, across the Group, the selection, registration and protection of the various brands
and registered domain names, opposes third-party brands that could be infringing on the Group's rights and
manages all disputes related to intellectual property. It also protects our patterns and models and raises awareness
among the various players in the company about the need to respect the rights of third parties.



                                                                                                                     101
Risks related to regulatory changes

Risk factors
Regulatory risks arise from our exposure to changes in laws and regulations, particularly those regarding public
health policies. Any changes in legislation may impact our profits and financial position.
We must obtain and retain Marketing authorizations required for the manufacture and sale of our products. Given
our international presence, those regulatory authorizations are issued by authorities or agencies in several
countries. Withdrawal of a previous authorization or not obtaining authorization for a new product may have an
adverse effect on our operating profits.
It should be noted that the pharmaceutical industry is subject to increased attention from authorities and the public,
which results in the regular issuance of tougher governing rules.

Risk management mechanisms
Each of our functional and operational department is responsible for implementing an ongoing monitoring
mechanism in order to identify or anticipate any regulatory change which could impact our activities.
Where appropriate, each department may be required to rely on local experts in those countries where our Group
distributes its products.
A Group Regulatory and Public Affairs department provides permanent monitoring of the pharmaceutical regulations
to which our Group is subject.

Risk of litigation

Risk factors
Our company is established worldwide. In the conduct of our business, we may be involved in disputes, legal,
arbitration or administrative proceedings and class actions anywhere in the world. All significant disputes are
routinely assessed and managed by the Legal department, with the assistance, where necessary, of external
consultants.

Risk management mechanisms
We consider that the provisions recorded in the accounts in respect of these disputes are sufficient to cover the
exposed financial risk if convicted.
As of the date of this annual report and to our knowledge, there is no current legal proceeding in which our
company would be threatened that could have significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the
Group.


Financial risks
The financial risk management policy is controlled centrally by our Financial Affairs department and in particular its
Treasury and Financing department.
Strategies for financing, investment, and interest and exchange rate risk hedging are thus systematically reviewed
and monitored by the Financial Affairs department. The operations carried out by our local teams are also managed
and monitored by our Treasury and Financing department.
The holding of financial instruments is conducted with the sole purpose of reducing exposure to exchange rate and
interest rate risks and has no speculation purpose.

Market risks

Currency exchange risks

    ■ Risk factors
The currency risk arises from the impact of fluctuations in exchange rates on the Group's financial flows when
carrying out our activities. Due to our strong international presence, we are exposed to the foreign exchange risk on
transactions, and the foreign exchange risk on the conversion of the financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries.

    ■ Risk management mechanisms
Our policy is to hedge foreign currency risk on transactions when the extent of exposure and the risk of currency
fluctuations are high. Accordingly, we use various instruments available on the market and generally employ foreign
exchange forwards or options. The details associated with this risk are presented in note A33 of the consolidated
accounts.

Interest rate risks

   ■ Risk factors
Our income statement may be impacted by the interest rate risk. In fact, unfavorable rate changes can thus have a
negative impact on our financing costs and future cash flows.
Our exposure to the interest rate risk arises from the fact that our main lines of credit are at variable rate;
therefore the cost of debt may increase in the event of a rise in interest rates.

   ■ Risk management mechanisms
To manage these risks and optimize the cost of our debt, we monitor developments and market rate expectations,
and we limit our exposure by establishing interest rate hedges, with instruments available on the market such as




102
                                                                    MANAGEMENT REPORT | FINANCIAL REPORT




caps or swaps of interest rates (fixed rate) not exceeding the length and value of our actual commitments. The
details associated with this risk are presented in note A33 of the consolidated accounts.
Following the announcement by the UK Financial conduct authority (FCA) of its intention to no longer compel banks
to contribute to the Libor quotations and in order to ensure the continuity of our financial activities, we ensured that
the financing contracts whose interest rates were indexed to the Libor which were to be eliminated on
December 31, 2021 had been renegotiated. In choosing the replacement index, we preferred th
[...TRUNCATED...]