TICKER=DHR|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/DHR_2026-02-24.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents we file with the SEC. We have identified the risks and uncertainties described below, some of which we have experienced and any of which may occur in the future, as material, but they are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as market conditions, economic conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws, regulations or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest rates, terrorism, wars or conflicts, major health concerns including pandemics, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected business conditions. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business and financial statements, including our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition and our stock price. Business and Strategic Risks Conditions in the global economy, the particular markets we serve and the financial markets can adversely affect our business and financial statements. Our business is sensitive to general economic conditions, such as elevated inflation and interest rates that have been experienced in domestic and international markets in recent years as well as the policy disruptions and uncertainties that have followed the 2025 change in administration in the U.S. Our operational costs, including the cost of energy, materials, labor, distribution and our other operational and facilities costs are subject to market conditions, including inflationary pressures. In addition to inflation and interest rates, slower economic growth in the domestic and/or international markets, actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt, volatility in the currency and credit markets, high levels of unemployment or underemployment, labor availability constraints, reduced levels of capital expenditures, changes or anticipation of potential changes in government trade, fiscal, tax and monetary policies (including as a result of the 2025 change in administration in the U.S.), government stimulus measures and the anticipation thereof, changes in capital requirements for financial institutions, government budget negotiation dynamics, sequestration or government shut-downs, austerity measures and other challenges that affect economies of the world have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, the Company and its distributors, customers and suppliers, including having the effect of: • reducing demand for our products and services, limiting the financing available to our customers and suppliers, increasing order cancellations and resulting in longer sales cycles and slower adoption of new technologies; • increasing the difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and the risk of excess and obsolete inventories; • increasing price competition in our served markets; • supply interruptions, delays or cost increases, which can disrupt our ability to produce or deliver our products and/or increase our costs; • increasing the risk of impairment of goodwill and other long-lived assets, and the risk that we may not be able to fully recover the value of other assets such as real estate and tax assets; • increasing the risk that counterparties to our contractual arrangements will become insolvent or otherwise unable to fulfill their contractual obligations which, in addition to increasing the risks identified above, could result in preference actions against us; and • adversely impacting market sizes and growth rates. 15 If growth in any key economy of the world or in any of the markets we serve slows for a significant period, if there is significant deterioration in any such economy or such markets or if economic improvements do not benefit the markets we serve, our business and financial statements can be adversely affected. We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. Even if we compete effectively, we may be required to reduce the prices we charge. Our businesses operate in industries that are intensely competitive and have been subject to increasing consolidation. Because of the range of the products and services we sell and the variety of markets we serve, we encounter a wide variety of competitors; refer to “Item 1. Business—Competition” for additional details. In order to compete effectively, we must retain longstanding relationships with major customers and continue to grow our business by establishing relationships with new customers, continually developing new products and services to maintain and expand our brand recognition and leadership position in various product and service categories and penetrating new markets, including high-growth markets. Our ability to compete can also be impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements (for example increased demand for products incorporating digital capabilities or more environmentally-friendly products and supplier practices) as well as changes in the way healthcare services are delivered (including the movement of some care from acute to non-acute settings and increased focus on chronic disease management). Cost containment efforts by governments and the private sector, particularly in the healthcare industry, are also resulting in increased emphasis on products that reduce costs and improve efficiency and effectiveness. In addition, significant shifts in industry market share have occurred and may in the future occur in connection with product problems, safety alerts and publications about products, reflecting the competitive significance of product quality, product efficacy and quality systems in our industry. Our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our business and financial statements, and our expansion into new markets may result in greater-than-expected risks, liabilities and expenses. In addition, the Company’s competitors and customers have from time to time introduced, and may in the future introduce, private label, generic or low-cost products that compete with the Company’s products at lower price points. New, disruptive technologies may also emerge and displace the Company’s existing technologies resulting in an adverse effect on the Company’s business and financial statements. Our growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. We generally sell our products and services in industries that are characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent new product introductions and changing industry standards. If we do not develop innovative new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis, our offerings will become obsolete over time and our business and financial statements will suffer. Our success depends on several factors, including our ability to: • correctly identify customer needs and preferences, predict future needs and preferences, anticipate and respond to our competitors’ innovation and allocate R&D funding accordingly; • differentiate our offerings from our competitors’ offerings and avoid commoditization; • innovate and develop new technologies and applications acquire or obtain rights to third-party technologies that may have valuable applications in our served markets and convince customers to adopt new technologies; • obtain adequate intellectual property rights with respect to key technologies before our competitors do; • successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner, price them competitively and cost-effectively manufacture and deliver sufficient volumes of new products of appropriate quality on time; and • obtain necessary regulatory approvals of appropriate scope (including with respect to medical device products by demonstrating satisfactory clinical results where applicable as well as achieving third-party reimbursement). If we fail to accurately predict future customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest heavily in R&D of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue, which would adversely affect our business and financial statements. Even when we successfully innovate and develop new and enhanced products and services, we often incur substantial costs in doing so, and our profitability may suffer. In addition, promising new offerings may fail to reach the market or realize only limited commercial success because of real or perceived efficacy or safety concerns, failure to achieve positive clinical outcomes, uncertainty over third-party reimbursement or entrenched patterns of clinical practice. Competitors may also develop after-market services and parts for our products which may detract from our sales. 16 The healthcare industry and related industries that we serve have undergone, and are in the process of undergoing, significant changes in an effort to reduce (and increase the predictability of) costs, which can adversely affect our business and financial statements. The healthcare industry and related industries that we serve have undergone, and are in the process of undergoing, significant changes in an effort to reduce (and increase the predictability of) costs, including the following: • Many of our customers, and the end-users to whom our customers supply products, rely on government funding of and reimbursement for healthcare products and services and research activities. The PPACA, healthcare austerity measures in other countries and other potential healthcare reform changes and government austerity measures have reduced and may further reduce the amount of government funding or reimbursement available to customers or end-users of our products and services and/or the volume of medical procedures using our products and services. For example, the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (“PAMA”) introduced a multi-year pricing program for services payable under the Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule (“CLFS”) that is designed to bring Medicare allowable amounts in line with the amounts paid by private payors. It is still unclear whether and to what extent these new rates will affect overall pricing and reimbursement for clinical laboratory testing services, but to the extent our customers conclude that Medicare reimbursement for these services is inadequate, it can adversely impact the prices at which we sell our products. In addition, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 contains various drug price negotiation, inflationary rebate and government-established pricing provisions with varying implementation dates and subjects manufacturers who fail to adhere to the government’s interpretation of the law to penalties. The 2025 change in U.S. administration may also result in further changes that unfavorably impact the healthcare industry and our business. • Other countries, as well as some private payors, also control the price of healthcare products, directly or indirectly, through reimbursement, payment, pricing or coverage limitations, tying reimbursement to outcomes or (in the case of governmental entities) through compulsory licensing or limiting of intellectual property protections. For example, China has introduced programs designed to lower prices for medical products and reduce healthcare costs (including a volume-based procurement program) that have unfavorably impacted our revenues and may continue to adversely affect our business and financial statements. Global economic uncertainty or deterioration can also adversely impact government funding and reimbursement. • Governmental and private healthcare providers and payors around the world are increasingly utilizing managed care for the delivery of healthcare services, centralizing purchasing, limiting the number of vendors that may participate in purchasing programs, forming group purchasing organizations, strategic alliances and integrated health delivery networks and pursuing consolidation to improve their purchasing leverage, using competitive bid processes to procure healthcare products and services and investing in healthcare practices to increase their control over healthcare spending. Payors are also seeking to improve price predictability in an effort to mitigate exposure to future price increases. These changes as well as other impacts from market demand, government regulations, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies and societal pressures are changing the way healthcare is delivered, reimbursed and funded and have in the past and could in the future cause participants in the healthcare industry and related industries that we serve to purchase fewer of our products and services, reduce the prices they are willing to pay for our products or services, reduce the amounts of reimbursement and funding available for our products and services from governmental agencies or third-party payors, heighten clinical data requirements, reduce the volume of medical procedures that use our products and services, affect the acceptance rate of new technologies and products and increase our compliance and other costs. In addition, we may be excluded from important market segments or unable to enter into contracts with group purchasing organizations and integrated health networks on terms acceptable to us, and even if we do enter into such contracts they may be on terms that negatively affect our current or future profitability. All of the factors described above can adversely affect our business and financial statements. Non-U.S. economic, political, legal, compliance, social and business factors can negatively affect our business and financial statements. In 2025 approximately 59% of our sales from continuing operations were derived from customers outside the U.S. In addition, many of our manufacturing operations, suppliers and employees are located outside the U.S. Since our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the U.S. and increase the localization of our products and services, we plan to continue to increase our sales and presence outside the U.S., particularly in the high-growth markets. Our non-U.S. business (and particularly our business in high-growth markets) is subject to risks that include: • trade protection measures, tariffs, embargoes and import or export restrictions and requirements; • public health crises and epidemics, such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic; • interruption in the transportation of materials to us and finished goods to our customers; 17 • increases in materials, energy, labor or other manufacturing-related costs or higher supply chain logistics costs; • differences in terms of sale, including longer payment terms than are typical in the U.S.; • local product preferences or requirements; • changes in a country’s or region’s political, legal, social, compliance, business or economic conditions, such as the devaluation of particular currencies or military conflict; • unexpected changes in laws or regulatory requirements, including changes in tax laws; • capital controls, limitations on ownership and on repatriation of earnings and cash and the potential for nationalization of enterprises; • changes in local healthcare delivery, payment and reimbursement policies and programs; • complex data privacy and cybersecurity requirements; • limitations on legal rights and our ability to enforce such rights, including differing protection of intellectual property; • difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; • workforce instability and differing labor or employment regulations; • difficulties in implementing restructuring actions on a timely or comprehensive basis; and • greater uncertainty, risk, expense and delay in commercializing products in certain foreign jurisdictions, including with respect to product and other regulatory approvals. International business risks have in the past and may in the future negatively affect our business and financial statements. In 2025 we generated approximately 11% of our sales from continuing operations from China. Accordingly, political, economic, legal, compliance, social and business conditions in China generally can adversely influence our business and financial statements. Additionally, China’s government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing sector-specific policies, and it maintains control over China’s economic growth through setting monetary policy and determining treatment of particular industries or companies. Further, considerable uncertainty exists regarding the long-term effects of the fiscal policies pursued by China as well as some of the world’s other leading economies. Uncertainty or adverse changes to conditions in China or the policies of China’s government or its laws and regulations can adversely affect the overall economic growth of China, or of the particular industries in which we participate, and have adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect our business and financial statements. Our growth can suffer if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve, and visibility into our markets can be limited (particularly for markets into which we sell through distribution). Our quarterly sales and profits depend substantially on the volume and timing of orders received during the quarter, which are difficult to forecast. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets can diminish demand for our products and services and adversely affect our business and financial statements and any failure to accurately forecast demand, cost levels and financial performance can adversely impact our business, financial statements and stock price. Certain of our businesses operate in industries that experience seasonality, or industries that have experienced and may continue to experience periodic, cyclical downturns. For example, demand for our molecular diagnostics products is typically heavier in anticipation of and during respiratory season, and in the past has been impacted and in the future will be impacted by the degree of severity of the flu and COVID-19 season as well as by outbreaks of other infectious diseases. Certain of our businesses have also experienced cyclical dynamics as a result of factors such as inventory de-stocking, high interest rates and depressed funding levels for biotechnology companies. In addition, lower levels of funding available to biotechnology companies (particularly smaller and emerging companies) in recent years has reduced demand for certain of our products and may have a similar impact in the future. In addition, in certain of our businesses demand depends on customers’ capital spending budgets, government funding policies (including research funding policies) and interest rates, and matters of public policy and government budget, fiscal and monetary dynamics as well as product and economic cycles can affect the spending decisions of these entities. The availability of governmental research funding has been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by policy changes, economic conditions and governmental spending reductions, including the downsizing or reduced funding of certain government agencies. 18 Demand for our products and services is also sensitive to changes in customer order patterns, which may be affected by announced price changes, marketing or promotional programs that may accelerate demand in a particular fiscal period and diminish demand in subsequent periods, new product introductions, the timing of industry trade shows and changes in distributor or customer inventory levels due to distributor or customer management thereof or other factors. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business and financial statements in any given period. Uncertainties with respect to the development, deployment, and use of AI in our business and products may result in harm to our business and reputation. We are in the early stages of incorporating AI, including machine learning technologies, into our business activities and our product and service offerings. As with many innovations, AI presents risks and challenges that could adversely impact our business. The development, adoption, and use of AI technologies are still in their early stages and ineffective, inadequate or premature AI development or deployment practices could result in unintended consequences such as competitive harm, regulatory penalties, legal liability or brand or reputational harm. For example, AI algorithms may be flawed or may be based on datasets that are biased or insufficient or contain errors. In addition, any disruption or failure in the AI functionality we incorporate into our business activities, products or services could adversely impact our business or result in delays or errors in our offerings. Conversely, any failure to successfully develop and deploy AI in our business activities, products and services could adversely affect our competitiveness (particularly if our competitors successfully deploy AI in their businesses, products and services), and the development and deployment of AI has required and will require additional investment that increases our costs. There also may be real or perceived social harm, unfairness, or other outcomes that could undermine public confidence in the use and deployment of AI. Incorporating AI into our business operations presents new risks relating to intellectual property, disclosure of confidential data, data protection, data privacy and cybersecurity. For example, incorporating confidential information into AI systems may result in the loss of intellectual property or attorney-client privilege protections, and our use of AI technologies to develop products or services may adversely affect our intellectual property rights or violate third-party intellectual property rights. Any of the foregoing may result in decreased demand for our products or harm to our business, financial statements or reputation. Compliance with new or changing laws, regulations or industry standards relating to AI may impose significant costs and may limit our ability to develop, deploy or use AI technologies. Failure to appropriately respond to this evolving landscape may result in legal liability, regulatory action, or brand and reputational harm. Global health crises, pandemics, epidemics or other outbreaks can adversely impact certain elements of our business and financial statements. Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics such as COVID-19. The global spread of COVID-19 led to unprecedented restrictions on, and disruptions in, business and personal activities, including as a result of preventive and precautionary measures that we, other businesses, our communities and governments undertook to mitigate the spread. Any future epidemic or pandemic could negatively impact the economies and financial markets of the world and our business and financial statements. To the extent we develop and sell products to address epidemics or pandemics, we may experience volatility and declines in demand that are unanticipated in timing or magnitude, which could adversely affect our business and financial statements. Certain of our businesses rely on relationships with business partners and other third-parties for development, supply and/or marketing of certain products, potential products and technologies, and such business partners or other third-parties could fail to perform sufficiently. For certain of our businesses, success in penetrating target markets depends in part on their ability to develop and maintain business relationships with other companies. Relying on these relationships is risky because, among other things, our business partners may (1) have insufficient capital resources or otherwise fail to devote sufficient resources to the success of our collaborations; (2) fail to obtain regulatory approvals necessary to continue the collaborations in a timely manner; (3) compete with us; (4) disagree with us on key details of the business relationship; (5) fail to comply with applicable laws, regulatory requirements and/or applicable contractual obligations; and (6) become insolvent or terminate or decline to renew existing relationships on acceptable terms, which may require us to devote additional resources to product development and commercialization and/or cancel programs. The realization of any of these risks could adversely affect our business and financial statements. Acquisition, Divestiture and Investment Risks Failing to consummate acquisitions at our historical rate and at appropriate prices, and to make appropriate investments that support our long-term strategy, can negatively impact our business. Our ability to grow revenues, earnings and cash flow at or above our historic rates depends in part upon our ability to identify and successfully acquire and integrate businesses at appropriate prices and realize anticipated synergies, and to make appropriate investments that support our long-term strategy. Over the past several years we have not 19 consummated acquisitions at rates similar to our historical practice and going forward we may not be able to consummate acquisitions at rates similar to our historical practice, which can adversely impact our business. Promising acquisitions and investments, such as our pending acquisition of Masimo Corporation, are difficult to identify and complete for a number of reasons, including high valuations, competition among prospective buyers or investors, the availability of affordable funding in the capital markets and the need to satisfy applicable closing conditions and obtain applicable antitrust and other regulatory approvals on acceptable terms. For example, antitrust scrutiny by regulatory agencies and changes to regulatory approval processes in the U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions may cause approvals to take longer than anticipated to obtain, may not be obtained at all, or may contain burdensome conditions, which may jeopardize, delay or reduce the anticipated benefits of acquisitions to us and could impede the execution of our business strategy. In addition, competition for acquisitions and investments has resulted and may result in higher purchase prices. Changes in accounting or regulatory requirements or instability in the credit markets could also adversely impact our ability to consummate acquisitions and investments. Our acquisition of businesses, investments, joint ventures and other strategic relationships can negatively impact our business and financial statements. As part of our business strategy, we acquire businesses, make investments and enter into joint ventures and other strategic relationships in the ordinary course, and we also from time to time complete more significant transactions; refer to “Item 7. MD&A” for additional details. Acquisitions (including our pending acquisition of Masimo Corporation), investments, joint ventures and strategic relationships involve a number of financial, accounting, managerial, operational, legal, compliance and other risks and challenges, including but not limited to the following, any of which can adversely affect our business and financial statements: • businesses, technologies, services and products that we acquire or invest in sometimes under-perform relative to our expectations and the price that we paid, fail to perform in accordance with our anticipated timetable or fail to achieve and/or sustain anticipated levels of profitability; • we from time to time incur or assume significant debt in connection with our acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships, which can also cause a deterioration of Danaher’s credit ratings, result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense and diminish our future access to the capital markets; • acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships can cause our financial results to differ from our own or the investment community’s expectations in any given period, or over the long-term; • pre-closing and post-closing earnings charges can adversely impact our results in any given period, and the impact may be substantially different from period-to-period; • acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships can create demands on our management, operational resources and financial and internal control systems that we are unable to effectively address; • we can experience difficulty in integrating cultures, personnel, operations and financial and other controls and systems and retaining key employees and customers, and former employees of our existing businesses or businesses we acquire sometimes compete with us; • we are not always able to achieve cost savings or other synergies anticipated in connection with acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships; • we have assumed and may assume unknown liabilities, known contingent liabilities that become realized, known liabilities that prove greater than anticipated, internal control deficiencies or exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from the acquired company’s or investee’s activities; and the realization of any of these liabilities or deficiencies can increase our expenses, adversely affect our financial position or cause us to fail to meet our public financial reporting obligations; • in connection with acquisitions and joint ventures, we often enter into post-closing financial arrangements such as purchase price adjustments, earn-out obligations and indemnification obligations, which can have unpredictable financial results and/or lead to disputes and litigation; • as a result of our acquisitions and investments, we have recorded significant goodwill and other assets on our balance sheet and if we are not able to realize the value of these assets, or if the value of our investments declines, we are required to incur impairment charges (see “Financial and Tax Risks—We may be required to recognize impairment charges for our goodwill and other intangible assets” for additional information); • we may have interests that diverge from those of our joint venture partners or other strategic partners or the companies we invest in, and we are not always able to direct or influence the management and operations of the joint venture, other strategic relationship or investee in the manner we believe is most appropriate, exposing us to additional risk; and 20 • investing in or making loans to early-stage companies often entails a high degree of risk, including uncertainty regarding the company’s ability to successfully develop new technologies and services, bring these new technologies and services to market and gain market acceptance, maintain adequate capitalization and access to cash or other forms of liquidity, and retain critical management personnel; we do not always achieve the strategic, technological, financial or commercial benefits we anticipate; we may lose our investment or fail to recoup our loan; or our investment may be illiquid for a greater-than-expected period of time. The indemnification provisions of acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies may not fully protect us and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities. Certain of the acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies require the former owners to indemnify us against certain liabilities related to the operation of the acquired company before we acquired it. In most of these agreements, however, the liability of the former owners is limited and certain former owners may be unable to meet their indemnification responsibilities. In addition, we obtain or receive the benefits of representations and warranties insurance in connection with certain acquisitions. There can be no assurance that these indemnification provisions or insurance coverages will protect us fully or at all, and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our business and financial statements. Divestitures or other dispositions could negatively impact our business, and contingent liabilities from businesses that we or our predecessors have disposed of could adversely affect our business and financial statements. We continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and may divest, spin-off, split-off or otherwise dispose of businesses for strategic, financial or other reasons. Over the last several years, Danaher has separated and disposed of multiple businesses using a combination of sale, spin-off, split-off, initial public offering and other transactions (collectively, the “Dispositions”). The Dispositions and any future, similar transactions pose risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business and financial statements. For example, divestitures or other dispositions can dilute the Company’s earnings per share, have other adverse financial, tax and accounting impacts and distract management, disputes can arise with the new owners of the divested/disposed business, we may not realize some or all of the anticipated benefits from the transaction and the transaction may not yield greater net benefits to Danaher and its shareholders than if it had not occurred. In addition, we have retained responsibility for and/or have agreed to provide indemnification against some known and unknown contingent liabilities related to the businesses that were subject to the Dispositions and other businesses we or our predecessors have sold or disposed. The resolution of these contingencies has not had a material effect on our business or financial statements but there can be no assurance that this favorable pattern will continue. In addition, with respect to the liabilities for which other parties have agreed to indemnify us in connection with the Dispositions, there can be no assurance that the indemnity rights we have against such other parties will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of the liabilities, or that such other parties will be able to fully satisfy their respective indemnification obligations. It is also possible that a court could disregard the allocation of assets and liabilities agreed to between Danaher and such other parties and require Danaher to assume responsibility for obligations allocated to such other parties. Each of these risks could negatively affect our business and financial statements. We could incur significant liability if our dispositions of any of Fortive Corporation, Envista Holdings Corporation or Veralto Corporation is determined to be a taxable transaction. We have received opinions from outside tax counsel to the effect that the dispositions of Fortive Corporation in 2016, Envista Holdings Corporation in 2019 and Veralto Corporation in 2023 each qualifies as a transaction that is described in Sections 355(a) and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code. These opinions rely on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings regarding the past and future conduct of the companies’ respective businesses and other matters. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, our stockholders and we may not be able to rely on the respective opinion of tax counsel and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. Notwithstanding the opinion of tax counsel, the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) could determine on audit that any such transactions are taxable if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the respective opinion. If any such transaction is determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, our stockholders that are subject to U.S. federal income tax and we could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. Operational Risks Significant disruptions in, or breaches in security of, our IT systems or data or violation of data privacy laws can adversely affect our business and financial statements. We rely on IT systems, some of which are provided and/or managed by third-parties, to collect, use, store, transfer and otherwise process electronic information (including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personal 21 data relating to employees, customers, other business partners and patients), and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities (such as receiving and fulfilling orders, billing, collecting and making payments, shipping products, providing services and support to customers and fulfilling contractual obligations). Errors, defects, security issues or other vulnerabilities in third-party technology or in the integration of third-party technology with our systems or products could result in errors that could harm our business. In addition, some of our products and services, including those related to remote monitoring, incorporate software and IT that house personal data and some products or software we sell to customers connect to our systems for maintenance or other purposes. We also have products and systems that connect to the internet, hospital networks, electronic medical record systems or electronic health record systems. Our systems, products and services (including those we acquire through business acquisitions) are susceptible to being damaged, disrupted or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, ransomware, human error or malfeasance (including by employees), power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes, war, conflicts or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. Certain attacks also target hardware, software and information installed, stored or transmitted in our products after such products have been purchased and incorporated into third-party products, facilities or infrastructure. Security breaches of systems provided or enabled by us, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to a vulnerability in our products or services, or security breaches of third-party suppliers we rely on to process, store or transmit electronic information, can result in the misappropriation, destruction or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers, patients or suppliers. In some cases, we may address software and hardware vulnerabilities through security updates and patches we make available to customers, and such vulnerabilities may persist if customers do not promptly install (or promptly schedule service in connection with) such updates and patches. Like most multinational corporations, our IT systems and data have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access and other cyber-attacks and we expect the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. Unauthorized tampering, adulteration or interference with our products may also adversely affect product functionality and result in loss of data, risk to patient safety and product recalls or field actions. In addition, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of AI, including adopted by computer hackers or other malicious actors, may intensify our cybersecurity risks. The attacks, breaches, misappropriations and other disruptions and damage described above have the ability to interrupt our operations or the operations of our customers and partners, delay production and shipments, result in theft of our and our customers’ intellectual property and trade secrets, result in disclosure of personal data, damage customer, patient, business partner and employee relationships and our reputation and result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy and other laws and increased costs for security and remediation, in each case resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial statements. Our liability insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyber-attacks and other related breaches. In addition, any businesses or technologies that we acquire may exacerbate the risks set forth above, for example due to acquired vulnerabilities or threats that were unknown or were ineffectively managed. Our IT systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing rapid changes in information processing technology, evolving legal and regulatory standards, evolving customer expectations, changes in the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to data and information systems, and the IT needs associated with our changing products and services. These risks are exacerbated by the increasing importance of AI and the increasing incorporation of AI in our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully maintain, enhance and upgrade our systems as necessary to effectively address these requirements. Any inability to maintain reliable IT systems and appropriate controls with respect to global data privacy and security requirements and prevent data breaches can result in adverse regulatory and business consequences and litigation. As a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. For example, entities that are found to be in violation of HIPAA as the result of a breach of unsecured patient health information, a complaint about privacy practices or an audit by HHS, may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative fines and penalties and/or additional reporting and oversight obligations. In addition, a significant number of countries where we operate have enacted privacy or data protection laws, rules and regulations, many of which have extraterritorial scope, with significant penalties for non-compliance. For example, failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and the applicable national data protection laws of the EU member states and other states subject to the GDPR may result in fines of up to €20 million or up to 4% of total worldwide annual turnover for the preceding financial year, whichever is higher, and other administrative penalties. Please see “Item 1. Business—Regulatory Matters” for additional information. Data privacy regulation and enforcement continues to evolve, with recent, increased focus on topics such as the use of AI, biometrics and surveillance technologies. 22 Government investigations and enforcement actions can be costly and interrupt the regular operation of our business, and data breaches or violations of data privacy laws can result in civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and damage to customer, patient, business partner and employee relationships and to our reputation, any of which may adversely affect our business and financial statements. In addition, compliance with the varying data privacy regulations across the U.S. and around the world has required significant expenditures and may require additional expenditures, and may require further changes in our products or business models that increase expenses or reduce revenue. Defects and unanticipated use or inadequate disclosure with respect to our products or services, or allegations thereof, can adversely affect our business and financial statements. Manufacturing or design defects or “bugs” in, unanticipated use of, safety or quality issues (or the perception of such issues) with respect to, “off label” use of, or inadequate disclosure of risks relating to the use of products and services that we make or sell (including items that we source from third-parties) can lead to personal injury, death, property damage and/or regulatory violations that can adversely affect our business and financial statements. These events can lead to recalls or safety alerts, result in the removal of a product or service from the market and result in product liability, errors and omissions or similar claims being 
[...TRUNCATED...]