TICKER=DINO|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/DINO_2026-02-27.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors Risk Factor Summary Investing in us involves a degree of risk. You should carefully consider all information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the Management’s Discussion and Analysis section and the financial statements and related notes, prior to investing in our common stock. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: Risks Related to our Business/Industry • The prices of crude oil, renewable feedstocks, refined, finished lubricant and renewable diesel products materially affect our operating results and are dependent upon many factors that are beyond our control. • Our operations are subject to catastrophic losses, operational hazards, unforeseen interruptions and other disruptive risks for which we may not be adequately insured. • A disruption to or proration of the product distribution systems or manufacturing facilities we utilize could negatively impact our profitability. • A material decrease in the supply, or a material increase in the price, of crude oil, renewable feedstocks or other raw materials or equipment available to our refineries and other facilities could significantly reduce our production levels and negatively affect our operations. • To successfully operate our facilities, we are required to expend significant amounts for capital outlays and operating expenditures. If we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs or in a timely manner, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. • The refining and marketing industry and the lubricants and specialties industry are highly competitive, and an increase in competition could adversely affect our earnings and profitability. • Our business is subject to the risks of international operations. • Negative publicity or an erosion of our business reputation could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. • Potential product, service or other related liability claims and litigation could adversely affect our business, reputation and results of operations. • Terrorist attacks, and the threat of terrorist attacks or vandalism, have resulted in increased costs to our business. Continued global hostilities or other sustained military campaigns may adversely impact our results of operations. • Our business may suffer due to a change in the composition of our Board of Directors, or the departure of any of our key executives or other key employees. A shortage of skilled labor may make it difficult for us to maintain labor productivity. • In the most recent reporting cycle, we reviewed certain issues relating to our disclosure processes that had the potential to impair our ability to make appropriate and timely disclosure decisions. In the event of any failure of the Company to accurately report our financial results or to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, investors could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which could have a material adverse effect. • A portion of our workforce is unionized, and any disruptions in our labor force or adverse employee relations could adversely affect our business. • Acquisitions involve numerous risks, any of which could adversely affect us. • Certain of our facilities, pipelines and assets are located on or adjacent to Native American tribal lands or on other lands that we do not own. Our operations are subject to potentially disruptive activity by those concerned with our industry. • General economic conditions may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. • An impairment of our goodwill or assets could reduce our earnings or negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. • We sell many of our lubricants and specialties products through distributors, which presents risks that could adversely affect our operating results. • The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, and the value of a stockholder’s investment could be impacted. 28 Table of Content s Risks Related to Government Regulation • We are subject to significant regulation and oversight by governmental agencies. • We incur significant costs and liabilities, and expect to incur additional costs and liabilities in the future, resulting from compliance with existing, new and changing environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and we face potential exposure for environmental matters. • We may incur significant costs and liabilities resulting from the performance of pipeline integrity programs and related repairs. • There are various risks associated with GHGs and climate change that could result in increased operating and compliance costs, increased litigation and reduced demand for the refined products we produce and investment in our industry. • Evolving attention to ESG matters may adversely impact our business, financial results, stock price or price of debt securities. • Compliance with, or developments with respect to, renewable and low-carbon fuel blending programs, and other regulations, policies, and standards impacting the demand for low-carbon fuels could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. • Increases in required fuel economy and regulation of GHG emissions from motor vehicles may reduce demand for petroleum-based transportation fuels. • State regulation of petroleum product markets and reporting requirements could adversely impact our business, costs of operation and financial results. • Physical or transitional risks of climate change could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. • Compliance with and changes in tax laws could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Data Security and Privacy, Information Technology and Intellectual Property • Our information technology systems, operational systems, security systems, infrastructure, communications networks, software integrated in our manufacturing and administrative processes, and customer data processed by us, third-party vendors or suppliers are subject to risks presented by cyber events, including incidents or breaches of security. • We may be subject to information and operational technology system failures, communications network disruptions and data breaches that are generally beyond our control. • Our business is subject to complex and evolving global laws, regulations and security standards regarding data privacy, cybersecurity and data protection, which could result in claims or increased costs of operations, or other harm to our business. • We may be unable to adequately maintain, enforce and protect our intellectual property and may not be able to prevent third parties from unauthorized access or use of our intellectual property, which may increase our cost of doing business or otherwise hurt our ability to compete in the market. • If we fail to comply with our obligations under license or technology agreements with third parties or are unable to license rights to use technologies on reasonable terms or at all, we may be required to pay damages or could potentially lose license rights that are critical to our business. Risks Related to Liquidity, Financial Instruments and Credit • Changes in our credit profile, or a significant increase in the price of crude oil, may affect our relationship with our suppliers, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and limit our ability to purchase sufficient quantities of crude oil to operate our refineries at desired capacity. • We may not be able to obtain funding on acceptable terms or at all because of volatility and uncertainty in the credit and capital markets. This may hinder or prevent us from meeting our future capital needs. • We are exposed to the credit risks and certain other risks of our key customers and vendors. • Our credit facilities contain certain covenants and restrictions that may constrain our business and financing activities. • Our hedging transactions may limit our gains and expose us to other risks. • We may be unable to pay future dividends. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business operations. If any of the following risks were to actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The headings provided in this Item 1A are for convenience and reference purposes only and shall not affect or limit the extent or interpretation of the risk factors. 29 Table of Content s RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS/INDUSTRY The prices of crude oil, renewable feedstocks, refined, finished lubricant and renewable diesel products materially affect our operating results and are dependent upon many factors that are beyond our control, including general market demand and economic conditions, seasonal and weather-related factors, regional and grade differentials and governmental regulations and policies. Among these factors is the demand for crude oil, renewable feedstocks (such as soybean oil), refined, finished lubricant and renewable diesel products, which can vary by type and class or product and is largely driven by the conditions of local and worldwide economies, as well as by weather patterns, changes in consumer preferences and the taxation of these products relative to other energy sources. Governmental regulations and policies, particularly in the areas of taxation, trade, energy and the environment, also have a significant impact on demand and pricing. Other factors affecting pricing and demand, and ultimately our operating results, include changes in product and crude pipeline capacities, crude oil differentials (including regional and grade differentials), the price and availability of renewable feedstocks, changes in transportation costs, accidents or interruptions in transportation, competition in the particular geographic areas that we serve, global market conditions, actions by foreign nations and factors that are specific to us, such as the success of particular marketing programs and the efficiency of our refinery and facility operations. Developments in the global oil markets, such as actual or potential hostilities or other conflicts in oil producing areas, including uncertainty regarding the effects and durations of global hostilities, war or any associated military campaigns, and worldwide demand for crude oil, particularly in developing countries, can affect the prices of crude oil and result in inflated energy prices. The demand for crude oil and refined and finished lubricant products can also be reduced due to a local or national recession or other adverse economic condition, higher gasoline prices, a shift by consumers to more fuel-efficient vehicles or alternative fuel vehicles (such as ethanol or wider adoption of electric, gas/electric hybrid or hydrogen-powered vehicles), or an increase in vehicle fuel economy, whether as a result of technological advances by manufacturers, legislation mandating or encouraging higher fuel economy or the use of alternative fuel. We do not produce crude oil or our renewable feedstocks and must purchase nearly all of the feedstocks we process, the price of which fluctuates based upon worldwide and local market conditions, including due to adverse weather events and regulatory interventions. The profitability of our Refining, Lubricants & Specialties and Marketing segments depends largely on the spread between market prices for refined petroleum products and crude oil prices. The profitability of our Renewables segment depends largely on the spread between market prices for renewable diesel plus state and federal low-carbon fuel incentives and renewable feedstocks, such as soybean oil. This margin is continually changing and may fluctuate significantly from time to time. Crude oil and refined and renewable products are commodities whose price levels are determined by market forces beyond our control. For example, the reversal of certain existing pipelines or the construction of certain new pipelines transporting additional crude oil or refined products to markets that serve competing refineries could affect the market dynamic that has allowed us to take advantage of favorable pricing. In addition, the volume of renewable diesel produced by our competitors is expected to increase going forward, and as the market becomes more competitive, or if there are changes in the regulations, policies, and standards affecting the demand for low-carbon fuels or our ability to obtain approved fuel pathways, our Renewables segment may experience increased volatility in product margins. A deterioration of crack spreads or price differentials between domestic and foreign crude oils or renewable diesel product margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, due to the seasonality of refined and renewable products markets and refinery maintenance schedules, results of operations for any particular quarter of a fiscal year are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year and can vary year to year in the event of unseasonably cool weather in the summer months and/or unseasonably warm weather in the winter months in the markets in which we sell our products. The effect of changes in crude oil or renewable feedstock prices on operating results depends in part on how quickly refined product or renewable diesel prices adjust to reflect these changes. A substantial or prolonged increase in crude oil or renewable feedstock prices without a corresponding increase in refined product or renewable diesel prices, a substantial or prolonged decrease in refined product or renewable diesel prices without a corresponding decrease in crude oil or renewable feedstock prices, or a substantial or prolonged decrease in demand for refined products or renewable diesel could have a significant negative effect on our earnings and cash flow. Finally, our crude oil and refined and renewable diesel product inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market under the last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) inventory valuation methodology. If the market value of our inventory were to decline to an amount less than our LIFO cost, we would record a write-down of inventory and a non-cash charge to Cost of materials and other even when there is no underlying economic impact at that point in time. Continued volatility in crude oil and refined product or renewable diesel prices could result in lower of cost or market inventory charges in the future, or in reversals reducing Cost of materials and other in subsequent periods should prices recover. 30 Table of Content s Our operations are subject to catastrophic losses, operational hazards, unforeseen interruptions and other disruptive risks for which we may not be adequately insured. Our operations are subject to catastrophic losses, operational hazards, unforeseen interruptions and other disruptive risks such as natural disasters, adverse weather, accidents, maritime disasters or casualties (including those involving marine vessels/terminals), fires, explosions, hazardous materials releases or spills, terrorist attacks or cyberattacks, vandalism, power failures, mechanical failures and other events beyond our control, and we have experienced certain of these events in the past. These events could result in an injury or loss of life, and have in the past and could in the future result in property damage or destruction, or curtailment of or an interruption in our operations and may affect our ability to meet customer commitments. For example, historic spills along our existing pipelines and terminals as a result of past operations have resulted in contamination of the environment, including soils and groundwater. Additionally, third-party damage, mechanical malfunctions, undetected leaks in pipelines, faulty measurement or other errors may result in significant costs or lost revenues. Further, the consequences of any operational incident (including as a result of a maritime disaster or casualty) at our marine terminal facilities may be even more significant as a result of the complexities involved in addressing releases or spills occurring in U.S. federal and/or state waters (or in waters of other jurisdictions in which we operate) and/or the repair of marine terminal facilities. We may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at commercially reasonable rates and exclusions from coverage may limit our ability to recover the amount of the full loss in all situations. As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance policies and insurance policies for our joint ventures are increasing. In some instances, certain insurance has become unavailable or has become available only for reduced amounts of coverage or at a significantly increased cost. We cannot assure you that our insurers will renew our insurance coverage on acceptable terms, if at all, or that we will be able to arrange for adequate alternative coverage in the event of non-renewal. Further, our underwriters could have credit issues that affect their ability to pay claims. There can be no assurance that insurance will cover all or any damages, losses or expenses resulting from these types of hazards. We are not fully insured against all risks to our business and therefore, we self-insure certain risks. If any of our facilities were to experience an interruption in operations, our earnings could be materially adversely affected (to the extent not recoverable through insurance). If a significant accident or event occurs that is self-insured or not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. A disruption to or proration of the product distribution systems or manufacturing facilities we utilize could negatively impact our profitability. We utilize various third-party pipeline systems to deliver our products from our refineries and renewables facilities to market. The key third-party pipeline systems utilized by the Casper, El Dorado, Navajo, Parco, Puget Sound, Woods Cross, and Tulsa refineries and Cheyenne renewables facility are ONEOK (RMPS), NuStar Energy ONEOK, SFPP, Pioneer, Olympic, MPLX, ONEOK and Pioneer, respectively. Our refineries also utilize systems owned by our Midstream segment. If these key pipelines or their associated tanks and terminals become inoperative or decrease the capacity available to us due to testing, line repair, reduced operating pressures, catastrophic events, terrorist attacks or cyberattacks, vandalism or other causes, we may not be able to sell our product, or we may be required to hold our product in inventory or supply products to our customers through an alternative pipeline or by rail or additional tanker trucks from the refinery, all of which could increase our costs and result in a decline in profitability. Additionally, our Refining, Lubricants & Specialties and Renewables segments depend on rail and marine transportation for the delivery of feedstocks used in the production of our products and to deliver products to market, the availability of which is subject to various risks, including those associated with rail or marine strikes, equipment shortages, operating hazards and transportation regulations. If rail or marine transportation is disrupted, we may be unable to produce and/or deliver our products in a competitive or profitable manner and, if such disruption were to occur over an extended period of time, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have manufacturing facilities in foreign countries that support the Lubricants & Specialties segment. If one of our facilities is damaged or disrupted, resulting in production being halted for an extended period, we may not be able to timely supply our customers. We take steps to mitigate this risk, including through business continuity and contingency planning and procuring property insurance (including resulting business interruption) and casualty insurance. Nevertheless, the loss of sales in any one region over an extended period of time could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 31 Table of Content s A material decrease in the supply, or a material increase in the price, of crude oil, renewable feedstocks or other raw materials or equipment available to our refineries and other facilities could significantly reduce our production levels and negatively affect our operations. To maintain or increase production levels at our refineries and facilities, we must continually contract for crude oil and renewable feedstock supplies from third parties. There are a limited number of crude oil and renewable feedstock suppliers in certain geographic regions, and in such cases, we may be required to source from a single third-party supplier. If we are unable to maintain or extend our existing contracts with any such crude oil or renewable feedstock suppliers, or enter into new agreements on similar terms, the supply of crude oil or renewable feedstocks could be adversely impacted, or we may incur a higher cost. A material decrease in crude oil production from the fields that supply our refineries, as a result of depressed commodity prices, decreased demand, lack of drilling activity, natural production declines, governmental regulations, including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, and shutdowns, catastrophic events or other factors, could result in a decline in the volume of crude oil available to our refineries. As the volume of renewable diesel produced increases, competition for renewable feedstocks may also increase and result in an increase in feedstock costs and a decrease in renewable diesel margins. In addition, any prolonged disruption of a significant pipeline that is used in supplying crude oil to our refineries or the potential operation of a new, converted or expanded crude oil pipeline that transports crude oil to other markets could result in a decline in the volume of crude oil available to our refineries. Such an event could result in an overall decline in volumes of refined products processed at our refineries and therefore a corresponding reduction in our cash flow. In addition, the future growth of our operations will depend in part upon whether we can contract for additional supplies of crude oil or renewable feedstocks at a greater rate than the rate of natural decline in our currently connected supplies. If we are unable to secure additional crude oil supplies or renewable feedstocks of sufficient quality or crude pipeline expansion to our refineries, we will be unable to take full advantage of current and future expansion of our refineries’ and renewable facilities’ production capacities. For certain raw materials used by our refineries and other facilities, there are a limited number of suppliers and, in some cases, we source from a single supplier and/or suppliers in economies that have experienced instability or the supplies are specific to the particular geographic region in which a facility is located. Any significant disruption in supply could affect our ability to obtain raw materials, or increase the cost of such raw materials, which could significantly reduce our production levels or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, certain raw materials that we use are subject to various regulatory laws, and a change in the ability to legally use such raw materials may impact our liquidity, financial position and results of operations. It is also common in the refining industry for a facility to have a sole, dedicated source for its utilities, such as steam, electricity, hydrogen, water and gas. Having a sole or limited number of suppliers may limit our negotiating power, particularly in the case of rising raw material costs. Any new supply agreements we enter into may not have terms as favorable as those contained in our current supply agreements. Additionally, there is growing concern over the reliability of water sources. The decreased availability or less favorable pricing for water as a result of population growth, drought or regulation could negatively impact our operations. Our Artesia RDU and Sinclair RDU are co-located with the Navajo Refineries and Parco Refinery, respectively, and their operations are dependent upon certain shared infrastructure at the co-located facilities. For example, the hydrogen plants at the Navajo Refineries and Parco Refinery support both refinery and renewable diesel operations. As a result, any disruption that negatively impacts, or causes a shutdown of, shared infrastructure at the co-located facilities could result in lost production and have a material adverse effect on earnings for both refinery and renewable diesel operations at the co-located facility. In addition, in the event equipment or raw materials at the co-located facilities are constrained, we may not have adequate inputs to support both refinery and renewable diesel operations and have in the past made, and may in the future have to make, commercial decisions that prioritize the continuing operation of one segment over the other in order to maximize earnings of our consolidated business. If our raw material, utility, gas, hydrogen or water supplies or access to the equipment necessary to operate our facilities were disrupted, our businesses may incur increased costs to procure alternative supplies or equipment or incur excessive downtime, which would have a direct negative impact on our operations. 32 Table of Content s To successfully operate our facilities, we are required to expend significant amounts for capital outlays and operating expenditures. If we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs or in a timely manner, or if the market conditions assumed in our project economics deteriorate, our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Our facilities consist of many processing units, a number of which have been in operation for many years. One or more of the units may require unscheduled downtime for unanticipated maintenance or repairs that are more frequent than our scheduled turnarounds for such units. Scheduled and unscheduled maintenance could reduce our revenues during the period of time that the units are not operating. The installation and redesign of key equipment at our facilities involves significant uncertainties, including the following: our upgraded equipment may not perform at expected levels; operating costs of the upgraded equipment may be higher than expected; and the yield and product quality of new equipment may differ from design and/or specifications and redesign, modification or replacement of the equipment may be required to correct equipment that does not perform as expected, which could require facility shutdowns until the equipment has been redesigned or modified. Any of these risks associated with new equipment, redesigned older equipment, or repaired equipment could lead to lower revenues or higher costs or otherwise have a negative impact on our future financial condition and results of operations. For example, in the third quarter of 2020, we ceased refining operations at the Cheyenne, Wyoming refinery (the “Cheyenne Refinery”) due, in part, to uncompetitive operating and maintenance costs for the refinery. One of the ways we may grow our business is through the construction of new refinery processing units (or the purchase and refurbishment of used units from another refinery), pipelines and terminals and the conversion or expansion of existing ones, such as the conversion of the Cheyenne Refinery to renewable diesel production and the connection of a new renewable diesel and a pre-treatment unit in Artesia, New Mexico. The construction process involves numerous regulatory, environmental, political, and legal uncertainties, most of which are not fully within our control, including: • third-party challenges to, denials, adverse modification, or delays with respect to the issuance of requisite regulatory approvals and/or obtaining or renewing permits, licenses, registrations and other authorizations; • societal and political pressures and other forms of opposition; • compliance with or liability under environmental or pipeline safety regulations; • unplanned increases in the cost of construction materials or labor; • disruptions in transportation of modular components and/or construction materials; • shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages; • market-related increases in a project’s debt or equity financing costs; and/or • nonperformance or force majeure by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors, or subcontractors involved with a project. If we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs or in a timely manner, our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Delays in making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to supply certain products we make. Moreover, we may construct facilities to capture anticipated future growth in demand for refined products or renewable diesel in a region in which such growth does not materialize. As a result, new capital investments may not achieve our expected investment return, which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. In addition, we expect to execute turnarounds at a number of our refineries in 2026, which involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including delays and incurrence of additional and unforeseen costs. The turnarounds allow us to perform maintenance, upgrades, overhaul and repair of process equipment and materials, during which time all or a portion of the refinery will be under scheduled downtime. Our forecasted internal rates of return are also based upon our projections of future market fundamentals which are not within our control, including changes in general economic conditions, available alternative supply, global market conditions, actions by foreign nations and customer demand. Competition in the refining and marketing industry is intense, and an increase in competition in the markets in which we sell our products could adversely affect our earnings and profitability. We compete with a broad range of refining and marketing companies, including certain multinational oil companies. Because of their geographic diversity, larger and more complex refineries, integrated operations and greater resources, some of our competitors may be better able to withstand volatile market conditions, obtain crude oil in times of shortage, transition to upgraded systems and bear the economic risks inherent in all areas of the refining industry. 33 Table of Content s We are not engaged in petroleum exploration and production activities and do not produce any of the crude oil feedstocks used at our refineries. Though we license our brand, as of December 31, 2025, we do not currently own or operate retail outlets and therefore are dependent upon others for outlets for our refined products. Certain of our competitors, however, obtain a portion of their feedstocks from company-owned production and have retail outlets. Competitors that have their own production or extensive retail outlets, with brand-name recognition, are at times able to offset losses from refining operations with profits from producing or retailing operations, and may be better positioned to withstand periods of depressed refining margins or feedstock shortages. In recent years there have been several refining and marketing consolidations or acquisitions between entities competing in the geographies where we operate. These transactions could increase the future competitive pressures on us. We compete with other industries that provide alternative means to satisfy the energy and fuel requirements of our industrial, commercial and individual consumers. The more successful these alternatives become as a result of governmental regulations, technological advances, consumer demand, improved pricing or otherwise, the greater the impact on pricing and demand for our products and our profitability. There are governmental and consumer pressures to increase the use of alternative fuels in the United States. The market for our Lubricants & Specialties segment is highly competitive and requires us to continuously develop and introduce new products and product enhancements. Our ability to grow our Lubricants & Specialties segment depends, in part, on our ability to continuously develop, manufacture and introduce new products and product enhancements on a timely and cost-effective basis, in response to customers’ demands for higher performance process lubricants, coatings, greases and other product offerings. Our competitors may develop new products or enhancements to their products that offer performance, features and lower prices that may render our products less competitive or obsolete and, as a consequence, we may lose business and/or significant market share. Our efforts to respond to changes in consumer demand in a timely and cost-efficient manner to drive growth could be adversely affected by unfavorable margins or difficulties or delays in product development or service innovation, including the inability to identify viable new products, successfully complete research and development, obtain regulatory approvals, obtain intellectual property protection or gain market acceptance of new products or service techniques. The development and commercialization of new products require significant expenditures over an extended period of time, and some products that we seek to develop may never become profitable, and we could be required to write-off our investments related to a new product that does not reach commercial viability. Our business is subject to the risks of international operations. We derive a portion of our revenue and earnings from international operations. Our Petro-Canada Lubricants and Sonneborn businesses expanded our operations and product exports to over 80 countries and increased our exposure to foreign exchange risks. Any significant change in the value of the currencies of the countries in which we do business against the U.S. dollar could affect our revenue, competitiveness and cost of doing business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, compliance with applicable U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, such as import and export requirements, tariffs, economic or trade sanctions, anti-corruption laws, data privacy regulations and foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, environmental laws, labor laws and anti-competition regulations, increase the cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. Although we have implemented policies and procedures to comply with these laws and regulations, a violation by any of our employees, contractors, distributors or agents could nevertheless occur. In some cases, compliance with the laws and regulations of one country could violate the laws and regulations of another country. Violations of these laws and regulations could materially adversely affect our brand, reputation, international growth efforts and business. In addition, global market risks, actions by foreign nations and other international conditions, particularly in a time of increasing political, economic and global instability, may have a material adverse effect on our results and operations. The consequences of such uncertainty cannot be fully anticipated or quantified. 34 Table of Content s Negative publicity or an erosion of our business reputation could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition . Our reputation and our brands, including, without limitation, our existing Sinclair, HollyFrontier Specialty Products, Petro-Canada Lubricants, Red Giant Oil and Sonneborn brands, and any brands we may acquire or establish in the future, are important corporate assets. Factors that could have a negative impact on our reputation and our brands include, by way of example and not limitation, an operating incident or significant cybersecurity disruption; changes in consumer views concerning our products; a perception by investors or others that we are making insufficient progress with respect to our carbon emission reduction goals, or that pursuit of this ambition may result in allocation of capital to investments with reduced returns; and other adverse events such as those described in this Item 1A. Negative impacts on our reputation and our brands could in turn make it more difficult for us to compete successfully for new opportunities, obtain necessary regulatory approvals, obtain financing, attract talent, or could reduce consumer demand for our branded products. Our reputation may also be harmed by events which negatively affect the image of our industry as a whole. The materialization of risks discussed in this section could negatively affect our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. Potential product, service or other related liability claims and litigation could adversely affect our business, reputation and results of operations. A significant portion of our operating responsibility on refined product pipelines is to maintain the quality and purity of the products loaded at our loading racks. If our quality control measures were to fail, we may have contaminated or off-specification commingled pipelines and storage tanks or off-specification product could be sent to public gasoline stations. These types of incidents have resulted in or could result in product liability or other related claims from our customers or third parties. The development, manufacture and sale of renewable diesel and specialty lubricant products also involves an inherent risk of exposure to potential product liability claims. Our products could also be subject to false advertising or consumer protection claims, product recalls, workplace exposure, product seizures and related adverse publicity. The occurrence of any of these incidents is a significant commercial risk. Substantial damage awards have been made in certain jurisdictions against manufacturers and resellers based upon claims for injuries caused by the use of or exposure to various products. While we have received and resolved immaterial product liability claims in the past, there can be no assurance that future product liability or other related claims against us would not have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation or results of operations or our ability to maintain existing customers or retain new customers. Although we maintain product and other general liability insurance, there can be no assurance that the types or levels of coverage maintained are adequate to cover these potential risks, or that we will be able to continue to maintain existing insurance or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. Terrorist attacks, and the threat of terrorist attacks or vandalism, have resulted in increased costs to our business. Continued global hostilities or other sustained military campaigns may adversely impact our results of operations. The long-term impacts of terrorist attacks and the threat of future terrorist attacks and vandalism on the energy transportation industry in general, and on us in particular, are unknown. Any attack on our facilities, those of our customers or suppliers and, in some cases, those of other pipelines, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Increased security measures taken by us as a precaution against possible terrorist attacks or domestic vandalism have resulted in increased costs to our business. The U.S. government has issued public warnings that indicate that pipelines and other assets could be specific targets of terrorist organizations. These potential targets may include our pipeline systems or operating systems and might affect our ability to operate or control our pipeline assets or our operations could be disrupted. The occurrence of one of these events could cause a substantial decrease in revenues, increased costs to respond or other financial loss, damage to reputation, increased regulation or litigation and/or inaccurate information reported from our operations, and, depending on their ultimate magnitude, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Uncertainty surrounding continued global hostilities or other sustained military campaigns, and the possibility that infrastructure facilities could be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror, may affect our operations in unpredictable ways, including disruptions of crude oil supplies and markets for refined products. In addition, disruption or significant increases in energy prices could result in government-imposed price controls. Any one of, or a combination of, these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 35 Table of Content s Our business may suffer due to a change in the composition of our Board of Directors, or the departure of any of our key executives or other key employees. A shortage of skilled labor may make it difficult for us to maintain labor productivity. Our future performance depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our Board of Directors, our senior management team and key technical personnel. We do not currently maintain key person life insurance, or employment agreements with respect to any member of our senior management team. The loss or unavailability to us of any member of our senior management team or a key technical employee could significantly harm us. As previously announced, on February 17, 2026, the Board of Directors received and accepted a request from Mr. Tim Go, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and President, and a member of the Board of Directors, to take a voluntary leave of absence from his duties. In addition, on February 24, 2026, the Board of Directors received and accepted a request from Mr. Atanas Atanasov, the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to take a voluntary leave of absence from his duties. As a result, the services of both these senior executive officers are currently not available to the Company. For additional information, please see the information set forth below under “HF Sinclair Management and Audit Committee Process” in Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. On February 17, 2026, the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Franklin Myers as Chief Executive Officer and President on a temporary basis. In addition, on February 24, 2026, the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Vivek Garg, the Company’s Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller, as acting Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective as of such date. Both Mr. Myers and Mr. Garg have significant experience in their respective areas of responsibility but will face the challenges associated with any transition in senior executive management. We face competition for our professionals from our competitors, our customers and other companies operating in our industry. While the services of members of our senior management team and key technical personnel are or may be unavailable to us for any reason, we may be required to hire other personnel to manage and operate our company. We may not be able to locate or employ such qualified personnel on acceptable terms, or at all. Furthermore, our operations require skilled and experienced laborers with proficiency in multiple tasks. A shortage of trained workers due to retirements, an increase in labor costs as a result of inflation or otherwise could have an adverse impact on productivity and costs and on our ability to expand production in the event there is an increase in the demand for our products and services, which could adversely affect our operatio
[...TRUNCATED...]