TICKER=DIS|YEAR=2025|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2025/DIS_2025-11-13.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 17 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 27 ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity 27 ITEM 2. Properties 28 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 29 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 29 Information About our Executive Officers 29 PART II ITEM 5. Market for the Company’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 31 ITEM 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 32 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 56 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 58 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 58 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 58 ITEM 9B. Other Information 58 ITEM 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 58 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 59 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 59 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 59 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 59 ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 59 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 60 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 65 SIGNATURES 66 Consolidated Financial Information — The Walt Disney Company 67 Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance and may include statements concerning, among other things, financial results; business plans (including statements regarding new products and services, future expenditures, cost, investments and transactions for which conditions to close have not been satisfied, including entering into additional agreements, regulatory or other approvals or other conditions); future liabilities and other obligations; impairments and amortization; estimates of the financial impact of certain items, accounting treatment, events or circumstances; competition and seasonality on our businesses and results of operations; and capital allocation, including share repurchases and dividends. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “may,” “will,” “would,” “expects,” “plans,” “could,” “intends,” “target,” “projects,” “forecasts,” “believes,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” “potential,” “continue,” “assumption” or “judgment” or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. These statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions as of the date of this report. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from expectations or results projected or implied by forward-looking statements. Such differences may result from actions taken by the Company, including restructuring or strategic initiatives (including capital investments, asset acquisitions or dispositions, new or expanded business lines or cessation of certain operations), our execution of our business plans (including the content we create and intellectual properties (IP) we invest in, our pricing decisions, our cost structure and our management and other personnel decisions), our ability to quickly execute on cost rationalization while preserving revenue, the discovery of additional information or other business decisions, as well as from developments beyond the Company’s control, including: • the occurrence of subsequent events; • deterioration in domestic and global economic conditions or failure of conditions to improve as anticipated; • deterioration in or pressures from competitive conditions, including competition to create or acquire content, competition for talent and competition for advertising revenue; • consumer preferences and acceptance of our content, offerings, pricing model and price increases, and corresponding subscriber additions and churn, and the market for advertising sales on our direct-to-consumer services and linear networks; • health concerns and their impact on our businesses and productions; • international, including tariffs and other trade policies, political or military developments; • regulatory and legal developments; • technological developments; • labor markets and activities, including work stoppages; • adverse weather conditions or natural disasters; and • availability of content. Such developments may further affect entertainment, travel and leisure businesses generally and may, among other things, affect (or further affect, as applicable): • our operations, business plans or profitability, including direct-to-consumer profitability; • demand for our products and services; • the performance of the Company’s content; • our ability to create or obtain desirable content at or under the value we assign the content; • the advertising market for programming; • taxation; and • performance of some or all Company businesses either directly or through their impact on those who distribute our products. Additional factors include those described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including under the captions “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and “Business,” in our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, including under the captions “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and in our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances. You should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. Unless required by federal securities laws, we assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated, to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the statements are made. 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I ITEM 1. Business The Walt Disney Company, together with the subsidiaries through which businesses are conducted (the Company), is a diversified worldwide entertainment company with operations in three segments: Entertainment, Sports and Experiences. The terms “Company”, “we”, “our” and “us” are used in this report to refer collectively to the parent company and the subsidiaries through which businesses are conducted. ENTERTAINMENT The Entertainment segment generally encompasses the Company’s non-sports focused global film and episodic content production and distribution activities. The lines of business within Entertainment along with their significant business activities include the following: • Linear Networks ◦ Domestic: ABC Television Network (ABC Network); Disney, Freeform, FX and National Geographic (owned 73% by the Company) branded television channels; and eight owned ABC television stations ◦ International: Disney, FX and National Geographic (owned 73% by the Company) branded television channels ◦ A 50% equity investment in A+E Global Media (formerly A+E Television Networks) (A+E), which develops and distributes content globally • Direct-to-Consumer ◦ Disney+: a global direct-to-consumer (DTC) service that primarily offers general entertainment and family programming. Subscribers to both Disney+ and one of the ESPN DTC plans (see Sports segment discussion) have access to certain sports content through Disney+. ◦ Hulu: a U.S. DTC service that offers general entertainment programming and a virtual multi-channel video programming distributor (vMVPD) service that includes live linear streams of various cable and broadcast networks (Hulu Live TV service). Subscribers to both Hulu and one of the ESPN DTC plans have access to certain sports content through Hulu. • Content Sales/Licensing ◦ Theatrical distribution ◦ Sale/licensing of film and episodic content to television and video-on-demand (TV/VOD) services ◦ Home entertainment distribution: electronic home video licenses, video-on-demand rentals and licensing of physical (DVD/Blu-ray discs) distribution rights ◦ Intersegment allocation of revenues from the Experiences segment, which is meant to reflect royalties on consumer products merchandise licensing revenues generated on intellectual property (IP) created by the Entertainment segment ◦ Staging and licensing of live entertainment events on Broadway and around the world (Stage Plays) ◦ Music distribution ◦ Post-production services by Industrial Light & Magic and Skywalker Sound Theatrical, TV/VOD and home entertainment distribution revenues are collectively referred to as “content sales.” Entertainment also includes the following activities that are reported with Content Sales/Licensing: • National Geographic magazine and online business (owned 73% by the Company) • A 30% ownership interest in Tata Play Limited, which operates a direct-to-home satellite distribution platform in India The revenues of Entertainment are as follows: • Subscription fees - Fees charged to customers/subscribers for our DTC streaming services, including fees charged to multi-channel video programming distributors (i.e. cable, satellite and telecommunications providers and vMVPDs) (MVPDs) and other distributors • Advertising - Sales of advertising time/space • Affiliate fees - Fees charged to MVPDs for the right to deliver our programming to their customers. Linear Networks also generates revenues from fees charged to television stations affiliated with ABC Network. • Theatrical distribution - Rentals from licensing our films to theaters 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS • TV/VOD and home entertainment distribution ◦ Licensing fees for the right to use our film and episodic content ◦ Electronic sales and rentals of film and episodic content through distributors ◦ Fees from the licensing of physical distribution rights • Other revenue - Revenues from licensing our music, ticket sales from stage play performances, fees from licensing our IP for use in stage plays, sales of post-production services and the allocation of consumer products merchandise licensing revenues The expenses of Entertainment are as follows: • Operating expenses, consisting of the following: ◦ Programming and production costs, which include: ▪ Amortization of capitalized production costs ▪ Amortization of the costs of licensed programming rights ▪ Subscriber-based fees for programming our Hulu Live TV service, including fees paid by Hulu to ESPN and the Entertainment linear networks business for the right to air their linear networks on Hulu Live TV ▪ Production costs related to live programming (primarily news) ▪ Participations and residual expenses ▪ Fees paid to ESPN to program certain sports content on ABC Network and Disney+ ◦ Other operating expenses, which include technology support costs and distribution costs • Selling, general and administrative costs, including marketing costs • Depreciation and amortization Linear Networks The majority of Linear Networks revenue is derived from affiliate fees and advertising. The Company’s Linear Networks businesses provide programming under multi-year licensing agreements with MVPDs and/or affiliated television stations that are generally based on contractually specified rates on a per subscriber basis. The amounts that we can charge for our networks are largely dependent on the quality and quantity of programming that we can provide and the competitive market for programming services. The ability to sell advertising time and the rates received are primarily dependent on the size and nature of the audience that the network can deliver to the advertiser as well as overall advertiser demand. Domestic Linear Networks ABC Network ABC Network programming is aired in the primetime, daytime, late night, news and sports “dayparts”. Primetime programming includes scripted and unscripted programming, movies and specials. ESPN programs the sports daypart on ABC Network, which is branded ESPN on ABC. ABC Network distributes programming to approximately 245 local affiliated television stations and to our eight owned television stations, which collectively reach almost 100% of U.S. television households. ABC Network produces a variety of unscripted programming, primetime specials, news and daytime programming. Disney Channels Branded television channels include: Disney Channel; Disney Junior; and Disney XD (collectively Disney Channels). Disney Channels air programming 24 hours a day targeted to kids ages 2 to 14 and generally feature live-action comedy series, animated programming and preschool series as well as original movies and theatrical films. Freeform Freeform is a channel targeted to viewers ages 18 to 34 that airs original and licensed television series, films and holiday programming events. FX Channels Branded television channels include: FX; FXM; and FXX (collectively FX Channels), which air a mix of original and licensed television series and films. National Geographic Channels Branded television channels include: National Geographic; Nat Geo Wild; and Nat Geo Mundo (collectively National Geographic Channels). National Geographic Channels air programming in genres such as travel, adventure, wildlife, documentary, science and history. 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS The number of subscribers (in millions) for the significant domestic branded channels are as follows: Subscribers (1) Disney Channel 61 Freeform 51 FX 62 National Geographic 61 (1) Based on Nielsen Media Research estimates as of September 2025. Domestic Television Stations The Company owns eight television stations, six of which are located in the top ten television household markets in the U.S. Our television stations collectively reach approximately 20% of U.S. television households. The stations we own are as follows: TV Station Market Television Market Ranking (1) WABC New York, NY 1 KABC Los Angeles, CA 2 WLS Chicago, IL 3 WPVI Philadelphia, PA 5 KTRK Houston, TX 6 KGO San Francisco, CA 10 WTVD Raleigh-Durham, NC 22 KFSN Fresno, CA 55 (1) Based on Nielsen Media Research, U.S. Television Household Estimates, January 1, 2025 International Linear Networks International Linear Networks use content from the Company’s various studios, including library titles, as well as content acquired from third parties. The Company operates approximately 180 general entertainment and family channels outside the U.S. in approximately 30 languages and 170 countries/territories. General Entertainment General Entertainment channels include FX and National Geographic, which air a variety of scripted, reality and documentary programming. As of September 2025, the estimated number of unique subscribers for our general entertainment channels, based on internal management reports, was approximately 145 million. Family Family channels include Disney Channel and Disney Junior, which air a variety of animated and live action original series and movies targeted to kids ages 2 to 14. As of September 2025, the estimated number of unique subscribers for our family channels, based on internal management reports, was approximately 130 million. Equity Investments The most significant equity investment at Linear Networks is A+E. The Company’s share of A+E’s financial results are reported as “Equity in the income of investees” in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income. A+E is owned 50% by the Company and 50% by Hearst. A+E operates a variety of cable channels, the most significant of which are: • A&E – which offers entertainment programming including original reality and documentary programming • HISTORY – which offers original unscripted series and event-driven specials • Lifetime – which offers programming targeted to women Direct-to-Consumer Disney+ and Hulu are subscription-based DTC services offered individually or in various bundles, which may include one of the ESPN DTC plans and/or third-party DTC services. The majority of Direct-to-Consumer revenue is derived from subscription fees and advertising. 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Disney+ Disney+ offers general entertainment and family programming from the Company’s various studios, including library titles, as well as programming licensed from third parties. Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars and National Geographic branded programming are all top-level selections or “tiles” within the Disney+ interface. Outside the U.S., Disney+ includes a Star branded tile, which was rebranded as Hulu in October 2025, that features general entertainment programming. Additionally, subscribers to Disney+ have access to certain sports content through an ESPN branded tile on Disney+. In the U.S., subscribers to bundled offerings (e.g. Disney+ along with Hulu, ESPN Unlimited or ESPN Select) have access to certain content from the other services or plans on Disney+. Disney+ offers a subscription video-on-demand (SVOD) service without advertising in each of the markets it operates and a SVOD ad-supported service in the U.S., Canada and select Latin American and European markets. As of September 27, 2025, the estimated number of paid Disney+ subscribers, based on internal management reports, was approximately 132 million. Hulu Hulu is a domestic DTC service with general entertainment content from the Company’s various studios as well as content licensed from third parties. Hulu offers SVOD services with or without advertising in addition to the Hulu Live TV service. The Live TV service is available with either of Hulu’s SVOD services and includes live linear streams of various cable and broadcast networks. In addition, Hulu offers subscriptions to premium services such as Max, Cinemax, Starz and Paramount+ with Showtime, which can be added to the Hulu service. Certain programming from ABC, Freeform and FX is also available on the Hulu SVOD service one day after the linear airing on these channels. Subscribers to both Hulu and one of the ESPN DTC plans have access to certain sports content through Hulu. As of September 27, 2025, the estimated number of paid Hulu subscribers, based on internal management reports, was approximately 64 million. On October 29, 2025, the Company and FuboTV Inc. (Fubo), a publicly traded vMVPD, combined certain of Hulu Live TV assets, including its carriage agreements, subscription agreements and related data, advertising and sponsorship agreements and intellectual property exclusively related to the “Live TV” brand, with Fubo. The Company has a 70 % interest in the combined entity, with the remaining 30 % interest retained by Fubo shareholders. Hulu Live TV will continue to be available to consumers as a separate offering post-closing. See Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. Content Sales/Licensing and Other The majority of Content Sales/Licensing revenue is derived from distribution in the theatrical, TV/VOD and home entertainment windows. In addition, revenue is generated from music distribution, stage plays and post-production services through Industrial Light & Magic and Skywalker Sound. The Company also publishes National Geographic magazine, which is reported with Content Sales/Licensing. Theatrical Distribution The Company licenses full-length live-action and animated films to theaters globally. Cumulatively through fiscal year 2025, the Company has released approximately 1,100 full-length live-action films and 100 full-length animated films. Domestically and in most major international markets, we distribute and market our films directly. In certain international markets our films are distributed by independent companies. In some territories, certain films may be exclusively distributed on our DTC streaming services. During fiscal year 2026, we expect to release approximately 20 films. The Company incurs significant marketing and advertising costs before and throughout the theatrical release of a film in an effort to generate public awareness of the film, to increase the public’s intent to view the film and to help generate consumer interest in the subsequent home entertainment and other ancillary markets. These costs are expensed as incurred, which may result in a loss on the theatrical distribution of a film, including in periods prior to the release of the film. TV/VOD Distribution We license our content to third-party television networks, television stations and other video service providers for distribution to viewers on television or a variety of internet-connected devices, including through other DTC services. Home Entertainment Distribution The Company’s film and episodic content is sold in both electronic (home video license and video-on-demand rentals) and physical formats. We distribute electronic formats through e-tailers such as Apple and Amazon, and MVPDs, such as Comcast and DirecTV. We have licensed the rights for physical distribution to third parties who generally sell to retailers, such as Walmart and Amazon. 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Electronic formats of film content in the home entertainment window are typically available approximately two months after the theatrical release and physical distribution generally starts within three to four months after the theatrical release. Disney Theatrical Group Disney Theatrical Group develops, produces and licenses live entertainment events on Broadway and around the world. Productions include The Lion King , Aladdin , Beauty and the Beast , Frozen and Hercules . Disney Theatrical Group also licenses the Company’s IP to Feld Entertainment, the producer of Disney On Ice . Disney Music Group The Disney Music Group encompasses all aspects of the Company’s music commercialization and marketing including: recorded music (Walt Disney Records and Hollywood Records); music publishing; and concerts. Disney Music Group distributes music both physically and digitally and also licenses music throughout the world in various forms of media, including: television; print; gaming; and consumer products. Equity Investment The Company has a 30% effective interest in Tata Play Limited, which operates a direct-to-home satellite distribution platform in India. Content Production and Acquisition Produced content primarily consists of original films and episodic programs and network news and daytime/late night programming. Acquired content includes rights to episodic programming, movies and specials. Original content is generally produced under the following banners: Disney Branded Television; FX Productions; Lucasfilm; Marvel; National Geographic Studios; Pixar; Searchlight Pictures; Twentieth Century Studios; 20th Television; and Walt Disney Pictures. Original content is also commissioned from and produced by various third-party studios. Program development is carried out in collaboration with writers, producers and creative teams. Costs to produce content are generally capitalized and allocated across Entertainment’s businesses based on the estimated relative value of the distribution windows. Generally, the Company has full production and distribution rights to its IP. However, Sony Pictures Entertainment has the rights to produce and distribute Spider-Man films as a result of licensing these rights from Marvel prior to the Company’s acquisition of Marvel. The Company has a significant library of content spanning approximately 100 years of production history as well as acquired libraries. The library of content includes approximately 5,300 live-action film titles, 460 animated film titles and episodic series (series with four or more seasons include approximately: 80 dramas; 55 comedies; 40 non-scripted series; 15 animated series; and 10 live-action series). In addition, the library includes approximately 150 series and 100 films that were produced for initial distribution on our DTC platforms. In fiscal 2026, the Company will continue to produce or commission a significant number of episodic and film titles, of which the vast majority will initially be distributed on our Linear Networks and/or DTC platforms or theatrically. Programming is also produced for third parties, who typically have exclusive domestic linear distribution rights for a certain time period (after which the rights revert back to the Company) while the Company retains domestic video-on-demand and international distribution rights. Competition and Seasonality Linear Networks and Direct-to-Consumer compete for viewers’ attention and audience share primarily with other television networks, independent television stations and other media, such as other DTC streaming services, social media and video games. With respect to the sale of advertising time, we compete with other television networks, independent television stations, MVPDs, other DTC streaming services and other advertising media such as online search, marketplaces, social media and other digital content, newspapers, magazines, radio and billboards. Our television stations primarily compete for audiences and advertisers in local market areas. Linear Networks compete with other networks for carriage by MVPDs. The Company’s contractual agreements with MVPDs are renewed or renegotiated from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Consolidation and other market conditions in the cable, satellite and telecommunication distribution industry, including changes in subscriber levels, the prevalence of streaming services and other factors may adversely affect the Company’s ability to obtain and maintain contractual terms for the distribution of its various programming services that are as favorable as those currently in place. Content Sales/Licensing businesses compete with all forms of entertainment and a significant number of companies that produce and/or distribute film and episodic content, distribute products in the home entertainment market, provide pay TV/VOD services, and produce music and live theater. 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS The operating results of Content Sales/Licensing fluctuate due to the timing and performance of releases in the theatrical, home entertainment and television markets. Release dates are determined by several factors, including competition and the timing of vacation and holiday periods. We also compete with other media and entertainment companies, independent production companies and video-on-demand services for creative and performing talent, story properties, show concepts, scripted and other programming, advertiser support, production facilities and exhibition outlets that are essential to the success of our Entertainment businesses. Advertising revenues at Linear Networks and Direct-to-Consumer are subject to seasonal and cyclical advertising patterns and changes in viewership levels. In general, domestic advertising revenues are typically somewhat higher during the fall and somewhat lower during the summer months. Affiliate and subscription revenues vary with the subscriber levels of MVPDs and our streaming services. SPORTS The Sports segment generally encompasses the Company’s sports-focused global television and DTC video streaming content production and distribution activities. The lines of business within Sports include the following: • ESPN (generally owned 80% by the Company) (See Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on potential future changes in ESPN ownership) ◦ Domestic: ▪ ESPN-branded television channels ▪ ESPN DTC ▪ ESPN on ABC (sports programmed on the ABC Network by ESPN) ◦ International: ESPN-branded channels outside of the U.S. The revenues of Sports are as follows: • Affiliate and subscription fees • Advertising • Other revenue - Fees from the following activities: pay-per-view events on the ESPN DTC services, sub-licensing of sports rights, programming ESPN on ABC and licensing the ESPN brand The expenses of Sports are as follows: • Operating expenses, consisting of programming and production costs and other operating expenses. Programming and production costs include amortization of licensed sports rights and production costs related to live sports and other sports-related programming. Other operating expenses include technology support costs and distribution costs. • Selling, general and administrative costs, including marketing costs • Depreciation and amortization Domestic ESPN Branded television channels include the following 24-hour domestic television sports channels: • ESPN and ESPN2 - both dedicated to professional and college sports as well as sports news and original programming • ESPNU - dedicated to college sports • ESPNEWS - re-airs select ESPN studio shows and airs a variety of other programming • SEC Network - dedicated to Southeastern Conference college athletics • ACC Network - dedicated to Atlantic Coast Conference college athletics • ESPN Deportes - airs professional and college sports as well as studio shows in Spanish ESPN offers a U.S. subscription-based DTC service with two plans: ESPN Select and ESPN Unlimited, which started in August 2025. ESPN Select, previously the ESPN+ service through August 2025, offers thousands of live sporting events, on-demand sports content and other original content. ESPN Unlimited includes access to all of ESPN’s branded television channels and ESPN Select content. The ESPN DTC plans are offered individually or in various bundles, including with Disney+ and Hulu. Consumers may also access the service through certain MVPDs. ESPN programs ESPN on ABC, recognizes the direct revenues and costs for this programming and receives a fee from the ABC Network, which is eliminated in consolidation. 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS ESPN earns advertising and licensing revenues from providing promotional services and licensing the ESPN BET trademark to PENN Entertainment, Inc. in connection with its operation of a sportsbook. In November 2025, this agreement was terminated effective December 1, 2025, and ESPN entered into a promotional services agreement with DraftKings Inc., under which DraftKings Inc. will serve as the exclusive sportsbook and odds provider of ESPN effective December 1, 2025. The Company has various sports programming rights, which are used to produce content, including live events and sports news, aired on ESPN linear and digital platforms. Rights include the National Football League (NFL), college football (including bowl games and the College Football Playoff) and basketball, the National Basketball Association (NBA), mixed martial arts (through the end of calendar 2025), Major League Baseball (MLB), the National Hockey League (NHL), soccer, US Open Tennis, Formula 1 (through the end of calendar 2025), the Wimbledon Championships, the Masters golf tournament, the Women’s National Basketball Association (WNBA) and the Professional Golfers’ Association (PGA) Championship. Beginning in September 2025, ESPN platforms became the exclusive distributor for all World Wrestling Entertainment Premium Live Events. The number of subscribers (in millions) for the significant domestic branded channels are as follows: Subscribers ESPN (1) 61 ESPN2 (1) 61 ESPNU (1) 42 ESPNEWS (2) 38 SEC Network (2) 42 ACC Network (2) 41 (1) Based on Nielsen Media Research estimates as of September 2025. Estimates include traditional MVPD and vMPVD subscriber counts. (2) Because Nielsen Media Research does not measure this channel, estimated subscribers are according to SNL Kagan as of December 2024. In October 2025, ESPN and NFL Enterprises LLC reached a binding agreement for ESPN to acquire the NFL Network and certain other media assets owned and controlled by NFL Enterprises LLC, including NFL’s RedZone Channel pay TV distribution and NFL Fantasy, in exchange for a 10% noncontrolling interest of ESPN (the NFL Transaction). The NFL Transaction is expected to close in calendar year 2026, subject to certain regulatory approvals, including from federal and foreign antitrust authorities, and other customary closing conditions. See Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. International ESPN The Company operates approximately 45 ESPN branded sports channels outside the U.S. in 4 languages and approximately 110 countries/territories. In the Netherlands, the ESPN branded channels are operated by Eredivisie Media & Marketing CV (EMM) (owned 51% by the Company), which has the media rights to the Dutch Premier League for soccer. Rights include various soccer leagues (including English Premier League, LaLiga, Bundesliga and multiple UEFA leagues). Equity Investments The most significant equity investment at Sports is a 30% interest in CTV Specialty Television, Inc. (CTV), which operates primarily sports-related television networks in Canada. The Company’s share of CTV’s financial results is reported as “Equity in the income of investees” in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income. Competition and Seasonality Sports competes for viewers’ attention and audience share primarily with other television networks, independent television stations and other media, such as other DTC streaming services, social media and video games. With respect to the sale of advertising time, we compete with other television networks, independent television stations, MVPDs and other advertising media such as online search, marketplaces, social media and other digital content, newspapers, magazines, radio and billboards. The Sports television networks compete with other networks for carriage by MVPDs. The Company’s contractual agreements with MVPDs are renewed or renegotiated from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Consolidation and other market conditions in the cable, satellite and telecommunication distribution industry and other factors may adversely affect the Company’s ability to obtain and maintain contractual terms for the distribution of its various programming services that are as favorable as those currently in place. 8 TABLE OF CONTENTS We also compete with other media and entertainment companies and video-on-demand services for sports rights, creative and performing talent and other programming, advertiser support and production facilities that are essential to the success of our Sports businesses. Advertising revenues are subject to changes in viewership levels and the demand for sports programming. Advertising revenues generated from sports programming are also impacted by the timing of sports seasons and events, which timing may vary throughout the year or may take place periodically (e.g. biannually, quadrennially). Affiliate and subscription revenues vary with the subscriber levels of MVPDs and our streaming services. EXPERIENCES The lines of business within Experiences along with their significant business activities include the following: • Parks & Experiences: ◦ Domestic: ▪ Theme parks and resorts: • Walt Disney World Resort in Florida • Disneyland Resort in California ▪ Experiences: • Disney Cruise Line • Disney Vacation Club, including Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa in Hawaii • National Geographic Expeditions (owned 73% by the Company) and Adventures by Disney ◦ International: ▪ Theme parks and resorts: • Disneyland Paris • Hong Kong Disneyland Resort (48% ownership interest and consolidated in our financial results) • Shanghai Disney Resort (43% ownership interest and consolidated in our financial results) • In addition, the Company licenses its IP to a third party that owns and operates Tokyo Disney Resort • Consumer Products: ◦ Licensing of our trade names, characters, visual, literary and other IP to various manufacturers, game developers, publishers and retailers throughout the world, for use on merchandise, published materials and games ◦ Sale of branded merchandise through online, retail and wholesale businesses, and development and publishing of books, comic books and magazines (except National Geographic magazine, which is reported in Entertainment) The revenues of Experiences are as follows: • Theme park admissions - Sales of tickets for admission to our theme parks and for premium access to certain attractions • Resorts and vacations - Sales of room nights at hotels, sales of cruise and other vacations and sales and rentals of vacation club properties • Parks & Experiences merchandise, food and beverage - Sales of merchandise, food and beverages at our theme parks and resorts and cruise ships • Merchandise licensing and retail: ◦ Merchandise licensing - Royalties from licensing our IP for use on consumer goods ◦ Retail - Sales of merchandise through internet shopping sites, at The Disney Store and to wholesalers • Parks licensing and other - Revenues from sponsorships and co-branding opportunities, real estate rent and sales and royalties earned on Tokyo Disney Resort revenues The expenses of Experiences are as follows: • Operating expenses, consisting of operating labor, infrastructure costs, costs of goods sold and distribution costs and other operating expenses. Infrastructure costs include technology support costs, repairs and maintenance, utilities and fuel, property taxes, retail occupancy costs, insurance and transportation. Other operating expenses include costs for such items as supplies, commissions and entertainment offerings. • Selling, general and administrative costs, including marketing costs • Depreciation and amortization 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Capital investments: • In recent years, the majority of the Company’s capital spend has been at our parks and experiences business, principally for theme park and resort expansion, new attractions, cruise ships, capital improvements and systems infrastructure. Parks & Experiences Walt Disney World Resort The Walt Disney World Resort is located approximately 20 miles southwest of Orlando, Florida, on approximately 25,000 acres of land. The resort includes theme parks (the Magic Kingdom, EPCOT, Disney’s Hollywood Studios and Disney’s Animal Kingdom); hotels; vacation club properties; a retail, dining and entertainment complex (Disney Springs); a sports complex; conference centers; campgrounds; golf courses; water parks; and other recreational facilities designed to attract visitors for an extended stay. The Walt Disney World Resort is marketed through a variety of international, national and local advertising and promotional activities. A number of attractions and restaurants in the theme parks are sponsored or operated by other companies under multi-year agreements. Magic Kingdom — The Magic Kingdom consists of six themed areas: Adventureland, Fantasyland, Frontierland, Liberty Square, Main Street USA and Tomorrowland. Each area provides a unique guest experience featuring themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences. EPCOT — EPCOT consists of four major themed areas: World Showcase, World Celebration, World Nature and World Discovery. All areas feature themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences. Countries represented with pavilions include Canada, China, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Morocco, Norway, the United Kingdom and the U.S. Disney’s Hollywood Studios — Disney’s Hollywood Studios consists of eight themed areas: Animation Courtyard, Commissary Lane, Echo Lake, Grand Avenue, Hollywood Boulevard, Star Wars : Galaxy’s Edge, Sunset Boulevard and Toy Story Land. The areas provide behind-the-scenes glimpses of Hollywood-style action through various themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences. Disney’s Animal Kingdom — Disney’s Animal Kingdom consists of a 145-foot tall Tree of Life centerpiece surrounded by five themed areas: Africa, Asia, DinoLand USA, Discovery Island and Pandora - The World of Avatar. Each area contains themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences. The park features more than 300 species of live mammals, birds, reptiles and amphibians and 3,000 varieties of vegetation. DinoLand USA will be rethemed and in 2027, is planned to open as Tropical Americas, which will feature themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences. Hotels, Vacation Club Properties and Other Resort Facilities — As of September 27, 2025, the Company owned and operated 18 resort hotels and vacation club properties at the Walt Disney World Resort, with approximately 23,000 rooms and 3,900 vacation club units. Resort facilities include 500,000 square feet of conference meeting space and Disney’s Fort Wilderness camping and recreational area, which offers approximately 800 campsites. Disney Springs is an approximately 120 acre themed retail, dining and entertainment complex and consists of four areas: Marketplace, The Landing, Town Center and West Side. The areas are home to approximately 150 venues including the World of Disney retail store, which includes approximately 38,000 square feet of retail space. Most of the offerings at Disney Springs are operated by third parties that pay rent to the Company. Ten independently-operated hotels with approximately 7,000 rooms are situated on property leased from the Company. The ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex is an approximately 230 acre center that hosts professional-caliber training and competitions, festival and tournament events and interactive sports activities. The complex, which welcomes both amateur and professional athletes, accommodates multiple sporting events, including baseball, basketball, football, soccer, softball, tennis and track and field. It also includes a stadium and two venues designed for cheerleading, dance competitions and other indoor sports. Other recreational amenities and activities available at the Walt Disney World Resort include three championship golf courses, miniature golf courses, full-service spas, tennis, sailing, swimming, horseback riding and a number of other sports and leisure time activities. The resort also includes two water parks: Disney’s Blizzard Beach and Disney’s Typhoon Lagoon. 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS Disneyland Resort The Disneyland Resort is located in Anaheim, California on approximately 550 acres of land. The resort includes two theme parks (Disneyland and Disney California Adventure), three hotels and a retail, dining and entertainment complex (Downtown Disney). The Disneyland Resort is marketed through a variety of international, national and local advertising and promotional activities. A number of attractions and restaurants in the theme parks are sponsored or operated by other companies under multi-year agreements. Disneyland — Disneyland consists of nine themed areas: Adventureland, Bayou Country, Fantasyland, Frontierland, Main Street USA, Mickey’s Toontown, New Orleans Square, Star Wars : Galaxy’s Edge and Tomorrowland. These areas feature themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences. Disney California Adventure — Disney California Adventure includes eight themed areas: Avengers Campus, Buena Vista Street, Cars Land, Grizzly Peak, Hollywood Land, Paradise Gardens Park, Pixar Pier and San Fransokyo Square. These areas include themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences. Hotels, Vacation Club Units and Other Resort Facilities — As of September 27, 2025, the Company owned and operated three resort hotels and vacation club properties at the Disneyland Resort, with approximately 2,400 rooms and 180 vacation club units. Resort facilities included approximately 170,000 square feet of conference meeting space. Downtown Disney is an approximately 15-acre themed retail, dining and entertainment complex with approximately 40 venues including the World of Disney retail store, which includes approximately 25,000 square feet of retail space. Most of the offerings at Downtown Disney are operated by third parties that pay rent to the Company. Disneyland Paris Disneyland Paris is located approximately 20 miles east of Paris, France in Marne-la-Vallée on a 5,200-acre site that is being developed by Disneyland Paris pursuant to a master agreement with French governmental authorities. To date, approximately two-thirds of the site has been developed including properties owned and operated by third parties and a planned community (Val d’Europe). Disneyland Paris’ operations include two theme parks (Disneyland Park and Walt Disney Studios Park); seven themed resort hotels; two convention centers; and a retail, dining and entertainment complex (Disney Village). Disneyland Park — Disneyland Park consists of five themed areas: Adventureland, Discoveryland, Fantasyland, Frontierland and Main Street USA. These areas include themed attractions, restaurants, merchand
[...TRUNCATED...]