TICKER=DKS|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/DKS_2026-03-27.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Industry and Macroeconomic Conditions Macroeconomic conditions may adversely affect consumer discretionary spending and our business, operations, liquidity, and financial results. Our business depends on consumer discretionary spending, and are sensitive to changes in global macroeconomic conditions outside of our control, including inflation, prolonged inflationary pressures and measures taken to curb inflation; elevated interest rates and recessionary pressures; changes in consumer disposable income consumer confidence and debt burdens; perceptions of global economic stability (including in response to shifts in government policies); and wage and unemployment levels. These conditions can cause consumers to reduce or postpone discretionary purchases, resulting in lower traffic, reduced comparable sales, and decreased average value per transaction across our business. Geopolitical developments may also adversely affect our business and financial results. Ongoing conflicts and tensions —such as those in the Middle East (particularly the recent U.S. military operations in Iran), Ukraine and Venezuela—and the threat or outbreak of additional conflicts, war, terrorism, or public unrest may create economic instability, disrupt supply chains, increase fuel and transportation costs, or elevate cybersecurity risks. Such developments continue to introduce uncertainty regarding long‑term trade and economic conditions in the European Union and other markets, which may particularly affect our Foot Locker Business given its international footprint. In response to reduced demand, we may need to increase promotional activity or adjust pricing strategies, which could negatively impact our planned sales levels and gross margins. A sustained reduction in consumer spending or an extended period of economic instability could adversely affect our business, operations, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Intense competition in the sporting goods and retail industries could limit our growth and reduce our profitability. We operate in a highly fragmented, intensely competitive and rapidly evolving global marketplace. We operate a number of different store formats and compete with an expanding set of retailers and other potential competitors across multiple formats and channels—including large-format, specialty and traditional retailers; mass merchants; department stores; and online and direct‑to‑consumer sellers, including vendors. Many of our competitors have significant international, national, regional, or local market presence, and their name recognition, and financial, marketing, technological, and other resources allow them to meaningfully compete with our business across various channels. Our ability to effectively and successfully respond to competitive pressures may adversely affect our results of operations, profitability or reputation. Consumers can compare prices and product offerings in real time, increasing pressure on us to maintain competitive pricing, differentiated assortments and compelling marketing programs. If our varied marketing and advertising strategies, particularly across digital and social media channels, are unsuccessful, we could lose customers and experience declining sales. In addition, the retail industry is undergoing continued technological innovation and disruption—including increased use of artificial intelligence (“AI”) and machine learning. If we cannot innovate, enhance our platforms or adopt new technologies at a pace consistent with consumer expectations and industry developments, our business could be harmed. Fluctuations in product costs and availability could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our product costs depend in part on the cost and availability of raw materials and component inputs. Significant increases in those costs—whether due to trade tensions, shifting tariff policies in key sourcing countries like China, Mexico, and Canada (including recently enacted tariffs and potential additional shifts in tariff policies in the future), currency fluctuations, material shortages, supply chain disruptions, or other factors—could increase manufacturing and other costs for both our own private brand merchandise and the products we purchase from our vendors. These factors could also compel us to seek alternative suppliers, take pricing actions, modify operations, or take other actions that may not fully mitigate the associated cost increases, and our sales, margins, and profitability could be adversely affected. Our business also depends heavily on third‑party transportation providers to move products (including those manufactured overseas). Transportation availability and other sourcing costs are influenced by fuel price volatility, extreme weather conditions, geopolitical conflicts and tensions as discussed above, acts of war or terrorism, port congestion, government shutdowns, labor disputes, regulatory changes, inspections, and other disruptions to global trade routes, shortages of qualified transportation personnel, and limited availability of aircraft, ships, trucks, and rail equipment. In particular, the military conflict recently launched in Iran has had, and may continue to have, adverse impacts on global trade with respect to goods passing through the Strait of Hormuz and material supply chain disruptions resulting in significant increases in oil and fuel prices 15 Table of Contents globally. Increased demand for transportation services and spikes in fuel prices have resulted in higher transportation costs for us and our vendors, and continued volatility could further pressure our operating results. Any inability by us or our vendors to secure adequate and timely transportation resources at competitive rates or to otherwise obtain sufficient quantities of merchandise at acceptable cost on a timely basis could delay product flow, result in shipment delays, disrupt inventory levels, and negatively impact our ability to serve customers, any of which may adversely affect our sales, profitability, and customer experience. Our reliance on products manufactured outside the United States and our significant international operations expose us to numerous global economic, political, regulatory, and supply‑chain risks that could materially and adversely affect our sales, profitability, results of operations, and financial condition. A substantial portion of our merchandise, including most of our vertical brand merchandise, is manufactured abroad. As a result, our business is subject to a broad range of risks inherent in international sourcing and global retail operations, including changes in import duties, quotas, tariffs, and other trade restrictions; the potential introduction or expansion of taxes on imported goods; the loss of favorable trade status; trade remedy actions; geopolitical tensions; and other trade restraints affecting the countries where our vendors and manufacturers operate. Heightened political and economic uncertainty may further disrupt global trade flows, limit access to vital trade routes, or affect the availability and cost of imported goods. In addition, imported products are often subject to excise duties, sales taxes, and value‑added taxes, and our international retail operations are subject to various taxes in foreign jurisdictions. Changes in duty structures, tax rates, or tax legislation—including indirect‑tax reforms, digital services taxes, or customs‑valuation rules—could increase the cost of goods sold or operating expenses. Foreign manufacturers’ pricing may also be affected by local currency movements relative to the U.S. dollar, as well as changes in the cost of raw materials, which could further increase our product costs and negatively impact our margins. Risks Related to Our Operations and Reputation If we are unable to anticipate or respond effectively to changes in consumer demand, preferences, fashion trends or shopping patterns, our sales and profitability may be adversely affected. Our success depends on our ability to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing consumer demand, preferences and fashion, and cultural trends, as well as evolving shopping patterns across digital and in‑store channels of our business and international markets. We operate a fully omni‑channel business model and must meet customers’ expectations for appealing and consistent online experiences; localized and differentiated assortments; premium products; elevated customer service; fast, accurate and reliable delivery and pickup options; and convenient returns. Consumer expectations and shopping behaviors continue to evolve rapidly and vary across geographic and demographic groups, and these factors could be particularly pronounced within the global multi-cultural nature of our customer base with respect to the Foot Locker Business. If we do not provide an omni‑channel experience that aligns with customer expectations, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our need to make advanced merchandise purchase commitments can limit our ability to adjust quickly to changes in demand or fashion trends. If we misjudge consumer preferences or the market for our merchandise, we may experience significant markdowns, lower margins, missed sales opportunities and inventory write‑downs. The athletic footwear and apparel industry, particularly at the premium end of the market, is driven by fashion and cultural trends, changing consumer preferences and product innovation. We rely on our suppliers to maintain product innovation and to anticipate shifts in consumer tastes across the various geographic regions of our operations. We cannot guarantee that our merchandise selection will accurately reflect consumer preferences when offered for sale or that we will be able to identify and respond quickly to changes in fashion trends, especially given the long lead times required to source much of our product. Failure by us—or by our suppliers—to anticipate, identify or react appropriately to changes in fashion trends or consumer preferences could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our vertical brand offerings and specialty concept stores expose us to potential increased costs, risks related to innovation and prediction of consumer trends and demand, customer experiences, third party liability and proprietary rights, competition and certain additional risks. We develop and offer our customers exclusive vertical brand products, particularly within our DICK’S Business, which generally carry higher margins than equivalent third-party products. Our vertical brand products represent approximately 13% of our overall sales within the DICK’S Business. We expend considerable resources to develop new brands and continually seek to improve and expand our vertical brand offerings. Unexpected or increased costs or delays in development of a brand, excessive demands on management resources, legal or regulatory constraints, and changes in consumer demands and shopping patterns could cause us to curtail or abandon any of our vertical brand products, which could result in asset impairments and inventory write-downs. Additional risks relating to our vertical brand offerings include increased potential product liability and 16 Table of Contents product recalls for which we do not have third-party indemnification or other contractual rights or remedies (including product safety concerns); increased reputational risks related to responsible domestic and international sourcing; increased costs for labor or raw materials used to manufacture products; our ability to successfully protect our proprietary rights (e.g., defending against counterfeit or unauthorized goods); our ability to successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties; our ability to anticipate consumer trends and styles; and our ability to utilize talent and other generational advertising techniques to reach the relevant market specific to each vertical brand. We have also developed and introduced new store concepts and formats, including with respect to our DICK’S House of Sport stores, DICK’S Field House stores and Golf Galaxy Performance Centers within our DICK’S Business, as well as expanding or making improvements within our existing stores, including the pilot of a more focused product assortment within our Foot Locker Business which we’re referring to as our Fast Break initiative, which require considerable resources, and there is no assurance that these initiatives will be successful. We have also included a variety of experiential opportunities in our current store concept offerings for our DICK’S Business, such as climbing walls, batting cages, fields, ice rinks, group fitness activities and other in-person activations. Issues that may pose potential risks for our new store concepts, formats and enhanced experiential opportunities include: increased potential liability for bodily injury to customers or employees; increased liability for property damage; increased costs for implementing, installing, building, repairing, and maintaining our experiential concepts or creating new concepts; our ability to attract and retain employees with specific skill sets as it relates to experiential concepts; our ability to anticipate consumer trends or engaging activities across segments and international markets; increased reputational risks related to community involvement, giving, and other activations at a localized level; increased risk related to competitors attempting to create similar concepts to gain market share; and our ability to successfully administer and comply with obligations under license agreements that we have with third-party licensors of certain brands. Harm to our reputation could adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers and employees. Negative publicity or perceptions involving us, our brands, products, or individuals or entities associated with us, or failure to detect, prevent, mitigate or address issues giving rise to reputational risk, could adversely impact our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition, and may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers and employees. Issues that might pose a reputational risk include any of the risks enumerated in these risk factors. Furthermore, the prevalence of social media and potential misinformation may accelerate and in the short-term increase the potential scope of any negative publicity we or others might receive and could increase the negative impact of these issues on our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our strategic plans and initiatives may initially result in a negative impact on our financial results, and such plans and initiatives may not achieve the desired results within the anticipated time frame or at all. Our ability to successfully implement and execute our strategic plans and initiatives, including the ongoing integration of the Foot Locker Business, depends on many factors, some of which are out of our control. For additional risks related to the integration of the Foot Locker Business, see the risk factor captioned “We may not realize the anticipated benefits of the Foot Locker transaction or other strategic alliances, acquisitions or investments, and integration challenges or other risks associated with such transactions could adversely affect our business” below. Our focus on long-term strategic investments, including investments in our technology and other digital capabilities (such as AI and machine learning), our eCommerce and GameChanger platforms, DICK’s Media Network, improvements to the customer experience in our stores and online, our supply chain, enhancements to our ScoreCard loyalty program, the continued development of our vertical brands and specialty store concepts, expansion and re-positioning of our real estate portfolio (including grand openings, store remodels, experiential concepts and relocations), continued enhancements to our product assortment across our business, including the Fast Break initiative in the Foot Locker Business, and improving employee productivity through strategic talent investments, organizational re-alignment and otherwise may require higher short-term expenditures, changes to our existing cost structure and/or significant capital investment and management attention at the expense of other business initiatives and may take longer than anticipated to achieve the desired return or fail to achieve the desired return at all. Additionally, any new initiative is subject to certain risks, including customer and employee acceptance, competition, product differentiation, our ability to successfully implement technological initiatives, and the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to support the initiative. An inability to execute our real estate strategy could adversely affect our financial results. Our financial performance depends, in part, on our ability to execute our real estate strategies across our business, which are varying and multi-faceted. For our DICK’S Business, this includes growing and optimizing larger-format specialty store concepts and to repositioning and optimizing our existing store portfolio over time, and for our Foot Locker Business, includes maintaining and acquiring locations in highly productive urban retail corridors, high streets, and enclosed regional and 17 Table of Contents neighborhood malls. There can be no assurance that we will be able to locate and obtain control of adequate desirable real estate that meets the criteria of our business or that such locations will continue to be available on favorable terms. Our ability to negotiate favorable lease, purchase, or operating terms depends on conditions in the real estate, capital, and construction markets and other factors outside of our control, including competition for desirable properties; our relationships with current and prospective landlords, property owners, and shopping center or mall operators; construction costs; the availability of labor and materials; access to sufficient capital and/or financing vehicles, such as sale-leasebacks; local regulations; private restrictions; third-party or political opposition; and broader market conditions. Additionally, several large landlords control many prime properties, and further consolidation or deterioration in their financial condition could reduce our ability to obtain and retain desirable locations on favorable terms. If we are unable to secure suitable sites or negotiate appropriate terms, we may incur excessive costs, and our operating margins and/or return on investment may fall below acceptable levels. Because a meaningful portion of our stores, particularly within our Foot Locker Business, are located in shopping centers or malls, our performance is influenced by the volume of mall traffic and the sustained success and relevance of those locations. Mall traffic may be adversely affected by economic downturns; the closing or decline of anchor tenants and specialty retailers; vacancies or closures; shifts in consumer shopping habits, including increased online shopping; singular material events, such as a public health emergency, or decline in the popularity of mall shopping among our target customers. Our DICK’S Business may also be affected by changes in traffic patterns in the regional shopping areas and off-mall retail nodes where many of our stores are located. Declines in traffic or conversion rates may require us to increase markdowns, promotions, or marketing spend, which could adversely impact our financial results. Additionally, the growth of our business is dependent on our ability to open and operate our various store concepts synergistically in geographic regions where multiple store concepts may exist in close proximity to one another. If particular stores become unprofitable, we may be required to record impairment charges and may not be able to terminate related leases or sell associated real estate. Store closures may result in short-term economic consequences, such as ongoing rent or other lease-related obligations for the remainder of the lease term, termination charges, default risks, or, if a property is owned, costs, expenses, and losses associated with a sale or other disposition. We may also remain liable for certain post‑assignment or sublease obligations if an assignee, sublessee, or tenant fails to perform. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. These risks may be more prevalent within our Foot Locker segment as we continue our review of the global Foot Locker business store fleet and evaluate closure of certain underperforming stores. Our business relies on our global distribution and fulfillment network, and disruptions in or failures to optimize this network, could cause us to lose merchandise, be unable to effectively and efficiently deliver merchandise to our stores and customers, and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The ability to optimize our global distribution and fulfillment network, which includes multiple distribution centers worldwide, our eCommerce fulfillment centers, and our stores that serve as forward distribution points, to avoid disruptions and maximize efficiencies, depends on a variety of factors including severe weather conditions, natural disasters, public health emergencies or other catastrophic events, problems with our information technology systems or our warehouse management systems, labor or employee disagreements, supply chain disruptions or other shipping problems, and general geopolitical, economic and real estate conditions. An inability to optimize our distribution and fulfillment network might impair our ability to adequately stock our stores, process returns and fulfill eCommerce orders at the speed expected by customers, increase costs associated with shipping and delivery, damage a material portion of our inventory, and otherwise negatively affect our operations, sales, profitability, and reputation. In addition, we rely on independent third-party transportation providers for substantially all of our merchandise shipments. If we change shipping companies, we could face logistical difficulties that could adversely impact deliveries, and we would incur costs and expend resources in connection with such change. Moreover, we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those received from the independent third-party transportation providers we currently use, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. Unauthorized access to, or disclosure of, sensitive or confidential information could result in substantial costs, operational disruption, legal exposure, and reputational harm, and evolving privacy and cybersecurity regulations may increase our compliance obligations and related risks. The protection of customer, employee, vendor, and Company data is critical to our business. In the normal course of operations, we collect, receive, store, manage, transmit, and delete confidential and sensitive information, including payment card data, personally identifiable information, employee and vendor information, and other proprietary or confidential Company data, and rely on numerous third‑party vendors and service providers in this regard. Although we have established cybersecurity 18 Table of Contents governance processes, implemented security measures, and conduct regular training and system updates, cyber threats continue to evolve rapidly accelerated by emerging technologies such as advanced artificial intelligence and machine learning. We may be unable to anticipate, prevent, or fully mitigate new or sophisticated cyberattacks or insider threats, whether intentional or inadvertent. While we and our third-party providers have experienced non‑material data security issues from time-to-time, and in the future may continue to experience cyberattacks or threats of varying degrees in the conduct of our business, we are not aware of any material data breach to date. Nevertheless, any actual or perceived compromise of data security could interrupt our operations; result in loss, theft, or misuse of sensitive information; harm our reputation; undermine customer trust; discourage participation in our loyalty program; and require significant remediation costs, including investments in additional technology, system upgrades, or personnel. A material compromise could also expose us to substantial legal, regulatory, and financial consequences beyond the scope or limits of our insurance coverage. In addition, the data privacy and cybersecurity regulatory environment is becoming increasingly complex, with new, more rigorous, and often inconsistent requirements emerging at the federal, state, and global levels. We are subject to numerous laws and regulations, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the United Kingdom GDPR, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and other U.S. state and international privacy laws. We are also subject to payment card industry compliance and other regulatory requirements. These laws impose strict requirements regarding the collection, use, storage, transfer, deletion, and protection of personal data, and grant enhanced rights to individuals. Regulatory scrutiny from international regulatory authorities, U.S. federal agencies, U.S. state attorneys general, and newly created U.S. state privacy regulators continues to increase, and we have received inquiries from government authorities from time-to-time regarding our data practices. Maintaining compliance with these obligations may require significant resources, ongoing enhancements to our privacy and cybersecurity programs, and changes to our business practices. Evolving regulations may limit our ability to collect and use data to enhance and personalize our customer experience, support marketing and advertising activities, or execute strategic initiatives. Failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or to respond appropriately to a data‑security incident, could result in severe penalties, sanctions, governmental investigations, consumer litigation, and reputational harm. Problems with our information systems could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our financial results and materially adversely affect our business operations. We utilize and depend on information systems for core system needs of our business, including our use of an independent service provider for electronic payment processing. We rely on these systems to make operational decisions, manage inventory, operate our websites, track, record and analyze the merchandise we sell, process and deliver shipments of goods, and maintain normal business activities. Additionally, we have adopted a hybrid remote work environment which relies on the efficiency and functionality of our information systems. If any of these systems (including our back-up systems, third party systems or systems upon which any of these systems rely) are damaged, breached, or fail to function properly, whether from natural, accidental or malicious events, it could disrupt our operations, we may suffer loss of critical data, and we may have to undertake significant investments to repair or replace these systems, which could negatively impact our financial results and materially adversely affect our business operations. If independent service providers become unwilling or unable to provide such services to us or if the cost of using these providers increases, our business could be harmed. In addition, the development, adoption, and use of generative AI technologies and machine learning are progressing rapidly; ineffective or inadequate AI and machine learning development or deployment practices by us or by third parties, including vendors, could result in unintended consequences. For example, AI or machine learning algorithms that we use may be flawed or based on datasets that are biased, incomplete or insufficient. In addition, any latency, disruption, or failure in our AI or machine learning systems or infrastructure could result in operational delays or errors. Developing, testing, and deploying resource-intensive AI and machine learning systems may require additional investment and increase our costs. We may be unable to attract, train, engage and retain key employees and to adequately respond to employee organizing efforts. Our long-term success and ability to implement our strategic goals and initiatives depends on our ability to attract, retain, train and develop key and qualified employees in all areas of the organization. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including market pressures with respect to prevailing wage rates, equity compensation, unemployment levels and labor availability, particularly in key geographic regions, and employee benefit costs; adoption of new work models and policies regarding on-site and remote work; immigration compliance, and international wage and labor standards and other global regulatory factors; changing demographics; and our reputation within the labor market. If we are unable to attract and retain a global workforce that meets our needs, our operations, service levels, support functions, and competitiveness could suffer, and our results could be adversely affected. 19 Table of Contents We also cannot predict whether any unionization or other organizing efforts could occur with our employees within one or more of our domestic or international markets. Any such efforts could increase our costs and negatively impact our operational flexibility. Our response to any such efforts could be perceived negatively and harm our business and reputation. The loss of one or more of our key executives or the inability to successfully attract and retain executive officers or implement effective succession planning strategies could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our long-term success and ability to implement our strategic and business planning processes depends in large part on our ability to continue to attract and retain executive management, including recent hiring and appointments of key executives within our Foot Locker Business. All employees, including members of our executive management and key personnel, are at-will employees, and we generally do not maintain key-person life insurance policies on our employees. The loss of any one of the members of our executive management team, including our President & Chief Executive Officer, Lauren Hobart, and our Executive Chairman Edward W. Stack, who began operating the Company in 1984, continues to oversee our merchandising group and key strategic growth initiatives, including the Foot Locker Business, could seriously harm our business. Effective succession planning for executive management and key personnel, including Ms. Hobart and Mr. Stack, is vital to our long-term continued success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge, maintenance of our culture, setting of strategic direction, and smooth transitions involving executive management and key personnel could hinder our long-term strategies and success. The seasonality of certain categories of our operations, along with the current geographic concentrations of our stores, exposes us to certain seasonal influences and weather-related risks. Our business is subject to seasonal influences and certain holidays and sports seasons during the year. Many of our stores are in geographic areas that experience seasonally cold weather, and we sell a significant amount of cold weather sporting goods and apparel. Within the DICK’S Business, our highest sales and operating income results have historically occurred during our second and fourth fiscal quarters, which is due in part to golf and team sports sales and the back-to-school season during the second quarter, and in part to the winter holiday season, and our historically strong sales of cold weather sporting goods and apparel in the fourth quarter. Results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the fiscal year. However, poor performance during a quarter because of slow holiday or back-to-school seasons or unseasonable weather conditions, including unusually warm weather in the winter months or abnormally wet or cold weather in the spring or summer months, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results for the entire fiscal year. Furthermore, extreme weather conditions and natural disasters caused by changing climate conditions or otherwise and other catastrophic events in the areas in which our stores, distribution centers and/or eCommerce fulfillment centers are located could negatively impact consumer shopping patterns, consumer confidence and disposable income, create interruptions to our business, damage or destroy key facilities, or otherwise could have a negative effect on our financial performance. We cannot provide any guaranty of future dividend payments or that we will continue to repurchase our common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program. Any determination to pay cash dividends or change the amount of our cash dividend on our common stock in the future will be based upon our financial condition, results of operations, business requirements, and the continuing determination from our Board of Directors that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our stockholders and complies with all laws and agreements applicable to the dividend. Furthermore, although our Board of Directors has authorized share repurchase programs, we are not obligated to make any purchases under these programs, and the Board may discontinue these programs at any time. If we do not successfully manage our inventory levels and protect against inventory shrink, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels is a key component of our operating performance. We must carry sufficient inventory to meet customer demand while avoiding excess or slow‑moving merchandise. If we fail to accurately forecast demand, consumer buying patterns, or shifts in product trends, we may be required to take markdowns or run promotional activity to clear excess inventory, negatively affecting our gross margins and overall financial performance. We have and are continuing to implement key strategic initiatives designed to optimize inventory levels, enhance supply‑chain efficiency, and improve product‑to‑market processes, including expansion of our capabilities in data science, demand forecasting, and customer‑behavior analytics to better localize assortments and increase store‑level allocation accuracy, as well as deploying technology intended to improve in‑season responsiveness. We’ve also taken and are continuing to take strategic actions with respect to historically unproductive inventory in our Foot Locker Business to optimize our assortment. Because these initiatives require significant changes to our inventory management systems, processes, and organizational capabilities, any failure to 20 Table of Contents implement, integrate, or fully utilize these initiatives could prevent us from realizing the expected benefits and could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, our business is exposed to risks related to inventory shrinkage—losses from damage, theft (including organized retail crime), and other causes. Although some level of inventory shrink is inherent in the retail business and our inventory shrink generally stabilized in 2025, we have experienced elevated levels of inventory shrink in the past, which could return or worsen. We must also maintain a safe store environment for our employees and customers. Elevated levels of shrink or an unsafe store environment can negatively affect profitability, result in asset impairments at affected stores, and may require strategic changes in operational procedures or security measures that could increase our costs and adversely impact our reputation and the employee or customer in-store experience. Our future growth may depend on the Foot Locker Business’s ability to expand its market share in international markets, including through licensed or franchise arrangements, and failure to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Future growth within our Foot Locker Business will depend, in part, on our ability to expand our presence and market share in international regions where we currently operate as well as in new markets where we may have limited operating experience. In certain countries, we rely—and may increasingly rely—on third‑party partners through licensing or franchise arrangements to operate stores or digital platforms under our banners. Our ability to grow internationally therefore depends not only on our own execution but also on the capabilities, financial stability, operational discipline, and brand stewardship of these foreign business partners. Our Foot Locker Business has retail operations in 20 countries across North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia, plus a licensed store presence in Europe, the Middle East, and Asia. These international operations expose us to retail‑market and regulatory risks unique to non‑U.S. jurisdictions, including distinct consumer behaviors and preferences and shifts related thereto; political or social instability; changes in local economic conditions; fluctuations in real estate and occupancy costs and variations in real estate conditions generally; foreign tax structures; and labor, employment, data‑protection and other regulatory and compliance requirements that differ significantly from those in the United States. Because these businesses primarily conduct transactions in their local currencies, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates—especially the euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar and the Japanese yen—may materially affect our reported results when translated into U.S. dollars. In some markets, local business practices and regulatory frameworks may be unfamiliar or more complex than those in our historical footprint for the DICK’S Business. In addition, expansion into new geographies may require significant capital investment, adjustments to our store formats or digital platforms, enhanced supply‑chain capabilities, and increased management attention. If we or our licensed or franchised partners are unable to successfully execute expansion strategies, adapt our banners to new market dynamics, comply with local regulatory requirements, or maintain consistent brand standards, our international growth may not materialize as expected. Any failure to expand profitably—or at all—in targeted international markets could adversely affect the Foot Locker Business’s future growth trajectory and could have a material adverse effect on our overall business, financial condition, and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and Other Anti-Takeover Mechanisms Failure to meet market expectations has caused, and could in the future cause, a decline in our common stock price. As a publicly-traded company, various securities analysts follow our financial results and issue reports about our historical financial results as well as analysts’ opinions of our future performance, including estimates or projections on future results, which may, in part, be based upon any guidance we have provided. If our operating results differ from the estimates or expectations of public market analysts and investors, our stock price could decline (which has happened in the past and could happen in the future). We are currently subject to securities class action and shareholder derivative lawsuits, books and records demands and Section 220 actions relating to a temporary decline in our stock price and could become involved in additional litigation of this type in the future. Any litigation could result in reputational damage, substantial costs (directly or indirectly, such as potential insurance cost increases) and a diversion of management’s attention and resources needed to successfully run our business. See Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” for more information regarding the pending securities class action, shareholder derivative lawsuits, books and records demands and Section 220 actions. We are controlled by holders of our Class B common stock, whose interests may differ from other stockholders. Holders of our Class B common stock, consisting of our Executive Chairman, Mr. Edward W. Stack, his relatives, and various trusts established for the benefit of their families, control a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock and Class B common stock and would control the outcome of a vote on any corporate transaction or other matter submitted to our 21 Table of Contents stockholders for approval. The interests of the holders of Class B common stock may differ from the interests of our other stockholders and they may take actions with which our other stockholders disagree. Further, activist investors and other public pressures have recently applied greater scrutiny to listed companies with such dual class share structures. Similar efforts or enhanced scrutiny with respect to our Class B common stock could adversely impact perceptions of our common stock value, divert management attention from our core business operations and strategic initiatives, and/or cause our stock price to decline. The issuance of Class B common stock and other anti-takeover mechanisms could prevent or delay a change in control of our Company or certain other transactions, even if such a change in control transaction could be beneficial to our stockholders. Provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws as well as provisions of Delaware law could discourage, delay, or prevent a merger, acquisition, or other change in control of our Company, even if such change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions include: authorizing the issuance of Class B common stock; authorizing the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that could be issued by our Board of Directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt; prohibiting the use of cumulative voting for the election of directors; prohibiting stockholder action by partial written consent and requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders or by unanimous written consent if our Class B common stock is no longer outstanding; and establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the Board of Directors or for proposing matters to be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. Risks Related to Third Parties and Legal and Regulatory Requirements We depend on key suppliers, distributors and manufacturers to provide us with sufficient quantities of quality, innovative and competitively priced products, and any disruption in these relationships could adversely affect our business. Our ability to provide a compelling merchandise assortment depends on maintaining strong relationships with a large but concentrated group of suppliers. We purchased merchandise from approximately 1500 vendors in fiscal 2025, with Nike, our largest vendor, representing approximately 31% of total merchandise purchases. Because of this concentration, any adverse development in a key supplier’s brand power, reputation, financial condition, product innovation, or manufacturing capability—or its decision to change its distribution or allocation strategies—could materially adversely affect our business. We generally do not have long‑term written contracts with our suppliers that would require them to continue supplying us with merchandise or providing us with customary incentives we’ve historically received in the DICK’S Business such as return privileges, volume purchasing allowances, cooperative advertising and markdown allowances. Key vendors may fail to deliver on their commitments or fail to supply us with sufficient products that comply with our safety and quality standards or fail to continue to develop new products that create consumer demand. Any inability to obtain merchandise in a timely manner, secure adequate product allocations, or maintain favorable supplier terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, fin
[...TRUNCATED...]