TICKER=DLR|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/DLR_2026-02-13.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS For purposes of this section, the term “stockholders” means the holders of shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s common stock and preferred stock. Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders and Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders. You should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating our Company, our properties and our business. The occurrence of any of the following risks might cause Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders and Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders to lose all or a part of their investment. Some statements in this report, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled “Forward-Looking Statements” starting on page 46. Overview Our business, operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock and preferred stock. The following material factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results and those expressed in forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf in filings with the SEC, press releases, communications with investors and oral statements. The risks that we describe in our public filings are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently consider immaterial, also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. Risk Related to Our Business and Operations ● Our business depends upon the demand for data centers. 14 Table of Contents ​ Index to Financial Statements ​ ● We depend upon third-party suppliers for power and we are vulnerable to service failures and price increases by such suppliers and to volatility in the supply and price of power in the open market. ● We face significant competition, which may adversely affect the occupancy and rental rates of our data centers. ● Any failure of our physical or information technology or operational technology infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions. ● We and our third-party providers are vulnerable to cyberattacks and security breaches that could materially disrupt or compromise our operations, data and results. ● We depend on significant customers, and many of our data centers are single-tenant properties or are currently occupied by single tenants. ● Failure to attract, grow and retain a diverse and balanced customer base, including key magnet customers, could harm our business and operating results. ● Our contracts with our customers could subject us to significant liability. ● Certain of our customer agreements may include restrictions on the sale of our properties to certain third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on us. ● Our data centers may not be suitable for re-leasing without significant expenditures or renovations. ● We may be unable to lease vacant or development space, renew leases, or re-lease space as leases expire. ● Even if we have additional space available for lease at any one of our data centers, our ability to lease this space to existing or new customers could be constrained by our ability to provide sufficient electrical power. ● Our portfolio depends upon local economic conditions and is geographically concentrated in certain locations. ● Our business and operations, and our customers, suppliers and business partners may be adversely affected by epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks. ● We lease or sublease certain of our data center space from third parties and the ability to retain these leases or subleases could be a significant risk to our ongoing operations. ● We and our customers may experience supply chain or procurement disruptions, or increased supply chain costs, which may lead to delays. ● We may not be able to adapt to changing technologies and customer requirements, and our data center infrastructure may become obsolete. ● We depend on third parties to provide network connectivity to the customers in our data centers and any delays or disruptions in connectivity may materially adversely affect our operating results and cash flow. ● Our international activities, including acquisition, ownership and operation of data centers located outside of the United States, subject us to risks different than those we face in the United States and we may not be able to effectively manage our international business. ● Our acquisitions may not achieve the intended benefits or may disrupt our plans and operations. ● We may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities related to our acquisitions, for which we may have no or limited recourse against the sellers. ● Joint venture (JV), fund and other investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on our JV partners’ financial condition and disputes between us and our partners. ● Any delays or unexpected costs in the development of our existing space and developable land and new properties acquired for development may delay and harm our growth prospects, future operating results and financial condition. ● Many of our costs, such as operating and general and administrative expenses, interest expense and real estate acquisition and construction costs, could be adversely impacted by periods of heightened inflation. ● We have substantial debt and face risks associated with the use of debt to fund our business activities, including refinancing and interest rate risks. ● Our growth depends on external sources of capital which are outside of our control. ● Declining real estate valuations, impairment charges and illiquidity of real estate investments could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. ● Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed. ● As artificial intelligence becomes more prevalent in the workplace, it may present new considerations that could affect our business and operating results. ● We may have difficulty managing our growth. ● Potential losses may not be covered by insurance. 15 Table of Contents ​ Index to Financial Statements ​ ● We could incur significant costs related to environmental matters, including from government regulation, private litigation, and existing conditions at some of our properties. ● We may incur significant costs complying with applicable laws and governmental regulations, including the Americans with Disabilities Act. ● Our business could be adversely impacted if there are deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. ● Volatility in market and economic conditions may impact the accuracy of the various estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements and footnotes to the financial statements. ​ Risks Related to the Organizational Structure ● The interests of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders may conflict with the interests of Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders. ● Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s charter, Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s partnership agreement and Maryland law contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction. ● The conversion rights of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s preferred stock may be detrimental to holders of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s common stock. ● Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s rights and the rights of its stockholders to take action against its directors and officers are limited. ​ Risks Related to Taxes and Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s Status as a REIT ● Failure to qualify as a REIT would have significant adverse consequences to Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and its stockholders and to Digital Realty Trust, L.P. and its unitholders. ● Even if Digital Realty Trust, Inc. qualifies as a REIT, it may be subject to federal and state taxes in certain circumstances and its foreign properties and companies are subject to foreign taxes, which would reduce its cash available for distribution to its stockholders. ● Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. ● The tax imposed on REITs engaging in “prohibited transactions” may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for U.S. federal income tax purposes. ● Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments. ● The power of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s Board of Directors to revoke Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s REIT election without stockholder approval may cause adverse consequences to Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders and Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders. ● If Digital Realty Trust, L.P. were to fail to qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. would fail to qualify as a REIT and suffer other adverse consequences. ● Tax liabilities and attributes inherited in connection with acquisitions may adversely impact our business. ● Changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws and regulations, including changes to tax rates, legislation and other actions may adversely affect our results of operations, our stockholders, Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders and us. ​ 16 Table of Contents ​ Index to Financial Statements ​ Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Our business depends upon the demand for data centers. We are in the business of owning, acquiring, developing and operating data centers. A reduction in the demand for data center space, power or connectivity would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a portfolio with a less specialized use. Our substantial development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns as well as adverse developments in the data center, Internet and data communications and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for data center space. Reduced demand could also result from business relocations, including to metropolitan areas that we do not currently serve. Changes in industry practice or in technology could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide. In addition, our customers may choose to develop new data centers or expand their own existing data centers or consolidate into data centers that we do not own or operate, which could reduce demand for our newly developed data centers or result in the loss of one or more key customers. If any of our key customers were to do so, it could result in a loss of business to us or put pressure on our pricing. Mergers or consolidations of technology companies could reduce further the number of our customers and potential customers and make us more dependent on a more limited number of customers. If our customers merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our customers, they may discontinue or reduce the use of our data centers in the future. Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected as a result of any or all of these factors. We depend upon third-party suppliers for power and we are vulnerable to service failures and price increases by such suppliers and to volatility in the supply and price of power in the open market. We rely on third parties to provide power to our data centers, and we cannot ensure that these third parties will deliver such power in adequate quantities, at acceptable levels of power quality, or on a consistent basis. We are also reliant on third parties to deliver additional power capacity to support the growth of our business. If the amount of power available to us is inadequate to support our customer requirements, we may be unable to satisfy our obligations to our customers or grow our business. In addition, our data centers may be susceptible to power shortages and planned or unplanned outages caused by these shortages or load-shedding requirements by governmental or quasi-governmental entities. Power outages may last beyond our backup and alternative power arrangements, which would harm our customers and our business. Any loss of services or equipment damage could adversely affect both our ability to generate revenues and our operating results, harm our reputation and potentially lead to customer disputes or litigation. In addition, we may be subject to risks and unanticipated costs associated with obtaining power from various utility companies. Utilities that serve our data centers may be dependent on, and sensitive to price increases for, a particular type of fuel, such as natural gas, coal or nuclear. In addition, the price of these fuels and the total cost of delivered electricity could increase as a result of: grid modernization charges, ratepayer surcharges related to recovering the cost of extreme weather events and natural disasters, increased demand from utilities from credit support and other obligations, minimum demand charges, geopolitical conflicts, military conflicts, energy market structure and/or regulatory changes, the adoption of modified and/or new energy tariffs, regulations intended to regulate carbon emissions and other pollutants, renewable energy adoption, and other obligations, as well as by the addition of other charges borne by ratepayers. Increases in the cost of power at any of our data centers could put those locations at a competitive disadvantage relative to data centers that are supplied power at a lower price. We have also entered into power purchase agreements with contract terms ranging from 5-20 years. These agreements require us to purchase renewable energy and/or environmental attribute certificates from producers at fixed prices over the terms of the contracts, subject to certain adjustments. In the event that the market price for energy and/or environmental attribute certificates decreases, we may be required to pay more than we would otherwise if we were to purchase them on the open market, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, interruptions in the operations of one or more of the suppliers under these agreements, as a result of extreme weather events, natural disasters or otherwise, could negatively impact the quantity of renewable energy credits delivered to us. Disruptions in the oil and gas and electric power markets have caused, and could continue to cause, significant increases in energy prices, which could have a material effect on our business. 17 Table of Contents ​ Index to Financial Statements ​ We face significant competition, which may adversely affect the occupancy and rental rates of our data centers. We compete with numerous data center providers globally, many of whom own or operate properties similar to ours in some of the same metropolitan areas where our data centers are located, including Equinix, Inc. and NTT; various private operators in the U.S.; as well as Global Switch Holdings Limited and various regional operators in Europe, Asia, Latin America, Africa and Australia. In addition, we may in the future face competition from new entrants into the data center market, including new entrants who may acquire our current competitors. Some of our competitors and potential competitors have significant advantages over us, including greater name recognition, longer operating histories, pre-existing relationships with current or potential customers, significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources and more ready access to capital which allow them to respond more quickly to new or changing opportunities. If our competitors offer space that our customers or potential customers perceive to be superior to ours based on factors such as available power, security, location, or connectivity, or if they offer rental rates below current market rates, or below the rental rates we are offering, we may lose customers or potential customers or be required to incur costs to improve our data centers or reduce our rental rates. In addition, many of our competitors have developed and continue to develop additional data center space. If the supply of data center space continues to increase as a result of these activities or otherwise, rental rates may be reduced or we may face delays in leasing or be unable to lease our vacant space, including space that we develop. Further, if customers or potential customers desire services that we do not offer, we may not be able to lease our space to those customers. Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected as a result of any or all of these factors. Any failure of our physical or information technology or operational technology infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions. Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable services, including with respect to power supply, physical security, cybersecurity, and maintenance of environmental conditions. We may fail to provide such services because our operations are vulnerable to, among other things, mechanical or telecommunications failure, power outage, human error, physical or electronic security breaches, cyberattacks, war, terrorism, fire, earthquake, pandemics, hurricane, flood and other natural disasters, sabotage and vandalism. We rely on numerous electrical, heating and cooling, fire protection, energy storage and battery backup, uninterruptible power systems, and emergency power generation systems and equipment to operate our facilities. The systems and equipment are required to handle high performance demands, including extreme heat and cold, high voltage, corrosion, high power demands and energy storage capacity, thermal and physical stresses, continuous operation in extreme conditions, and other routine, seasonal, and emergency operational demands. Failure of systems or equipment may affect other systems or equipment or customers, and it could mean we are unable to satisfy our obligations to our customers. Any loss of services or equipment damage could adversely affect both our ability to generate revenues and our operating results, harm our reputation and potentially lead to customer disputes or litigation. Substantially all of our customer agreements include terms requiring us to meet certain service level commitments. A failure to meet these or other commitments or equipment damage in our data centers could subject us to contractual liability, including service level credits against customer rent payments, legal liability and monetary damages, regulatory sanctions, or, in certain cases of repeated failures, the right by the customer to terminate the agreement. Service interruptions, equipment failures or security breaches could also materially impact our brand and reputation globally and lead to customer contract terminations or non-renewals and an inability to attract customers in the future. 18 Table of Contents ​ Index to Financial Statements ​ We and our third-party providers are vulnerable to cyberattacks and security breaches that could materially disrupt or compromise our operations, data and results. We rely on computer systems, hardware, software, online sites and networks, as well as physical, digital and operational technology infrastructure to support our internal and external operations (collectively, “Information Systems”). We own, operate, and manage complex, global Information Systems and also rely on third-party providers for a range of Information Systems and other products and services, such as cloud computing. We face evolving risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of Information Systems and data, including from state-sponsored espionage actors, financially motivated hackers, hacktivists and insiders, as well as through diverse attack vectors, such as social engineering/phishing, malware (including ransomware), human or technological error, or due to “bugs,” misconfigurations and known and unknown vulnerabilities in hardware, software, systems and processes that support our business. Even if vulnerabilities are publicly known or identified through our security tools, we cannot guarantee that patches or mitigating measures will be implemented before a threat actor can exploit them. Unauthorized access to our or customers’ physical assets or Information Systems, misappropriation of our or customers’ sensitive or proprietary information, or disruptions to our or customers’ operations as a result of attacks, breaches or disruptions to our, or any providers’ or customers’, Information Systems or controls could lead to material breaches of legal and regulatory (e.g., privacy laws such as GDPR) or contractual obligations, and/or other operational and business impacts. The foregoing could expose us to material lawsuits, regulatory actions, penalties or fines, monetary damages, loss of existing or potential customers, harm to our reputation and significant increases in our security and insurance costs, and other adverse effects on our business and results. We are subject to ongoing cyberattacks and other security incidents, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems, and we expect such attempts to continue. For example, we have experienced, and are likely in the future to experience, sophisticated social engineering/phishing attacks that involve unauthorized access to our information. While to date no attacks or incidents have materially impacted us, we cannot guarantee that any incidents will not materially impact us or that material incidents will not occur in the future. There can also be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management processes will be fully implemented as currently anticipated, complied with or effective in protecting our or our customers’ Information Systems and data, particularly because threat actors are increasingly sophisticated and using tools such as AI that circumvent controls and evade detection, making detection, mitigation and recovery challenging and uncertain. Although our customers maintain computing equipment in our facilities, we generally do not have access to, nor knowledge of, what applications or data are stored or processed on such equipment. For some customers, we provide digital infrastructure and platforms-as-a-service, which increases the risk of compromise to customer data, and we have been expanding these aspects of our business globally. Regulators around the world are increasingly focusing on, and investigating, cybersecurity matters. For example, as we most recently disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2025, we cooperated with the Division of Enforcement of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in their investigation into the adequacy of our disclosures of cybersecurity risks and our related disclosure controls and procedures. By letter dated December 22, 2025, the SEC Division of Enforcement informed us that based on the information it had as of that date, it had concluded the investigation and did not intend to recommend an enforcement action by the SEC against the Company. We are not aware of any cybersecurity issue or event that caused the Staff to open this matter. 19 Table of Contents ​ Index to Financial Statements ​ We have made, and expect to continue to make, investments to update and modernize both existing and newly acquired Information Systems. We have ongoing acquisitions and investment activity, including through the formation of joint ventures. For example, we have acquired and invested in, and continue to acquire and invest in, businesses and operations (including joint ventures) around the world, including in new regions with complex and evolving regulatory frameworks and differing risk profiles, and including in and with companies that have cybersecurity vulnerabilities and security measures which may be less robust than our existing Information Systems, which increases our cybersecurity risks. In addition, transitioning to new or upgraded Information Systems, and integrating acquired Information Systems and data, creates challenges, causes disruption to current processes, governance and structures, and can increase our cybersecurity vulnerabilities and costs to mitigate and remediate such vulnerabilities. Given the nature of complex systems, software and services like ours, and the scanning tools that we deploy across our networks and products, we regularly identify and track security vulnerabilities. However, certain vulnerabilities may not be discovered, and not all vulnerabilities may be remediated in a timely manner. Further, cybersecurity governance with respect to our joint ventures may be more complex due to the necessary interactions and oversight of multiple joint venture partners and their respective governing bodies. Difficulties in implementing new, upgraded, and/or acquired Information Systems or significant failures, delays, or other inability to modify and respond to changes in our or our customers’ business and cybersecurity needs could adversely affect our results. We depend on significant customers, and many of our data centers are single-tenant properties or are currently occupied by single tenants. As of December 31, 2025, the 20 largest customers in our portfolio represented approximately 51% of the total annualized recurring revenue generated by our properties. Our top three customers represented approximately 26% of the total annualized recurring revenue generated by our properties as of December 31, 2025. In addition, 20 of our 310 data centers are occupied by single customers, including data centers occupied solely by our top three customers. Many factors, including global economic conditions, may cause our customers to experience a downturn in their businesses or otherwise experience a lack of liquidity, which may weaken their financial condition and impact our estimates as to the probability of collectability of payments, and ultimately result in their failure to make timely rental and other payments or their default under their agreements with us. Further, the development of new technologies, the adoption of new industry standards or other factors could render many of our customers’ current products and services obsolete or unmarketable and contribute to a downturn in their businesses, thereby increasing the likelihood that they default under their leases, become insolvent or file for bankruptcy. If any customer defaults or fails to make timely rent or other payments, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. If any customer becomes a debtor in a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, we cannot evict the customer solely because of the bankruptcy. In addition, the bankruptcy court might authorize the customer to reject and terminate its contracts with us. Our claim against the customer for unpaid, future rent and other payments would be subject to a statutory cap that might be substantially less than the remaining amounts actually owed under their agreements with us. In either case, our claim for unpaid rent and other amounts would likely not be paid in full. Our revenue and cash available for distribution could be materially adversely affected if any of our significant customers were to become bankrupt or insolvent, suffer a downturn in their businesses, fail to renew their contracts or renew on terms less favorable to us than their current terms. As of February 9, 2026, we had no material customers in bankruptcy. Failure to attract, grow and retain a diverse and balanced customer base, including key magnet customers, could harm our business and operating results. Our ability to attract, grow and retain a diverse and balanced customer base, consisting of enterprises, cloud service providers, network service providers, and digital economy customers, some of which we consider to be key magnets drawing in other customers, may affect our ability to maximize our revenues. Dense and desirable customer concentrations within a facility enable us to better generate significant interconnection revenues, which in turn increases our overall revenues. Our ability to attract customers to our data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including our product offerings, the presence of carriers, the overall mix of customers, the presence of key customers attracting business through ecosystems, the data center’s operating reliability and security and our ability to effectively market our product offerings. Our inability to develop, provide or effectively execute any of these factors may hinder the development, growth and retention of a diverse and balanced customer base and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 20 Table of Contents ​ Index to Financial Statements ​ Our contracts with our customers could subject us to significant liability. In the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements with our customers pursuant to which we provide data center space, power, environmental controls, physical security and connectivity products to our customers. These contracts typically contain indemnification and liability provisions, in addition to service level commitments, which could potentially impose a significant cost on us in the event of losses arising out of certain breaches of such agreements, services to be provided by us or our subcontractors or from third-party claims. Customers increasingly are looking to pass through their regulatory obligations and other liabilities to their outsourced data center providers and we may not be able to limit our liability or damages in an event of loss suffered by such customers whether as a result of our breach of an agreement or otherwise. Further, liabilities and standards for damages and enforcement actions, including the regulatory framework applicable to different types of losses, vary by jurisdiction, and we may be subject to greater liability for certain losses in certain jurisdictions. Additionally, in connection with our acquisitions, we have assumed existing agreements with customers that may subject us to greater liability for such an event of loss. If such an event of loss occurred, we could be liable for material monetary damages and could incur significant legal fees in defending against such an action, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Certain of our customer agreements may include restrictions on the sale of our properties to certain third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Certain of our customer agreements may prohibit us from selling certain properties to a third party unless specified conditions are met. The existence of such restrictions could hinder our ability to sell one or more of these properties, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our data centers may not be suitable for re-leasing without significant expenditures or renovations. Because many of our data centers contain tenant improvements installed at our customers’ expense, they may be better suited for a specific data center user or technology industry customer and could require significant modification in order for us to re-lease vacant space to another data center user or technology industry customer. The tenant improvements may also become outdated or obsolete as the result of technological change, the passage of time or other factors, including the recent acceleration in AI adoption and rapid advancements in compute, cooling and power technologies, which continue to drive evolving customer requirements, deployment architectures, and buying criteria . In addition, our development space will generally require substantial improvement to be suitable for data center use. For the same reason, our properties also may not be suitable for leasing to traditional office customers without significant expenditures or renovations. As a result, we may be required to invest significant amounts or offer significant discounts to customers in order to lease or re-lease that space, either of which could adversely affect our financial and operating results. We may be unable to lease vacant or development space, renew leases, or re-lease space as leases expire. At December 31, 2025, we owned approximately 9.7 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 4.7 million square feet of space held for future development. We intend to continue to add new space to our development inventory and to continue to develop additional space from this inventory. A portion of the space that we develop has been, and may continue to be, developed on a speculative basis, meaning that we do not have a signed customer agreement for the space when we begin the development process. We also develop space specifically for customers pursuant to agreements signed prior to beginning the development process. In those cases, if we fail to meet our development obligations under those agreements, these customers may be able to terminate the agreements and we would be required to find a new customer for this space. In addition, in certain circumstances we lease data center facilities prior to their completion. If we fail to complete the facilities in a timely manner, the customer may be entitled to terminate its agreement, seek damages or penalties against us or pursue other remedies and we may be required to find a new customer for the space. We cannot assure you that once we have developed space or land we will be able to successfully lease it at all, or at rates we consider favorable or expected at the time we commenced development. Further, once development of a data center facility is complete, we incur certain operating expenses even if there are no customers occupying any space. If we are not able to complete development in a timely manner or successfully lease the space that we develop, if development costs are higher than we currently estimate, or if rental rates are lower than expected when we began the project or are otherwise undesirable, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely 21 Table of Contents ​ Index to Financial Statements ​ affected. In addition, as of December 31, 2025, customer agreements representing 23.3% of the square footage of the properties in our portfolio, excluding month-to-month leases and space held for development, were scheduled to expire through 2027, and an additional 16.8% of the net rentable square footage, excluding space held for development, was available to be leased. Some of this space may require substantial capital investment to meet the power and cooling requirements of our customers, or may no longer be suitable for their needs. In addition, we cannot assure you that customer agreements will be renewed or that our properties will be re-leased at all, or at net effective rental rates equal to or above the current average net effective rental rates. If the rental rates for our properties decrease, our existing customers do not renew their agreements, we do not lease or re-lease our available space, including newly developed space and space for which customer agreements are scheduled to expire, or it takes longer for us to lease or re-lease this space or for rents to commence on this space, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, a customer’s decision to lease space and power in one of our data centers and to purchase additional products typically involves a significant commitment of resources and due diligence on the part of our customers regarding the adequacy of our facilities. As a result, the leasing of data center space can have a long sales cycle, and we may expend significant time and resources in pursuing a particular transaction that may not result in revenue. Economic conditions, including market downturns, may further impact this long sales cycle by making it difficult for customers to plan future business activities, which could cause customers to slow spending or delay decision-making. Our inability to adequately manage the risks associated with the sales cycle may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if we have additional space available for lease at any one of our data centers, our ability to lease this space to existing or new customers could be constrained by our ability to provide sufficient electrical power. As current and future customers increase their power footprint in our data centers over time, the corresponding reduction in available power could limit our ability to increase occupancy rates or network density within our existing data centers. Furthermore, at certain of our data centers, our aggregate maximum contractual obligation to provide power and cooling to our customers may exceed the physical capacity at such data centers if customers were to quickly increase their demand for power and cooling. If we are not able to increase the available power and/or cooling or move the customer to another location within our data centers with sufficient power and cooling to meet such demand, we could lose the customer as well as be exposed to liability under our customer agreements. In addition, our power and cooling systems are difficult and expensive to upgrade or expand, especially as we design our data centers to the specifications of new and evolving technologies, such as AI, which are more power-intensive. Accordingly, we may not be able to efficiently upgrade or change these systems to meet new demands without incurring significant costs that we may not be able to pass on to our customers. Any such material loss of customers, liability or additional costs could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 22 Table of Contents ​ Index to Financial Statements ​ ​ Our portfolio depends upon local economic conditions and is geographically concentrated in certain locations. Our portfolio is located in over 50 metropolitan areas. As of December 31, 2025, our portfolio, including the 89 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated entities, was geographically concentrated in the following metropolitan areas: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Percentage of ​ ​ December 31, 2025 Metropolitan Area ​ Total annualized rent (1) Northern Virginia 21.4 % Chicago 7.1 % Frankfurt 6.1 % London 4.5 % Singapore 4.5 % Dallas 4.3 % Paris ​ 4.1 % Amsterdam 4.1 % New York 4.0 % Sao Paulo 3.8 % Johannesburg 3.5 % Silicon Valley 3.5 % Portland 3.0 % Tokyo 2.3 % Zurich ​ 1.7 % Other 22.1 % Total 100.0 % (1) Annualized rent is monthly contractual rent (defined as cash base rent before abatements) under existing leases as of December 31, 2025 multiplied by 12. Includes consolidated portfolio and unconsolidated entities at the entities’ 100% ownership level. The aggregate amount of abatements for the year ended December 31, 2025 was approximately $35.6 million. Some of these areas have experienced downturns in recent years. We depend upon the local economic conditions in these areas, including local real estate conditions, and our operations, revenue and cash available for distribution could be materially adversely affected by a downturn in local economic conditions in these areas. Our operations may also be affected if too many competing properties are built in any of these areas or supply otherwise increases or exceeds demand. We cannot assure you that these locations will grow or will remain favorable to data center investments or operations. In addition, we are currently developing data centers in certain of these metropolitan areas. Any negative changes in real estate, technology or economic conditions in these metropolitan areas in particular could negatively impact our performance. Our business and operations, and our customers, suppliers and business partners may be adversely affected by epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks. 23 Table of Contents ​ Index to Financial Statements ​ Epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of an illness, disease or virus that affect countries or regions in which we or our customers, suppliers or business partners operate, and actions taken to contain or prevent their further spread, may have a material and adverse impact on general commercial activity and on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and creditworthiness. Epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of an illness, disease or virus could result in significant governmental measures being implemented to control the spread of such illness, disease or virus, including quarantines, travel restrictions, manufacturing restrictions, declarations of states of emergency, business shutdowns, prioritization and allocation of resources, and restrictions on the movement of our employees and those of our customers, suppliers and business partners on which we rely, which could adversely affect our ability and their respective abilities to adequately manage our respective businesses. Risks related to epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of an illness, disease or virus could also lead to the complete or partial closure of one or more of our offices or properties or our customers’, suppliers’ or business partners’ businesses, or otherwise result in significant disruptions to our business and operations or theirs. Such events could materially and adversely impact our operations and the rental revenue we generate from our agreements with our customers or could result in defaults by our customers. We cannot predict the full extent of the impact that the epidemics, pandemics and other global events will have on our customers, suppliers and other business partners; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us, our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The full extent to which epidemics, pandemics and the various responses to such events impact our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including: the duration and scope of such event; governmental, business and individuals’ actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to such event; the availability of and cost to access the capital markets; the effect on our customers and customer demand for and ability to pay for our services; the impact on our development projects; and disruptions or restrictions on our employees’ ability to work and travel. We lease or sublease certain of our data center space from third parties and the ability to retain these leases or subleases could be a significant risk to our ongoing operations. We do not own all the buildings in our portfolio. These leased buildings accounted for approximately 14% of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025. In addition, we may acquire additional leased data center space or businesses that lease facilities instead of owning them. Our business could be harmed if we are unable to renew the leases for these data centers on favorable terms or at all. Additionally, in several of our smaller facilities we sublease our space, and our rights under these subleases are dependent on our sublandlord retaining its rights under the prime lease. When the initial terms of our existing leases expire, we generally have the right to extend the terms of our leases for one or more renewal periods, subject to, in the case of several of our subleases, our sublandlord renewing its term under the prime lease. If renewal rates are less favorable than those we currently have, we may be required to increase revenues within existing data centers to offset such increase in lease payments. Failure to increase revenues to sufficiently offset these projected higher costs could adversely impact our operating income. Upon the end of our renewal options, we would have to r
[...TRUNCATED...]