TICKER=DLTR|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/DLTR_2026-03-16.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors.” Changes in economic conditions or consumer spending habits could impact our sales or profitability. A deterioration in economic conditions could reduce consumer spending or cause customers to shift their spending to products we either do not sell or do not sell as profitably. Adverse economic conditions such as a recession could disrupt consumer spending and significantly reduce our sales, decrease our inventory turnover, cause greater markdowns, or reduce our profitability due to lower margins. Other factors that could result in or exacerbate adverse economic conditions include inflation, higher unemployment, mortgage and interest rates, consumer debt levels, trade disputes, as well as adverse climate or weather conditions, worsening or new epidemics, terrorism, or international tensions, including armed conflict and economic sanctions. We believe that these macroeconomic factors, including inflationary pressures and higher interest rates, negatively affect our customers and impact our sales. Furthermore, factors that could adversely affect consumer disposable income could decrease our customers’ spending on products we sell most profitably. Over the past several years, we have experienced a shift in consumer purchasing from higher-margin discretionary merchandise to lower-margin consumable goods. Factors that could reduce our customers’ disposable income and over which we exercise no influence include inflation in food, housing, fuel or other energy costs, increased unemployment, increases in mortgage and interest rates, lack of available credit, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws, increasing healthcare costs, and changes in government subsidies such as unemployment and food assistance programs, including the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (“SNAP”). If consumer spending on the goods we sell declines as a result, there could be a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Many of the factors identified above that affect disposable income, as well as our cost of goods sold and our selling, general and administrative expenses, also affect our ability to implement our corporate strategy effectively and may have other adverse consequences which we are unable to fully anticipate or control, all of which may adversely affect our sales or profitability. We have limited or no ability to control many of these factors. We face significant pressure from competitors which may reduce our sales and profits. The retail industry is highly competitive with respect to price, customers, store locations, merchandise quality, product assortment, service offerings, customer service, shopping experience, product sourcing, labor, and market share. The marketplace is highly fragmented as many different retailers compete for market share by utilizing a variety of sales channels, store formats and merchandising strategies, including mobile and online shopping. Our ability to successfully differentiate ourselves depends on many competitive factors, including customer perceptions regarding our shopping experience, the safety and cleanliness of our stores, our ability to offer attractive products at affordable prices, and our in-stock levels. Further, to remain competitive, we may be required to change our product offerings or lower our prices, but our ability to do so may be limited or delayed with the result that we could see lower traffic or sales or reduced profitability. We expect competition to increase in the future. There are no significant economic barriers for others to enter our retail sector. We compete with discount stores and many other retailers, including mass merchandise, warehouse club, grocery, drug, convenience, variety, online retailers, and certain specialty stores. Some of our current or potential competitors have greater financial, distribution, marketing and other resources than we do. In addition, the substantial growth in e-commerce and expanded availability of mobile, web-based and other digital technologies has encouraged the entry of many new competitors, new business models, and an increase in competition from established companies looking for ways to create convenient and competitive online or mobile shopping alternatives. While we have partnered with online personal shopping providers like Instacart and UberEats, some of our current and potential competitors have more significant online and mobile shopping platforms or other advances in technologies and capabilities (including artificial intelligence) than we currently do. We cannot guarantee that we will continue to be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors, and we believe that doing so may require substantial capital expenditures, for example in technology. Our ability to effectively compete will depend upon our ability to successfully develop and execute on our strategic initiatives and to anticipate or respond effectively to competitive pressures, industry changes that may include mergers and acquisitions, technological advancements and changing customer preferences and shopping habits. If we fail to do so, it could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Please see “ Item 1. Business ” for further discussion of the effect of competition on our operations. Our business is seasonal, and adverse events during the fourth quarter could materially affect our full-year financial results. Our highest sales periods are during the Christmas and Easter seasons, and we generally realize a disproportionate amount of our net sales and our operating and net income during the fourth quarter. In anticipation, we stock extra inventory and hire many temporary employees to prepare our stores and help ship product from our distribution centers. Lead times for seasonal product purchases are longer and could result in inventory markdowns if sales do not meet expectations. Adverse events such as inclement 14 Table of Contents weather or unfavorable economic conditions during the fourth quarter could cause a reduction in sales during these periods, which in turn could adversely affect our operating results, particularly operating and net income, to a greater extent than if a reduction occurred at other times of the year. Untimely merchandise delays due to receiving or distribution problems could have a similar effect. When Easter is observed earlier in the year, the selling season is shorter and, as a result, our sales could be adversely affected. Easter was observed on April 20, 2025, and will be observed on April 5, 2026. Failure to protect our inventory or other assets from loss and theft may impact our financial results. Risk of loss or theft of assets, including inventory shrinkage, is inherent in the retail business and has recently reached historically high rates. We have incurred increased costs, and could continue to incur increased costs, as we make investments in technology and personnel in an attempt to mitigate these risks. Despite our efforts, loss may be caused by error or misconduct of associates, customers, vendors or other third parties including through organized retail crime and professional theft, and may be further impacted by macroeconomic factors, including the enforcement environment, or may be the result of damage or destruction of our inventory by natural disasters. We have experienced charges in the past, and our inability to cost-effectively prevent and/or minimize the loss or theft of assets, or to accurately predict and accrue for the impact of those losses, could adversely affect our operating results. We may stop selling or recall certain products for safety-related or other issues. We may stop selling or recall certain products, including our private label brands and imported products, for safety-related or other issues, including product contamination, product content, improper manufacturing or distribution processes, improper testing, product mislabeling or product tampering. We may also stop selling or recall products if the products, the operations of our suppliers, or our operations violate applicable laws or regulations, including food, drug and cosmetic safety laws, or raise potential health and safety-related issues, including improper storage, product mishandling, contamination or other adulteration, or when products or their contents could cause injury, illness or death. Any recall may require significant management attention, and we could experience significant costs, lost sales, compliance or enforcement actions by governmental authorities which could result in fines or other penalties, and/or product liability legal claims and consumer lawsuits. Recalls may also subject us to public claims of false or deceptive advertising and other criticism. A significant product liability or other legal judgment against us, a regulatory enforcement action or a product recall could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and/or results of operations. Additionally, any product recall may lead to increased scrutiny of our operations by regulatory agencies, requiring further management attention and potential legal fees and other expenses. We could experience a decline in consumer confidence and spending because of concerns about the quality and safety of our products or our brand standards. We could experience a decline in consumer confidence and spending if our customers become concerned about the quality and safety of the products we sell. Our privately sourced and control brand items are an important component of our product mix and our sales and profitability growth plans. Broad market acceptance of our private brands depends on many factors, including pricing, quality, customer perception, and timely development and introduction of new products. The sale and expansion of these offerings also subjects us to or increases certain risks, such as: product liability claims and product recalls; disruptions in raw material and finished product supply and distribution chains; supplier labor and human rights issues, and other risks generally encountered by entities that source, sell and market exclusive branded offerings for retail. Failure to appropriately address these risks could materially and adversely affect our private brand initiatives, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. We have risks related to the security of our facilities including risks of personal injury to customers or associates. We operate stores and other facilities in locations subject to a risk for crimes of break-ins, theft, property damage, and interpersonal violence, which may include an active shooter or mass casualty/damage event. While we have instituted programs aimed at reducing these risks, particularly of workplace violence, no security or safety program is 100% effective, and there is a risk that they will not prevent the occurrences of such crimes or related harms. Any such incidents of violence could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, associate relations or customer reputation. Our business could be adversely affected if we fail to manage our organizational talent and capacity, including attracting and retaining qualified associates and key personnel. Our growth and performance are dependent on the skills, experience and contributions of our associates, executives and key personnel. At our stores and distribution centers, we must recruit, develop, train, and retain qualified associates in relatively large numbers, while also working to decrease turnover in these positions. Our ability to meet labor needs while controlling costs is subject to many external factors, including competition for and availability of qualified personnel, unemployment levels, wage rates and salary levels (including the heightened possibility of increased federal, state and/or local minimum wage rates/salary levels), health and other insurance costs, changes in employment and labor laws or other workplace regulations (including those relating to employee benefit programs such as health insurance and paid leave programs), labor activism, associate safety issues, associate expectations and productivity, and our reputation and relevance within the labor market. If we are unable to attract, develop and retain adequate 15 Table of Contents numbers of qualified associates, our operations, customer service levels, legal and regulatory compliance, and support functions could suffer. Further, our stores are typically staffed with relatively few associates, which increases our exposure to the foregoing risks. In addition, to the extent a significant portion of our associate base unionizes, or attempts to unionize, our labor and other related costs could increase. The potential financial impact of union organization is further compounded by the possibility of federal agencies adopting or imposing changes to existing labor law that could facilitate union organizing. We currently do not have any employees represented by unions. Our ability to pass along labor and other related costs to our customers is constrained by our pricing model, and we may not be able to offset such increased costs elsewhere in our business. Successful execution of our plans and strategies also depends on the efforts of key management personnel. The labor market for these executives and other key personnel is nationwide in scope and intensely competitive. The loss of such personnel, or the inability to hire, train, motivate and retain them, or to manage changes to our organizational structure and capacity, could, at least temporarily, have an adverse effect on the company’s operating results and financial condition. In addition, failure to develop an adequate succession plan for senior positions could reduce our organizational capabilities and competitive advantage during a transition. We recently have experienced turnover in senior positions, which, in addition to organizational changes related to our sale of the Family Dollar business, can disrupt progress in implementing business strategies, result in a loss of institutional knowledge, cause greater workload demands for remaining team members and divert attention away from key areas of the business, or otherwise negatively impact the company’s growth prospects or future operating results. We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, which creates additional risk. Due to the scale and scope of our business, we must rely on relationships with third parties, including our suppliers, distributors, landlords, contractors, and external business partners. If we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships and the agreements under which our third-party partners operate, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted. Further, failure of these third parties to meet their obligations to the company or substantial disruptions in the relationships between the company and these third parties could adversely impact our operations and financial results. Additionally, while we have policies and procedures for managing these relationships, they inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, governance and compliance, thereby potentially increasing our financial, legal, reputational and operational risk. Risks Relating to Our Strategic Initiatives We may not be successful in executing important strategic initiatives, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. We continue to execute on a number of strategic initiatives to accelerate profitable growth for Dollar Tree as a standalone banner following the sale of Family Dollar. During 2025, we outlined our strategic plan designed to reinforce our core brand promise—value, convenience, and discovery—while improving operating leverage and returns over time. Those initiatives include, among others: • Expanding and refining our multi-price assortment to deliver a broader, more relevant offering while preserving the foundational value proposition of Dollar Tree; • Managing costs with agility, including our strategies to mitigate tariffs and inflationary pressures, manage operating expenses, and reduce corporate SG&A as a percentage of sales; • Continuing new store growth, as well as improving store standards and operational consistency through refresh and renovation programs, shelf productivity optimization, and initiatives to elevate store execution and cleanliness; • Expanding and modernizing our distribution network, enhancing warehouse management systems, and improving our transportation systems; and • Modernizing our technology platform, replacing legacy systems, and enhancing our mobile app, human capital management systems, supply chain platforms, and data analytics capabilities. We may not be successful in executing or achieving the anticipated benefits of these important strategic initiatives, which may not result in the desired growth or impacts on our traffic and basket size, sales, operating leverage, costs, profitability or other results. The implementation, timing and results of these complex strategic initiatives are subject to various risks and uncertainties, which may require that we make significant estimates and assumptions in our planning. The success of these initiatives depends, among other things, on our ability to execute and scale these initiatives consistently across a large, geographically diverse store and distribution footprint and, ultimately, customer receptiveness and acceptance. If our initiatives, including our expanded multi-price offerings, do not appeal to our customers, or if we are unable to consistently meet our brand execution promises in a cost-effective manner, we may experience a loss of customer confidence or lost sales, which could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. These initiatives also place significant demands on our accounting, financial, information technology, and other systems, and on our business overall. We are dependent on our management’s ability to oversee these initiatives effectively and implement them 16 Table of Contents successfully. If our estimates and assumptions about our initiatives are incorrect, or if we miscalculate or misalign the resources or time we need to complete them or fail to execute on them effectively, our pursuit of these initiatives may increase our costs and reduce our margins and profitability. To be effective, our strategies have and will continue to require significant investment in cross-functional operations and management focus, along with supporting investments. Our strategies include managing operating expenses and reducing corporate SG&A as a percentage of sales, while also implementing other initiatives to invest in our business. We may incur implementation or other costs associated with these initiatives before the benefits from those efforts can materialize. If we are unable to attract and retain employees or contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support our efforts, or implement our strategic initiatives and improvements to systems in a timely and cost-effective manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. A failure to properly execute our plans and business strategies, delays in executing our plans and business strategies, increased costs associated with executing on our plans and business strategies, or failure to identify alternative strategies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. We may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the sale of the Family Dollar business. Following the sale of the Family Dollar business, our operational and financial profile changed significantly, with the Dollar Tree banner comprising substantially all of our retail operations. Accordingly, our company following the sale is smaller and less diversified, such that our results of operations, cash flows, working capital, and financing requirements may be subject to increased volatility and vulnerability to changing market conditions. The sale of our Family Dollar business and other recent strategic initiatives have also entailed significant changes across our organizational structure, senior leadership, culture, functional alignment, outsourcing and other areas. These changes have been and could continue to be disruptive to our business operations. Further, there can also be no assurance that unbudgeted or stranded costs or dis-synergies of the Family Dollar sale will not exceed our expectations or the anticipated benefits of the transaction. In addition, we agreed to indemnify the purchaser for losses arising from certain liabilities of the Family Dollar business arising before the sale. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We also have continuing obligations to Family Dollar pursuant to transition services or other agreements through which we continue to provide certain services to Family Dollar for 18 months following the date of sale. This has required, and could continue to require, significant management and operational resources which could reduce our ability to fully realize cost savings and efficiency initiatives that we would otherwise be able to implement. While we are receiving payment for the transition services that we provide, we may not be able to recoup all of the underlying costs. We could incur losses due to impairment of goodwill and other long-lived assets. Under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, we review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever economic events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Identifiable intangible assets with an indefinite useful life, such as goodwill, are not amortized but are evaluated annually for impairment. An evaluation is also performed if events or circumstances indicate that impairment could have occurred. Should we experience business challenges or significant negative industry or general economic trends, we could recognize impairments to our goodwill and other long-lived assets. We monitor key assumptions and other factors utilized in our impairment analysis, and if business or other market conditions develop that are materially different than we currently anticipate, we will conduct an additional impairment evaluation. Any reduction in or impairment of assets will result in a charge against earnings, which could have a material adverse impact on our reported results of operations and financial condition. We make estimates and assumptions in connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, and any changes to those estimates and assumptions could adversely affect our results of operations. In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Please refer to “ Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions ” in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Our estimates are often based on complex judgments, probabilities and assumptions that management believes to be reasonable, but that are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and subject to changing conditions and other factors beyond our control. Accordingly, actual results could be significantly different from these estimates. For example, our liabilities related to our self-insurance programs, which include general liability claims, are estimates that require judgment and the use of assumptions. As a result of unfavorable developments due to the rising costs to reimburse, settle, or litigate claims related to customer accidents and other incidents at our stores, our actuarially determined liabilities were increased during 2024 and 2025, contributing to increases in our general liability claim expenses of $20.4 million and $33.6 million, 17 Table of Contents respectively, compared to the prior year. Should these or any other estimates and assumptions change, it could adversely affect our results of operations. Cybersecurity and Technology Risks For additional discussion of the company’s cybersecurity posture, including risk management and governance, please see “ Item 1C. Cybersecurity .” We rely on computer and technology systems in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, or interruption of those systems, including because of a cyberattack, could harm our ability to effectively operate and grow our business and could adversely affect our financial results. We rely extensively on our computer and technology systems and, in certain cases, those of third-party service providers to support nearly all key functions in our business, including managing inventory, operating our stores, processing credit card and customer transactions, managing our customer and associate relationships and summarizing results. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the distribution and sale of our merchandise depends significantly on the capabilities, confidentiality, integrity and availability of these systems and on our ability to successfully acquire and integrate upgraded or replacement systems as needed to support our business requirements and strategic initiatives. We also rely on third-party providers and platforms for many of these computer and technology systems and support. Although we have operational safeguards in place, they may not be effective in preventing the failure of these systems or platforms to operate effectively and be available to us. This may be as the result of deliberate breach in the security of these systems or platforms by bad actors, including through malicious software, ransomware and other cyberattacks, which may originate from state actors and may increase during times of international tensions. Such incidents have occurred, including with respect to our third-party vendors, although without material impact to date. Failures may also be caused by various other factors, including power outages, catastrophic events, physical theft, computer and network failures, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, obsolescence or failure of vendor support, flaws in third-party software or services, errors or improper use by our employees or third-party service providers. To support the growth of our business, we are making substantial investments in our information technology systems, including updating or replacing legacy systems. Certain of our existing infrastructure is comprised of complex legacy technologies with limited flexibility, inconsistencies, manual workarounds and other inefficiencies. These systems require time and investment to upgrade without material disruptions to our business. Further, transitioning to these new or upgraded processes and systems requires significant capital investments and personnel resources. Implementation is also highly dependent on the coordination of numerous associates, contractors and software and system providers. While these efforts have resulted in improvements to our operational systems, we expect to continue to incur expenses to implement additional improvements and upgrades to our systems. Many of these expenditures have been and may continue to be incurred in advance of the realization of any direct benefits to our business. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful at improving our operational systems, or that our efforts will result in the anticipated benefits to us. We may also experience difficulties in implementing or operating our new or upgraded operational or technology systems, including, but not limited to, ineffective or inefficient operations, significant system failures, system outages, delayed implementation and loss of system availability, which could lead to increased implementation and/or operational costs, loss or corruption of data, delayed shipments, excess inventory and interruptions of operations resulting in lost sales and/or profits. If our information technology systems, upgrades and associated change management are not adequate to support our business and our strategic initiatives, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, and our business may become less competitive. The potential unauthorized access to our systems could disrupt operations or lead to the theft of data which may violate privacy laws and could damage our business reputation, subject us to negative publicity, litigation and costs, and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Many of our information technology systems, such as those we use for our point-of-sale, web and mobile platforms, including online and mobile payment systems, and for administrative functions, including human resources, payroll, benefits, accounting, and internal and external communications, contain personal, financial, health-related or other confidential information that is entrusted to us by our customers and associates as well as proprietary and other confidential information related to our business and suppliers. We are exposed to persistent and substantial risks from cybersecurity threats, as the number of cyberattacks targeting retailers and corporate networks grows, and the volume, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks, intrusions and threats from around the world increase daily. The continued evolution and increased usage of artificial intelligence technologies may further increase these risks. Both we and our vendors have experienced data security incidents; however, to date, these incidents have not been material to our results of operations. The security measures that we and/or our third-party partners put in place cannot provide absolute security to prevent harm to our systems or safeguard our customers’ personal information (including debit and credit card information), our associates’ private data, suppliers’ data, and our business records and intellectual property and other sensitive information. 18 Table of Contents Cybercriminals, who may include well-funded state actors or organized criminal groups, are rapidly evolving their cyberattack techniques and tactics, which are becoming increasingly more sophisticated and challenging to detect. We and/or our third-party vendors may be vulnerable to and unable to anticipate, detect, and appropriately respond to cybersecurity attacks, including data security breaches and data loss. We are also subject to laws and regulations in various jurisdictions in which we operate regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data of customers, associates, or others. These laws permit regulators to assess potentially significant fines for data privacy violations and may create a right for individuals to bring class action suits seeking damages for violations. Our efforts to comply with consumer privacy laws and other similar privacy and data protection laws may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time, and we could incur substantial penalties or be subject to litigation related to violation of existing or future data privacy laws and regulations. Likewise, we are subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (“PCI-DSS”) which is mandated by the card brands and administered through the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council. As a Level 1 Merchant, we are subject to assessment and attestation for PCI-DSS compliance on an annual basis. A failure to meet and maintain compliance with PCI-DSS requirements could result in our inability to continue to accept credit cards as a form of payment, which would materially impact our ability to sell our products. In addition, our credibility and reputation within the business community and with our customers may be affected, which could result in our customers discontinuing the use of debit or credit cards in our stores or not shopping in our stores altogether. Non-compliance with PCI-DSS requirements also may subject us to recurring and accumulating fines until compliance is achieved. Considerable investments to strengthen our information security could also be required should we ever be deemed to be non-compliant. We are currently in compliance with the PCI-DSS standards. Moreover, significant additional capital investments and other expenditures could also be required to continue to strengthen our overall cybersecurity posture and prevent future security breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and services (e.g., notification and credit-monitoring services) for those whose data has been breached. These costs, which could be material, could adversely impact our results of operations in the period in which they are incurred and may not meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our information technology systems. The unavailability of information technology systems on which we rely or the failure of those systems or software to perform as required to support our business needs for any reason and any inability to respond to, or recover from, such events, could disrupt our business, decrease performance, and increase overhead costs. If we, our vendors, or other third parties with whom we do business experience significant data security incidents or fail to detect and appropriately respond to significant incidents, we could be subject to negative publicity, costly government enforcement actions or private litigation and increased costs. In addition, our customers could lose confidence in our ability to protect their information, stop using our applications or other programs, or stop shopping with us altogether. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition. We use, and may over time increase the usage of, artificial intelligence and machine learning in our business, and challenges with properly managing its use could adversely affect our business. We utilize artificial intelligence-enabled technologies in our business, and advancements in technology may allow us to expand the use or applications of artificial intelligence, including generative artificial intelligence, into key operational and/or administrative aspects of our business in the future. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate artificial intelligence into their businesses more quickly or more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, if the types of information that artificial intelligence applications assist in producing are or are alleged to be deficient, inaccurate, or biased, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore, generative artificial intelligence presents emerging ethical issues and could negatively impact our customers and associates. If our use of generative artificial intelligence becomes controversial or is inaccurate or ineffective, our reputation and competitive position could be adversely affected. The rapid evolution of artificial intelligence, including potential government regulation of artificial intelligence, may require significant resources to develop, test and maintain our implementations of artificial intelligence. Legal and Regulatory Risks and Related Considerations Legal proceedings may adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations or financial condition. Our business is subject to the risk of litigation and other proceedings involving associates, consumers, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies, or others through private actions, class actions, derivative actions, governmental investigations, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions, arbitrations or other similar actions. In addition, our operations and/or the products we sell are subject to regulatory oversight by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, states’ attorneys-general, and other federal, state, local and applicable foreign governmental authorities. Where such authorities believe that we have 19 Table of Contents failed to comply with applicable regulations and/or procedures, they may require prompt corrective action, and/or proceed directly to other forms of enforcement action, including the imposition of operating restrictions, including a ceasing of operations in one or more facilities, enjoining and restraining certain violations of applicable law pertaining to products, seizure of products, assessing civil or criminal sanctions or penalties, and requiring enhancements to our compliance programs or reporting requirements. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively selling our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Our products could also cause illness or injury, harm our reputation, and subject us to litigation. Product liability, personal injury, consumer protection or other claims may be asserted against us relating to product adulteration, product tampering, mislabeling, recall and other safety issues with respect to the products that we sell, or with respect to our handling or storage of such products. Recent such matters have led to increased scrutiny of our operations by regulatory agencies, requiring further management attention and potential legal fees and other expenses. A significant product liability, consumer fraud, or other legal judgment against us, a related regulatory compliance or enforcement action or a product recall could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and/or results of operations. Moreover, even if a product liability, consumer fraud or other claim is unsuccessful, has no merit or is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against the products we sell could materially and adversely affect our reputation. We seek but may not be successful in obtaining contractual indemnification from our vendors, where appropriate, or insurance coverage, and if we do not have adequate contractual indemnification or insurance available, such claims could adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Our ability to obtain the benefit of contractual indemnification from vendors may be hindered by our ability to enforce contractual indemnification obligations against such vendors, for example because the vendors are overseas or lack financial resources. Our litigation-related expenses could increase as well, which also could have a materially negative impact on our financial condition and/or results of operations even if a claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued. The outcome of such matters is often difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits or proceedings may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In addition, certain of these matters, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in an expense that may be material to our consolidated financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations are required. If we experienced a material loss arising from these matters, we could also become subject to shareholder derivative suits and securities litigation. The cost to defend current and future litigation or proceedings, including arbitrations, may be significant. There also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation, including litigation related to product or food safety, customer information and environmental or safety requirements, which could negatively affect customer perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable. For a discussion of current legal matters, please see “ Item 3. Legal Proceedings ” and Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements under the caption “Contingencies.” Our failure to comply with applicable law, or to adequately respond to changes to such laws, could increase our expenses, expose us to legal risks or otherwise adversely affect us. We operate in an increasingly regulated environment across a large and diverse geographic footprint, and we devote substantial resources to ensure effective compliance with numerous and frequently changing laws and regulations. The complexity of this regulatory environment and related compliance costs continue to increase due to additional legal and regulatory requirements, our expanding operations, new strategic initiatives, and increased regulatory scrutiny and enforcement efforts. For example, our continued expansion of multi-price product assortments and retail price changes, in addition to increased scrutiny of retailers by local, state and federal agencies, has resulted in increased regulatory and legal risks regarding pricing and price clarity. New or revised laws, regulations, orders, policies and related interpretations and enforcement practices, including product and food safety, marketing, labeling or pricing; information security and privacy; artificial intelligence; labor and employment; employee wages and benefits; health and workplace safety (including Occupational Safety and Health Administration rules); imports and customs; taxes; anti-bribery; sustainability; and environmental compliance, may significantly increase our expenses or require extensive system and operating changes that could materially increase our cost of doing business. If our programs do not adequately anticipate regulatory expectations or requirements, or if we fail to appropriately design and maintain an effective enterprise compliance program and system of controls to prevent and detect non-compliance, including implementing and communicating a strong culture of compliance, there is a possibility any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations would subject us to enhanced legal risks and adverse outcomes. Violations of applicable laws and regulations or untimely or incomplete execution of a required product recall can result in significant penalties (including loss of licenses, eligibility to accept certain government benefits such as SNAP or significant fines), class action or other litigation, governmental investigation or action and reputational damage. The failure to properly manage our overall compliance program and fully comply with our obligations could adversely affect our ability to conduct business, result in significant fines and other penalties, damage our brand and reputation, and negatively impact our financial position and results of operations. 20 Table of Contents New laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business. For example, various municipalities have begun regulating the placement or proximity of our stores or may place requirements on labor relations or the types of products we sell. In addition, the adoption by certain jurisdictions of new or expanded environmental laws and regulations could significantly increase our operating or merchandise costs or reduce the demand for our products. These laws and regulations may include, but are not limited to, requirements relating to hazardous waste materials, recycling, single-use plastics, so-called “chemicals of concern,” extended producer responsibility, use of refrigerants, carbon pricing or carbon taxes, product energy efficiency, animal welfare standards and product labeling. In addition, significant changes in laws or regulations that impact our relationship with our workforce, in areas such as wage and hour, health care, scheduling and leave, labor relations or workplace safety, could increase our expenses and adversely affect our operations. An increase in federal corporate tax rates also could adversely affect our profitability. Changes in other regulatory areas, such as consumer credit, privacy and information security, product and food safety, energy or environmental protection, international labor protections, and tariff and other trade restrictions, among others, could cause our expenses to increase or result in product recalls. Our business is subject to evolving disclosure requirements and expectations with respect to social, environmental, and si
[...TRUNCATED...]