TICKER=DOC.VI|YEAR=2023|CAT=eu|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat3-european/DOC.VI/annual-text/2023.txt
risk management as a crucial instrument for managing the Company. These
efforts ensure the continued existence of the business while creating opportunities to improve
the Company’s assets, financial and earnings position by enhancing future potential for growth
and profits. The risk management enables the Company to respond to any changes in basic
conditions and to any resulting opportunities and risks.
DO & CO manages risk management through a disciplined and continuous process of risk
identification, assessment, control and mitigation. This is done by regular cooperation with the
Management Board to ensure that business cycles and market changes are reasonably taken
into account.
Along with business planning, organisation, cost controls and budgeting, this process
guarantees that DO & CO is aware of possible or expected events and prepared to face these
events, by taking a proactive approach to risk management.
The applied risk and opportunity management system is based on standardised, group-wide
planning and control processes laid down in the risk and opportunity policy and on intercompany guidelines and reporting systems that adhere to the principles of risk management
and risk structures according to COSO (Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission).
DO & CO uses a risk management model and approach which assesses risks and opportunities
from a company-wide and strategic perspective. DO & CO identifies, assesses, evaluates and
mitigates business risks including airline-specific risks, employees, hygiene, procurement,
legal, finances, Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG), information technology as well
as other relevant aspects.
29

Risk and opportunity management is considered a core management task and an integral part
of all business processes. Therefore, the Group can quickly identify both risks and
opportunities. Internal reporting is done on an ongoing basis, and all decision-makers are
involved in risk management. Identified risks and opportunities are grouped into risk and
opportunity categories and assigned to the managers according to the corresponding
responsibilities. Strategies for coping with the identified risks or utilising the identified
opportunities are then defined and subsequently pursued on site by local management.
In line with risk appetite, appropriate reactions are defined for each risk. This encompasses
risk prevention, risk mitigation through specific appropriate measures and plans or risk
acceptance.
Diversification plays a significant role in this process. The Group conducts business in 12
countries worldwide in three divisions, thus alleviating the overall potential impact of specific
threats in individual markets. In other words, the very business model of DO & CO itself
provides additional mechanisms to compensate for risks.
Further expansion and diversification of DO & CO regarding the customer portfolio and markets
help to correspondingly reduce the concentration risk.
Risk management activities are supported by a multitude of regulations and activities,
including those of the Central Administration, Controlling, Legal Compliance and Internal
Auditing departments. The close cooperation with insurers ensures that proper coverage is
provided for those risks that are insurable.
In particular, the following risk categories were identified as material for the business year
2023/2024:
War in Ukraine
As revenue generated in Ukraine only makes up less than 0.01% of the Group’s overall
revenue, the almost complete shut-down does not have any great negative impact at Group
level. DO & CO is expecting that no more impairments of assets will be necessary after the
impairment in the business year 2021/2022.
Procurement risks
By processing food, DO & CO is exposed to some risk in procuring the requisite raw materials.
Climate events, logistical issues, and other events, such as political or economic crises may
lead to disruption in the supply chain and restrictions in the supply of such raw materials.
Shortage of raw materials, supply chain disruption due to restrictions in production and
logistics, failure to transport as well as inflation may also result in price increases which cannot
always be passed on to customers in full. These negative effects can, however, be partially
cushioned through previously agreed fixed price contracts.
Prices for raw material fell in the business year 2023/2024, however, more slowly and not as
low as expected. Especially prices for energy and electricity remained on a high level, bearing a
risk for further disruptions. Also, the oil price which has increased by 25% since June due to
the reduction of funding by OPEC+ together with supply bottle necks for wheat from Ukraine
may continue to drive prices. Increased wage costs and the general labour shortage also drive
raw material prices. In 2023, food prices fell back to the level of 2021 as measured by the
FAO’s (Food and Agriculture Organization) Food Price Index.
30

Through long-term delivery contracts, supplier diversification and permanent monitoring of the
markets, DO & CO seeks to make sure that the raw materials required by the Company are
always available at the highest possible quality standards and at competitive prices.
Turkey, in particular, continues to report a significant increase in the inflation rate. Inflation
amounted to 64.8% in 2023 and will decline to only 36% by the end of 2024 according to the
Turkish Central Bank. Based on this development, Türkiye is to be classified as a
hyperinflationary country, which in turn impacts the Group’s assets and liabilities, financial
situation and results of operations (for further information, please see the financial report). For
detailed information, please refer to the respective disclosures in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements under Section 3. Financial reporting in hyperinflationary economies.
Liquidity risks
Currently existing liquidity needs can be covered using available funds and credit facilities
granted by the banks.
In the fourth quarter of the business year 2019/2020, DO & CO raised additional liquidity by
means of unsecured loans in the amount of € 300m. Financial covenants are annually tested
based on the assessed net debt to EBITDA ratio for the respective business year. If the net
debt to EBITDA ratio is higher or equal to 5.5, there is a risk that the three Austrian banks will
declare the loans due, thus withdrawing liquidity from the Group. Management does not expect
any risk of early cancellation until maturity of the loan based on the current gearing ratio (net
debt to EBITDA) in the amount of 1.07.
Close cooperation between our business units, controlling and our treasury team ensures that
the impact on liquidity is understood, quantified and managed in a timely and appropriate
manner.
Currently existing liquidity needs can be covered using available funds and credit facilities
granted by the banks.
Interest risks
DO & CO’s financial portfolio contains fixed-interest as well as variable-interest liabilities.
Fixed-interest liabilities carry the risk of negative adjustments of market values caused by a
decrease in interest rate levels. Variable-interest liabilities carry the risk of a negative impact
on cash flow and liquidity portfolio outflows, caused by an increase in interest rate levels. For
the most part, DO & CO uses fixed-rate financing or switched from variable interest to fixed
interest by using derivative instruments. For detailed information, please refer to the
respective disclosures in the notes to the consolidated financial statements under Section 10.3.
Additional disclosures on financial instruments, subsection Hedge accounting.
In view of the high amount of cash and cash equivalents in the DO & CO Group, the latest
interest rate developments have had positive effects on the interest result. However, these
positive interest rate developments are often only passed on to customers with a delay. To
avoid this, the DO & CO Group is actively managing its liquidity within the banking landscape
by taking into account the counterparty risk in order to achieve better interest income through
fixed-term deposits in the short and medium term.

31

Foreign currency risks
As a result of the international nature of its business, DO & CO generates a large part of its
revenue in foreign currencies. In the reporting year, DO & CO generated a significant part of its
revenue in foreign currencies, mainly in TRY, USD and GBP.
Due to billing being carried out in local currency, with expenses also being incurred in the
same currency and maturity, DO & CO’s margin is secured by a natural hedge. Exchange rate
fluctuations can only impact the Group revenue and net result in absolute terms.
The Group also takes care to exclude additional risks to the greatest possible extent by
entering into appropriate contractual agreements with customers and suppliers.
At the reporting date, the Company does not hold any derivatives to hedge foreign currency
risks in its portfolio.
In the course of the business year 2023/2024, in particular, a significant decline of the Turkish
lira against the euro was reported. While the Turkish lira still reported an exchange rate
against the euro of 20.86 EUR/TRY at the beginning of the business year 2023/2024, it only
amounted to 34.85 EUR/TRY at the end of March 2024, thus having fallen by 38.3%. Since the
main portion of costs is incurred in the local currency and billing is also performed in Turkish
lira, the margins remain largely unaffected by this development. Since 1 April 2022, Türkiye
has been classified as a hyperinflationary country according to IAS 29.
Default risks
The Airline Catering division can count on strongly increased customer demand. The default
risk of customers was reduced to a low residual risk.
DO & CO has not taken out any credit insurance among others due to the high quality of its
customer portfolio.
DO & CO minimises the risk of default to keep it as low as possible through timely and active
monitoring of the debtors’ ledger.
The customers’ credit risk is monitored in a timely manner by way of daily reporting of open
items which enables a quick reaction to altered conditions by the Key Account Manager and the
debtor teams.
Moreover, DO & CO tries to control the default risk of major customers through corresponding
contractual arrangements and the provision of collaterals by customers.
Despite these arrangements, DO & CO remains exposed to the risk that customers’ payment
behaviour might be significantly impacted due to geopolitical, economic or industry-specific
developments.
Further detailed information on foreign currency, liquidity, default and interest risks is provided
in the notes (Section 6.6. Trade receivables and Section 10.3. Additional disclosures on
financial instruments in the notes to the consolidated financial statements).

32

Personnel risks
DO & CO is aware of the importance of its employees and the risks related to not having the
right employees in the right place at the right time. DO & CO is its people; it’s the people who
shape the corporate culture and are a decisive factor for continuous success and growth as a
leading company in our markets. DO & CO’s future development depends on our capacity to
attract talents for operational and administrative business divisions and to support the
employees in their personal development to the Company’s advantage.
Insufficient recruitment, employment and retention of talent who share DO & CO’s values pose
in any case risks for the Company and are constant topics of discussion at all DO & CO
operating sites. In the past twelve months, however, DO & CO has actively taken further steps
and set up special teams to make the attractive opportunities within the Group even more
accessible.
Implementing a Global Applicant Tracking System not only allowed DO & CO to rationalise
recruiting processes, but also to ensure efficiency and attention to detail through centralising
employer branding.
Also in the business year under review, DO & CO still faced the challenge of a shortage of
skilled workers for key areas, such as chefs, waiters/waitresses and drivers. With the aim of
closing these gaps, the number of staff in the Learning & Development teams was increased,
and structured learning programmes with a focus on up-skilling were developed for all levels of
staff. Moreover, a new leadership programme for managers was implemented in the US and is
to be implemented across the globe.
In light of increased cost of living and shortage of applicants on the labour market, DO & CO
constantly evaluates and adapts its remuneration packages and fringe benefits to remain
competitive and of interest on the local markets.
At the same time, the introduction of DO & CO’s new value system offers a platform for
improving the employee involvement strategy, for newly defining the mission, vision and
values as well as for optimising the employee experience.
The Company’s global activities, its diversification in various business divisions and its
presence on all continents offer valuable opportunities for personal development within the
Company. This competitive advantage is highlighted by the Company’s recruiting teams on
various recruiting channels including traditional advertisements, social media, recruiting
events, trade shows, direct contact and others.
In order to offer a comprehensive training to employees, in employee development high
attention is paid to a broad range of tasks and activities in various national and international
roles.
Risks and trends specific to the airline industry
Growth in the airline industry especially depends on the geopolitical situation and correlates
with overall economic development. The escalated Middle East conflict, the war in Ukraine and
trade conflicts, especially between the US and China, affect the airline industry. In addition to
significant effects on air routes due to airspace closures, uncertainties in international tourism
caused by wars may result in a decrease in demand.

33

Even though passenger numbers continuously increased despite expensive ticket prices and
high inflation rates due to a need to catch up after the end of the COVID pandemic, possible
economic slowdown/recession may have negative implications on demand. The positive trend
in passenger numbers is expected to continue but growth will in all probability significantly
slow down.
Furthermore, the climate debate, pressure from governments and the public to reduce carbon
emissions and to invest in alternative fuels have direct or indirect effects on DO & CO’s
Airline Catering division.
Moreover, the business year 2023/2024 was characterised by a shortage of labour. The
industry suffered from a shortage of skilled workers leading to flight cancellations or delays
and higher wage costs. Additional factors were supply chain restrictions and supply-side
bottlenecks.
As significant shares of revenue are generated with a few major customers such as Turkish
Airlines, British Airways, Iberia and Iberia Express, Delta Air Lines, Austrian Airlines, Emirates
and Qatar Airways, there is a concentration risk of customers.
A combination of permanent monitoring of the security situation and constant contact between
key account managers and customers makes it possible to respond swiftly to any changes.
Additionally, the geographical diversification of DO & CO contributes to risk spreading.
Economic developments
DO & CO’s business is strongly dependent on global economic trends because these trends
have an enormous influence on tourism and consumers’ leisure-time behaviour and thus on all
three divisions.
Despite a decrease in inflationary pressure, households are still facing high interest rates and
consumer inflation, while on a macroeconomic level, global economic growth is expected to
slow down.
The Airline Catering division, however, again shows strong demand. The Event Catering
division and the Restaurants, Lounges & Hotels divisions were able to connect to the prepandemic level as well.
Among the risks associated with further expansion and thus the revenue of DO & CO are the
constant global threat of terrorism, political unrest, epidemics and pandemics as well as
changes in the global political and economic landscape. Particularly the increase in
protectionist economic policies, and the growing threat of military conflicts in certain regions of
the world may impede the Company’s business activities.
Increasing cost of living affects consumers by leading to lower available income and changed
consumer behaviour.
To counter economic risks in its business segments, DO & CO is still diversifying its business
internationally and operating in three different market segments. Prompt reporting of business
results includes analysis and forecasts of current operating business in each reporting entity
(the Group companies are divided into units comparable to profit centres for internal reporting
purposes). These efforts ensure that capacity is adjusted immediately.

34

ESG risks
ESG risks (Environment, Social, Governance) are increasingly relevant for the financial stability
and long-term growth of companies. One of the major challenges in the area of climate risks
are rising costs due to regulatory requirements such as the introduction of a carbon tax or
energy efficiency requirements for office buildings. The measures and regulations such as the
EU Circular Economy Regulation and the UK Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) regulation
support the transition to a low-carbon and more circular economy, but in the short term
require considerable costs for adaptation. These regulations may be used as basis for
sustainable improvements by minimising food waste, developing reusable packaging and
improving environmental management systems.
In order to minimise waste and maximise resource recovery, the Company is required to adapt
the business model, make investments in low-carbon technologies as well as energy-efficient
infrastructure and processes. These changes increase operating costs, but pressure from
regulatory authorities and the public as well as possible resource scarcity provide a strong
incentive to adapt.
High energy consumption and rising energy costs, reinforced by geopolitical instability
influencing energy supply and price peaks pose a further financial risk. These costs have a
direct effect on operating costs, especially regarding unexpected price increases. In the long
term, rising energy prices and continuously high energy consumption may severely impede
rentability. Resource scarcity and volatile raw materials prices interrupting supply chains and
increasing production costs cause operational risks and impair operational efficiency and
rentability.
These risks have a direct effect on revenue, costs, financial performance and cash flow in the
short and medium term. In the long term, these risks have an effect on accessing financial
resources and on costs of capital since investors and lenders increasingly consider ESG risks.
Legal risks
With its ongoing expansion and its global scope of business, DO & CO has to abide by a myriad
of legal requirements at national and international level. Especially in relation to food law,
hygiene, waste management, human resources, data protection, taxes and levies, financial
market law and compliance the corresponding rules are to be monitored and observed.
Furthermore, special guidelines and regulations issued by various customers are to be
observed especially in the Airline Catering division and International Event Catering division.
The Company uses the corresponding governance processes to ensure compliance with all
requirements as well as to identify and counter potential risks in a timely manner.
Furthermore, the Company responds rapidly to any changes in legislation and integrates them
in its business processes. Thus, the centrally organised legal department monitors legal
developments and innovations in cooperation with external consultants.
Non-compliance of DO & CO with legal regulations and contractual agreements may give rise
to administrative penalties and claims for damages that could put a heavy burden on the
Group. Moreover, DO & CO is exposed to the risk of economically motivated non-compliance
with contractual obligations or amendments to contractual obligations that are unilaterally
forced by customers. These risks are countered by means of a centrally organised legal
department, a structured contract management and regular evaluation of contracts.

35

Specific insurance policies are taken out throughout the Group as the main means of
minimising liability risks from damage that has proven unpreventable despite damage
avoidance efforts.
Cyber and IT risks
Using information technology to effectively perform marketing, business, financial and business
support processes is an essential factor of the Company. An interruption of IT systems and
processes therefore involves the risk of major effects on critical DO & CO business processes.
The migration of the central IT environment to the cloud has significantly reduced the
likelihood and the consequences of a disruption of infrastructure resulting from device and
component failure, because it offers a resilient and recoverable platform for IT operations.
Any information technology bears potential cybercrime risks. Successful attacks impair and
threaten confidentiality, integrity and availability of IT systems and data. Among the potential
impacts of cyber incidents are business interruptions, data loss, contractual penalties,
reputational damage, fines and legal liability.
Furthermore, DO & CO is bound by EU and international regulatory requirements relating to
data protection and cybersecurity. Non-compliance might result in economic impacts on the
Company.
DO & CO has implemented numerous cybersecurity measures to reduce the likelihood and
consequences of cyber risks. Furthermore, structured communication is used to build a culture
of cyber awareness at all levels within the organisation.
Risks pertaining to epidemic and pandemic diseases
The COVID-19 pandemic and earlier regional outbreaks have shown how vulnerable the
aviation, hospitality and tourism industry are to health crises and resulting measures and
restrictions for consumers, travellers and employees.
Even though at the moment the Company is not exposed to this risk, DO & CO closely
monitors possible changes in order to early identify epidemic or pandemic risks to optimally
take appropriate measures.
Reputation risks
Possible harm to the brand and DO & CO’s reputation are countered by corresponding risk
management. This sets out a uniform standard for identifying, assessing and controlling such
risks.
Employees are the most important ambassadors of the DO & CO brand and its corporate
culture. The Company considers raising awareness for the corresponding responsibility as its
task. Identifying, assessing, controlling, monitoring and reporting possible reputation risks
rests with the national and international management units. If a potential risk to the
Company’s reputation is discovered, this triggers a centrally controlled risk management
process which includes all activities required to ward off any harm to the Company’s image and
possible losses for DO & CO.

36

Hygiene risks
DO & CO operates according to the highest national and international food and hygiene
standards at all locations.
DO & CO has special quality assurance teams at all our production units which train,
implement and review compliance with these standards and implement corresponding
measures.
To ensure that the food DO & CO produces complies with its high hygienic standards, DO & CO
carried out risk analyses in all business areas as part of the ongoing development of its HACCP
(Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points) system. Based on these analyses it has
implemented group-wide hygienic guidelines to control and minimise risks. An internationally
active quality control team constantly monitors the effectiveness of these actions and further
develops them in accordance with the latest international findings.
Loss risks
The risk of losses from fire, storms, flooding or earthquakes is countered by safety and
disaster policies and emergency plans which are practiced and adapted on a regular basis.
Such risks are covered by appropriate insurance coverage.
Risks of production facility failure
In order to minimise the risk that critical production facilities (large-scale kitchens, cold
storage units) might fail, DO & CO regularly makes targeted large-scale investments to
technically optimise essential equipment. Stringent preventive maintenance, risk-focused
spare-parts stocking and in-depth staff training are among the arsenal of key measures to
reduce the risk of production facility failure.
Strict hygiene measures, pro-actively providing employees with information, the provision of
personal protective equipment and mandatory periodic health checks minimise the risk of
absence of employees as well as the corresponding adverse effects on production processes.
Acquisition and integration of business units
It is one of DO & CO’s Group aims to grow organically as well as inorganically through the
acquisition of companies fitting in with its strategic portfolio. To this end, DO & CO has been
buying businesses on an ongoing basis and integrating them into the DO & CO Group. Such a
process involves numerous challenges that require efforts to achieve the intended goals and
avoid post-merger integration pitfalls.
Shared values and a strong corporate culture support new employees to familiarise themselves
with the high quality standards of products and personal service, and help to anchor those
standards permanently. Successfully concluded business integrations provide a basis for
successful projects in the future.
Risks pertaining to terrorism and political unrest
Political unrest and instability, terrorist attacks and terrorist threats result in increased security
risks in the divisions and countries in which DO & CO operates. The field of aviation is directly
affected by these risks due to restrictions and changes in flight operations as well as indirectly
due to changes in travel behaviour.
37

Moreover, the field of major events is also affected by potential short-notice cancellations or
postponements due to political changes or specific terror alerts.
To prevent impacts on the Company’s financial structure, DO & CO uses active monitoring to
carry out advance assessment of developments in the regions where DO & CO operates, and
set up preventive scenarios to combat possible problems. Necessary security measures are
developed depending on the probability and impact of loss-causing events.
In creating in-depth security analyses for the Company and its customers, DO & CO makes use
of information made available by national and international security agencies.
Risks pertaining to natural disasters
Risks may appear out of the blue, as events in the past have demonstrated time and again.
Such events cannot be influenced and may completely or partially interrupt air traffic in an
entire region.
The specific risk of long-term closing of large parts of the air space and attendant large-scale
cancellation of flights by the Group’s partners is monitored through our close cooperation with
airlines, aeronautical authorities (EASA) and the international air weather service.
Overall assessment of the opportunity and risk situation
The business year 2023/2024 was characterised by further global expansion. Thanks to
management’s prudent measures and the commitment of all employees across the globe
during the pandemic, the Company was able to approach the future well-equipped with a new
structure, ready to take the next steps.
Risks and challenges continue to face the Company, particularly through inflationary pressure
on supply chains, requirements of highest safety and hygiene standards as well as new risks
due to rapid digital development.
Recruitment, engagement, retention and development of employees at all levels is one decisive
success factor for sustained growth. Labour markets at all locations are still very challenging.
This requires new approaches and strategies in order to win and retain the best employees for
the Company.
Residual financial risks such as foreign exchange risks, liquidity risks, default and interest risk
remain in spite of a strong culture of financial risk management and an appropriate framework.
Despite the highest security measures, the increase in cyber attacks and the development of
related methods is leading to an increase in IT risks which need to be countered appropriately.
In general, the Management Board is convinced that the opportunity and risk management
system continues to be effective and management continues to strive for a healthy balance of
opportunities and risks.
The Management Board does not consider the Company’s going concern to be at risk.

38

7. Internal Control System
The Management Board meets its responsibility for implementing an internal control system
and risk management system, for the accounting process and for legal compliance.
The internal control system (ICS) for the accounting process ensures the completeness,
timeliness and reliability of financial information as well as data processing and reporting
systems.
DO & CO has an internal control system in place, which encompasses the guidelines,
processes, tasks, controls, revisions and behaviours and other aspects of the organisation and
of Management.
An effective internal control system helps DO & CO in designing and maintaining effective front
and back office procedures by enabling the company to identify, evaluate and appropriately
react to commercial, operative, IT, financial, compliance and other risks that could threaten
the achievement of company goals.
As part of the financial and control functions, the internal control system guarantees the
quality, timeliness and accuracy of internal and external reporting by ensuring completeness
and accuracy in creating and maintaining records and in account management as well as in
processing of financial information.
The ICS also ensures adherence to all applicable laws and regulations as well as DO & CO
guidelines.
DO & CO maintains and strengthens the ICS to ensure effective and improved internal control
with regard to accounting and to guarantee that the financial statements conform to the
requirements.
Furthermore, the ICS undergoes constant optimisation to enhance the efficiency and
effectiveness of the most important processes and to ensure compliance with all (legal and
other) requirements.
The responsibilities for the internal control system are adapted to the organisational structure
of the Company on an ongoing basis to ensure the control environment is satisfactory and
meets the requirements. The central functions Group Accounting and Group Controlling are
responsible for drawing up uniform Group guidelines and for organising and monitoring
financial reporting in the Group.
Compliance with the procedures for recording, posting account entries and settlement of
business transactions is regularly monitored through appropriate organisational measures and
objective assessment by the internal audit department, which provides an independent opinion
on the completeness and effectiveness of internal controls within the organisation to the
Supervisory Board.
All monitoring actions are applied to all stages of the ongoing transaction process. Monitoring
may include Management reviewing the results for various periods, targeted reconciliation of
accounts and analysing ongoing accounting processes. Departments connected with the
accounting process are given suitable qualitative and quantitative resources.

39

The data processing systems are subject to targeted adjustment and optimisation on an
ongoing basis. Close attention is paid to IT security in this context. With respect to the financial
systems used, pertinent authorisation arrangements are employed to guard access to
corporate data. Restrictive authorisation of this kind allows sensitive activities to be isolated.
The internal control system for data and IT systems is integrated into DO & CO’s main ICS and
is based on standards and best practices, such as IT governance controls as defined in the
COBIT framework, and it is subject to independent assessment as to its effectiveness by the
internal audit department.
Appropriate staffing with the right competencies, the use of suitable software and clear
regulatory requirements are the cornerstone of a proper, uniform and consistent accounting
process.
Comprehensive financial reports are given regularly and promptly to the Supervisory Board
and Management Board and to middle management.
The Group accounting department is the central contact for all accounting issues at the level of
individual companies as well as at Group level. It is also responsible for the preparation of the
consolidated financial statements by using an accepted consolidation software. Transferring the
separate financial statements into the system and preparing the consolidated financial
statements including the disclosures in the notes is supported by numerous controls to ensure
the completeness and accuracy of the data. A Group accounting manual, which states the
accounting and measurement principles used by DO & CO and which is regularly updated,
ensures standardised processing, accounting and measurement of business transactions while
reducing the risk of variations in the procedures within the Group. Ongoing staff training
ensures that the accounts are kept in line with current law. When presenting complex
information, DO & CO consults external service providers in order to ensure that the
information will be properly presented in the separate financial statements and in the
consolidated financial statements. This applies to transactions such as the acquisition of
companies, which harbour risks from the integration of different accounting systems as well as
valuation risks. For some measurements (such as pensions and severance payment
obligations), the Company draws on the know-how of experts.
In order to prevent any fraudulent acts or abuse, the Company has implemented the
separation of functions and performs ongoing follow-up checks (four-eyes principle). Regular
assessments performed by the internal audit department contribute to continuous
improvement and optimisation of processes.
Regardless of its design, no internal control system can guarantee that its set targets will be
achieved with absolute certainty. Considering the design of the implemented control system
and its continuous further development, DO & CO regards the risk of preparing misleading
financial statements as negligible.

40

Consolidated Corporate Governance Report
1. Commitment to the Code of Corporate Governance
The Austrian Code of Corporate Governance (ÖCGK) is a set of regulations for responsible
corporate governance and management of Austrian stock corporations and was written in
accordance with international standards.
DO & CO has been committed to full compliance with the rules of the Austrian Code of
Corporate Governance (available for perusal at www.corporate-governance.at) since February
2007. It satisfies all the legal requirements (“L Rules”) and confirms that it will not deviate
from the comply-or-explain requirements (“C Rules”).
As regards corporate governance, management’s goal at DO & CO is to increase the value of
the Company on a sustainable, long-term basis. DO & CO adheres to strict principles of good
corporate management and transparency while constantly refining its efficient system of
corporate governance. The ultimate priority is a corporate culture that engenders trust and
enables the Company to achieve lasting gains in value.
DO & CO has had an independent external institution conduct regular evaluations of its
compliance with the Austrian Code of Corporate Governance since the business year
2007/2008 in accordance with Rule 62 of this Code. The evaluation for the business year
2023/2024 was performed by Ullrich Saurer, a lawyer with hba Rechtsanwälte GmbH. The
report on this external evaluation is available on DO & CO’s website at www.doco.com.

2. The Management Board
Attila DOGUDAN
Chairman | Chief Executive Officer, born in 1959
First appointed to the Board on 3 June 1997
End of the current term of office: 31 July 2026
No seats on supervisory boards or comparable positions
Attila Mark DOGUDAN
Member of the Board | Chief Commercial Officer, born in 1984
First appointed to the Board on 10 June 2021
End of the current term of office: 10 June 2027
No seats on supervisory boards or comparable positions
Mag. Johannes ECHEVERRIA
Member of the Board | Chief Financial Officer, born in 1982
First appointed to the Board on 1 September 2023
End of the current term of office: 31 August 2026
No seats on supervisory boards or comparable positions
M. Serdar ERDEN, MBA
Member of the Board | Chief Operational Officer, born in 1974
First appointed to the Board on 1 September 2023
End of the current term of office: 31 August 2026
No seats on supervisory boards or comparable positions

41

Mag. Bettina HÖFINGER
Member of the Board |Chief Legal Officer, born in 1973
First appointed to the Board on 1 September 2023
End of the current term of office: 31 August 2026
No seats on supervisory boards or comparable positions
Gottfried NEUMEISTER
Member of the Board, born in 1977
First appointed to the Board on 16 July 2012
End of the term of office: 30 June 2023
No seats on supervisory boards or comparable positions
Workings of the Management Board
The allocation of responsibilities and cooperation within the Executive Board are regulated in
the Articles of Association and the rules of procedure. In particular, the rules of procedure
regulate responsibilities, decision-making requirements and the allocation of business areas.
The rules of procedure also contain the information and reporting obligations of the
Management Board as well as a catalogue of measures that require the approval of the
Supervisory Board.
The Chairman of the Management Board is responsible for the overall management of the
Company and for coordinating the work of the Management Board. All members of the
Management Board must report to each other on all important business transactions that occur
in their assigned area of business.
Shares held by Members of the Management Board
At the reporting date 31 March 2024, Bettina Höfinger held 500 no-par value shares in DO &
CO Aktiengesellschaft.

3. The Supervisory Board
Andreas BIERWIRTH
Chairman, independent, born in 1971
Representative of shareholders holding shares in free float
th
Current term runs until the 28 Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (2026), first
appointed on 21 July 2016
No Supervisory Board mandates or comparable functions in listed companies outside the Group
Peter HOFFMANN-OSTENHOF
First Deputy Chairman, independent, born in 1955
th
Current term runs until the 29 Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (2027), first
appointed on 27 July 2017
No Supervisory Board mandates or comparable functions in listed companies outside the Group
Cem KOZLU
Second Deputy Chairman, independent, born in 1946
Representative of shareholders holding shares in free float
th
Current term runs until the 28 Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (2026), first
appointed on 21 July 2016
Seats on supervisory boards or comparable positions at non-Group listed companies:
• Member of the Board of Directors of Pegasus Hava Yollari A.Ş., Türkiye
• Member of the Board of Directors of Koç Holding A.Ş., Türkiye
• Member of the Board of Directors of Tüpraş Türkiye Petrol Rafinerileri A. Ş, Türkiye
42

Daniela NEUBERGER
Member, independent, born in 1961
Current term runs until the 26th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (2024), first
appointed on 18 July 2019
No Supervisory Board mandates or comparable functions in listed companies outside the Group
Workings of the Supervisory Board
The legal basis for the actions of the Supervisory Board are the Austrian Stock Corporation Act
(AktG), the Articles of Association as well as the Internal Rules of Procedure of the Supervisory
Board and the Austrian Corporate Governance Code, which the Supervisory Board has
expressly undertaken to observe.
In the business year 2023/2024, the Supervisory Board performed its duties under the law and
the Articles of Association in four meetings. Two meetings were held in the physical presence
of all Supervisory Board members, while the other two Supervisory Board meetings were held
in the form of a video conference. The overall attendance rate of all Supervisory Board
members was 100%, with each Supervisory Board member attending all meetings in person or
virtually.
In addition to ongoing consultation with and advising of the Management Board regarding the
Company’s strategic direction, priorities in the reporting year were the following in particular:
–

–

–
–
–

strong development of revenues and results in the Airline Catering division, the
International Event Catering division and in the Restaurants, Lounges & Hotels division
and related opportunities and risks
further expansion of the Company in the US due to expanding business activities with
Delta Airlines as well as the partnership for the Formula 1 Grand Prix in Austin, Miami
and Las Vegas
new retail and café concept of the Demel flagship store in Vienna
developments in the area of artificial intelligence as well as resulting opportunities and
risks for the Company
appointing new members of the Management Board as well as the Company’s structure
for further expansion

Shares held by Members of the Supervisory Board
At the reporting date 31 March 2024, Andreas Bierwirth held 2,280 no-par value shares in DO
& CO Aktiengesellschaft. Cem Kozlu held 7,617 no-par values shares in DO & CO
Aktiengesellschaft at the reporting date 31 March 2024.
Independence
The Supervisory Board of DO & CO has no members who are either former Management Board
members or senior officers of the Company; similarly, there are no interlocking directorates.
Existing business relations with companies in which Supervisory Board members of DO & CO
Aktiengesellschaft are active are handled on arm’s length terms.
Adhering to Rules 39 and 53 and Annex 1 of the Austrian Code of Corporate Governance, the
Supervisory Board in its meeting of 14 February 2007 adopted the following criteria for
assessing the independence of its members and Committee members:
A member of the Supervisory Board shall be deemed independent if said member does not
have any business or personal relations with the Company or its Management Board that
43

constitute a material conflict of interests and are therefore likely to influence the member’s
conduct.
Further criteria for the assessment of the independence of a member of the Supervisory Board:
1. The Supervisory Board member has not been a member of the Management Board or senior
officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries in the past five years.
2. The Supervisory Board member has no current business relationship nor has he / she had
any business relationship within the last year with the Company or any of its subsidiaries of an
extent that is material for such Supervisory Board member. This also applies to business
relationships with companies in which the Supervisory Board member has a considerable
economic interest. Approval of any individual transactions by the Supervisory Board member in
line with L Rule 48 does not automatically cause him / her to be qualified as non-independent.
3. For the past three years, the Supervisory Board member has not been an auditor of the
Company or stakeholder or employee of the company auditing DO & CO.
4. The Supervisory Board member is not a management board member of another company in
which a Management Board member of the Company serves as a Supervisory Board member.
5. The Supervisory Board member is no direct family member (direct descendant, spouse,
domestic partner, parent, uncle, aunt, sibling, niece, nephew) of a Management Board member
or of any person who is in any one of the positions described above.
The members of the Supervisory Board each declare that they are independent as defined by
the above criteria.
It is noted that, in the separate sustainability report of DO & CO Aktiengesellschaft, the First
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board, Peter HOFFMANN-OSTENHOF, according to the
(other) criteria that the sustainability report is based on, is not classified as independent due to
his role as member of the Management Board of Attila Dogudan Privatstiftung.
Composition and workings of the Committees
AUDIT COMMITTEE:
Andreas BIERWIRTH: Chairman
Peter HOFFMANN-OSTENHOF: First Depu
[...TRUNCATED...]