TICKER=DOC|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/DOC_2026-02-03.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors The section below discusses the risk factors that may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business. As set forth below, we believe that the risks we face generally fall into the following categories: • risks related to our business and operations; • risks related to our capital structure and market conditions; • risks related to the pending Janus Living Offering and our relationship with Janus Living if the Janus Living Offering is completed; and • risks related to tax, including REIT-related risks, and related to our jurisdiction of incorporation and our structure as an UPREIT. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Changes to regulatory, funding, staffing, trade, and other policies and actions by the U.S. political administration could adversely affect our business operations or the operations of our tenants or operators. Recent and ongoing changes in U.S. federal government policy have introduced uncertainty to the capital markets, as well as within our industry and the industries of our tenants and operators. These policy changes include, but are not limited to, workforce reductions at federal agencies; executive actions impacting National Institutes of Health (“NIH”) grant funding; changes to visa policies affecting the scientific workforce; efforts to cap NIH indirect cost reimbursements; tariffs and potential tariff actions; and changes to drug pricing policies. For example, recent policy shifts and administration priorities affecting research funding, drug pricing, drug review and approval processes, and tariffs, among other policies, have created uncertainty in the life science ecosystem in which our lab tenants operate. This uncertainty has adversely impacted, and in the future may adversely impact, the ability of life science companies obtain investor funding, which could lead to setbacks in research and development timelines, advancement of drug pipelines, or achievement of commercial viability. In addition, competitive international biotech sectors, including in China, supported by favorable regulatory conditions and costs there, may also divert research and development activity and investment away from the U.S., reducing long-term demand for domestic life science real estate. These policy shifts and other dynamics may affect our lab tenants’ ability to make rent payments to us or expand within our properties, which, as a result, could negatively impact our operating and financial results. Furthermore, reductions in Medicaid spending and cuts to Medicaid provider rates, the expiration of health insurance subsidies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, along with the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the “Affordable Care Act”), other potential changes to federal reimbursement policies, and other potential policy initiatives focused on medical care, including site-neutral payments and changes to reimbursement for certain outpatient services, could reduce patient volumes, increase uncompensated care, and put downward pressure on reimbursement rates for hospitals and outpatient medical facilities, which could have an adverse effect on our tenants’, operators’, and borrowers’ liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations. In particular, reduced funding for entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid could result in increased costs and fees for programs such as Medicare Advantage Plans and additional reductions in reimbursements to providers. In general, facilities in non-expansion states face a significantly higher financial risk due to Medicare / Medicaid and Affordable Care Act provisions in the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBA”). An expansion state is a U.S. state that chose to expand its Medicaid program under the Affordable Care Act, thereby extending coverage to nearly all low-income adults up to 138% of the federal poverty level and becoming eligible for enhanced federal funding. In contrast, a non-expansion state is a state that did not expand its Medicaid program under the Affordable Care Act. As Affordable Care Act subsidies have expired, non-expansion states with higher numbers of individuals not eligible for Medicaid who can no longer rely on purchasing coverage from the Affordable Care Act marketplace will be disproportionately affected unless the subsidies are extended. Accordingly, facilities in non-expansion states could face challenges in meeting operational costs if patients/residents lose the ability to purchase Affordable Care Act coverage. Amendments to the Affordable Care Act in whole or in part and decisions by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services could impact the delivery of services and benefits under Medicare, Medicaid, or Medicare Advantage Plans and could affect our tenants and operators and the manner in which they are reimbursed by such programs. Because our outpatient medical segment depends on stable, long-term occupancy by healthcare providers, such adverse changes in U.S. healthcare policy could adversely affect our operating and financial results. Tariffs and potential tariff actions have also led to market volatility, higher construction costs, and supply chain disruptions, which could delay or increase the cost of our development projects and impair our access to capital. 14 Table of Contents We may be negatively impacted by macroeconomic trends that may increase borrowing, construction, labor, and other operating or administrative costs for us and our tenants, operators, and borrowers. In recent periods, many of our costs, including borrowing, construction, labor, utilities, and other operating and administrative costs, have been adversely affected by macroeconomic trends, including higher interest rates, inflation, price volatility, and changes in unemployment, among other factors. These macroeconomic trends may also negatively impact consumer confidence and spending and have been exacerbated at times by domestic and international policy shifts; uncertainty in the regulatory landscape in which we, our tenants, and our operators operate; supply chain disruptions; geopolitical conflicts; federal government deficits; and other international and domestic events impacting the macroeconomic environment. If any of these adverse macroeconomic trends continue or recur in the future, our business and results of operations may be negatively impacted. Furthermore, rising labor costs and personnel shortages may adversely impact us or our tenants, operators, and borrowers. Competitive pressures may require that we or our tenants, operators, or borrowers enhance pay and benefits packages to compete effectively for such personnel. To the extent we or our tenants, operators, or borrowers cannot hire a sufficient number of qualified personnel, we or they may need to utilize high-cost alternatives to meet labor needs, including contract and overtime labor, or our business may operate below capacity, which may affect our ability to effectively manage risk and pursue potential revenue and growth opportunities. Additionally, changing technologies and cultural trends could negatively impact future demand for our properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Life science industry changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If economic, financial, regulatory, or industry conditions adversely affect the life science industry, we may be unable to lease or re-lease our lab properties in a timely manner or at profitable rates or with favorable terms. In addition, because lab property infrastructure improvements are typically significantly more costly than improvements to other property types due to their highly specialized nature, and lab tenants typically require greater lease square footage relative to outpatient medical tenants, repositioning efforts would have a disproportionate adverse effect on our lab segment performance. Further, our lab investments could face decreased demand from biotech and life science companies relative to supply, and life science industry consolidation could reduce the rentable square footage requirements of our client tenants and prospective client tenants, which may adversely impact our revenues from lease payments. Finally, our lab investments could also be adversely affected if the life science industry migrates from the U.S. to other countries that have seen accelerated growth in the biotech industry, or to areas outside of our primary lab markets in the greater South San Francisco, San Diego, and Boston areas. Our lab tenants face significant regulation, funding requirements, and uncertainty. Our lab tenants face substantial requirements for, and risks related to, the research, development, clinical testing, manufacture, and commercialization of their products and technologies, including: • significant funding requirements, including for rent payments due to us that may not be available; • federal, state, and foreign regulatory approvals that may be costly or difficult to obtain, may take several years and be subject to delay, may not be obtained at all, require validation through clinical trials that may face delays or difficulties, or ultimately be unsuccessful; • product and technology efficacy risks; • acceptance risks among doctors and patients; • significant regulatory and liability risks, including the possible later discovery of safety concerns and other defects and potential loss of approvals, competition from new products, and the expiration of patent protection; • new and emerging laws aimed at the life science/biotechnology industry, increasing regulatory requirements and compliance costs, as well as healthcare reforms and reimbursement policies of government or private healthcare payors, including price controls for prescription drug prices; • intellectual property and technology risks under patent, copyright, and trade secret laws; • economic conditions potentially restricting growth opportunities; and • new or emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence and automation, that introduce advanced computational technologies into tenants’ research and development programs, which could accelerate and streamline a number of research and development functions and lead to a reconfiguration in space requirements by our tenants or decrease in demand for space over time. 15 Table of Contents Our lab tenants’ ability to raise capital depends on the actual or perceived viability of their products and technologies, their financial and operating condition and outlook, and the overall financial, banking, regulatory, and economic environment. If venture capital firms, private investors, the public markets, companies in the life science industry, the government, or other sources of funding are difficult to obtain or unavailable to support our tenants’ activities, including as a result of changes to regulatory policies and actions by the U.S. political administration (including those described earlier), general economic conditions, adverse market conditions, or uncertainty that negatively impact our tenants’ ability to raise capital, our tenants’ business would be adversely affected or could fail. In addition, several of our lab tenants build upon the earlier successful research conducted at research institutions and funded by NIH grants; sustained funding cuts to NIH grants could have long-lasting impacts to the industry and impede our tenants’ ability to build on such earlier successful research. If our lab tenants’ businesses are adversely affected, they may be unable to meet their financial obligations to us or expand within our properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Decreases in our tenants’, operators’, or borrowers’ revenues, or increases in their expenses, or other factors adversely affecting their ability to borrow money, could affect their ability to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us. Occupancy levels at, and rental income from, our outpatient medical facilities and senior housing properties depend on our ability and the ability of our tenants, operators, and borrowers to compete with respect to (i) the quality of care provided, (ii) reputation, (iii) price, (iv) the range of services offered, (v) the physical appearance of a property, (vi) family preference, (vii) referral sources, and (viii) location. In addition, our tenants, operators, and borrowers compete with certain companies that provide similar healthcare services or alternatives such as home health agencies, telemedicine, life care at home, community-based service programs, retirement communities, and convalescent centers. There have been, and there are expected to continue to be, advances and changes in technology, payment models, healthcare delivery models, regulation, and consumer behavior, preferences, and perception that could reduce demand for on-site activities provided at our properties. If our tenants, operators, or borrowers are unable to adapt to long-term changes in demand, their financial condition could be materially impacted and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore, these tenants, operators, and borrowers face a competitive labor market. A shortage of care givers or other trained personnel, shifts in immigration policy, union activities (including strikes, labor slowdowns, or contract negotiations), wage laws, or general inflationary pressures on wages may require our tenants, operators, and borrowers to enhance pay and benefits packages, or to use more expensive contract personnel, and they may be unable to offset these added costs by increasing the rates charged to residents or patients. An inability to attract and retain qualified personnel, including personnel possessing the expertise needed to operate in the life science, outpatient medical, and senior housing sectors, could negatively impact the ability of our tenants, operators, and borrowers to meet their obligations to us. Our tenants, operators, and borrowers could also be adversely impacted by a bank failure or other event affecting financial institutions, including through disruptions in access to bank deposits or borrowing capacity, including access to letters of credit from certain of our tenants relating to lease obligations, and any resulting adverse effects to our tenants’, operators’, or borrowers’ liquidity or financial performance could affect their ability to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us. Our tenants could also be adversely affected by tariffs, which could cause the import or export of materials, components, or specialized equipment they use to become prohibitively expense to use or sell. Although we generally have the right under specified circumstances to terminate a lease, evict a tenant or terminate an operator, demand immediate repayment of outstanding loan amounts or other obligations to us, or draw on a letter of credit, we may be unable to enforce these rights or we may determine not to do so if we believe that doing so would be more detrimental than alternative approaches. If widespread default or nonpayment of outstanding obligations from our tenants, operators, or borrowers occurs at a time when terminating our agreements with them and replacing them would be difficult or impossible, we could elect instead to amend our agreements on materially less favorable terms to us. The failure of our tenants, operators, or borrowers to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We may be negatively impacted by the insolvency or bankruptcy of, or the inability to obtain funding by, one or more of our major tenants, operators, or borrowers. A downturn in our tenants’, operators’, or borrowers’ businesses has led, and could in the future lead, to voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or similar reorganization, restructuring, or insolvency proceedings, including assignment for the benefit of creditors, liquidation, or winding-up. Bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to a defaulting tenant, operator, or borrower that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization that has, and in the future may, render certain of our remedies unenforceable or, at the least, delay our ability to pursue such remedies and realize any related recoveries. 16 Table of Contents A debtor has the right to assume, or to assume and assign to a third party, or to reject its executory contracts and unexpired leases in a bankruptcy proceeding. We have been subject to rejection of our leases in the past and may experience such rejection in the future. When a debtor rejects its leases with us, obligations under such rejected leases cease. The claim against the rejecting debtor for remaining rental payments due under the lease is an unsecured claim limited by the statutory cap set forth in the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. This statutory cap may be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease. In addition, a debtor may also assert in bankruptcy proceedings that certain leases should be re-characterized as financing agreements, which could result in our being deemed a lender instead of a landlord. A lender’s rights and remedies, as compared to a landlord’s, generally are materially less favorable, and our rights as a lender may be subject to lower priority for payment under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Furthermore, the automatic stay provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code preclude us from enforcing our remedies unless we first obtain relief from the court having jurisdiction over the bankruptcy case. This effectively limits or delays our ability to collect unpaid rent or interest payments, and we may ultimately not receive any payment at all. In addition, we have been, and may again be, required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, insurance, debt costs, and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of our properties, avoid the imposition of liens on our properties, or transition our properties to a new tenant or operator. If we are unable to transition affected properties, they would likely experience prolonged operational disruption, leading to lower occupancy rates and further depressed revenues. Publicity about the operator’s financial condition and insolvency proceeds may also negatively impact their and our reputations, decreasing customer demand and revenues. Any or all of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations, and cash flows. These risks could be magnified where we lease multiple properties to a single operator under a master lease, as an operator failure or default under a master lease would expose us to these risks across multiple properties. We depend on real estate investments, particularly in the healthcare property sector, making us more vulnerable to events affecting the healthcare property sector, including a downturn or slowdown in that sector, or laws affecting REIT ownership of healthcare properties. We concentrate our investments in the healthcare property sector. A downturn or slowdown in this sector would have a greater adverse impact on our business than if we had investments across multiple sectors, and could negatively impact the ability of our tenants, operators, and borrowers to meet their obligations to us, as well as their ability to maintain historical rental and occupancy rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Additionally, at various times, legislation potentially limiting REIT ownership and investment in the healthcare property sector has been introduced or is under discussion at the federal, state, and/or local level, including laws that would restrict REIT investment in the sector, reduce tax benefits for REITs that own healthcare properties, or require burdensome approvals for, or significantly delay the ability of, healthcare entities to transact with REITs. Such events impacting the healthcare property sector could have a material adverse effect on our ability to participate in the ownership of or investment in healthcare real estate, the value of our properties, or our ability to sell properties at prices or on terms acceptable or favorable to us. The illiquidity of our real estate investments may prevent us from timely responding to economic or investment performance changes. Our real estate investments can be relatively illiquid due to: (i) restrictions on our ability to sell properties under applicable REIT tax laws, (ii) other tax-related considerations, (iii) regulatory hurdles, and (iv) market conditions. As a result, we may be unable to recognize full value for any property that we seek to sell. Our inability to timely respond to economic or investment performance changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Identifying and securing new or replacement tenants or operators can be time consuming and costly. Healthcare properties can be highly customized, and the improvements generally required to conform a property to healthcare use are costly, sometimes tenant-specific, and may be subject to regulatory requirements. A new or replacement tenant or operator may require different features in a property, depending on that tenant’s or operator’s particular business. In addition, infrastructure improvements for outpatient medical and lab properties typically are significantly more expensive than improvements to other property types due to the highly specialized nature of the properties, and with respect to lab properties, the greater lease square footage often required by lab tenants. Therefore, we may incur substantial expenditures to modify a lab property and experience delays before we are able to secure a new or replacement tenant or operator or to accommodate multiple tenants or operators, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 17 Table of Contents In addition, we may fail to identify suitable replacements or enter into leases, management agreements, or other arrangements with new tenants or operators on a timely basis or on terms as favorable to us as our current leases, if at all. We also may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations, such as real estate taxes, debt costs, insurance costs, and maintenance expenses, to preserve the value of, and avoid the imposition of liens on, our properties while they are being repositioned. In addition, we may incur certain obligations and liabilities, including obligations to indemnify the replacement tenant or operator. Identifying and securing new or replacement tenants or operators can be time consuming and costly, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Property development, redevelopment, and tenant improvement risks can render a project less profitable or unprofitable and delay or prevent its undertaking or completion. Our property development, redevelopment, and tenant improvement projects could be canceled, abandoned, delayed or, if completed, fail to perform in accordance with expectations due to, among other things: • the inability to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all, or the lack of liquidity we deem necessary or appropriate for the project; • legal and regulatory hurdles, including moratoriums on development and redevelopment activities, climate regulatory requirements or expectations (such as net zero or carbon neutrality), or other building and energy performance requirements; • the failure to obtain, or costs associated with obtaining, necessary zoning, entitlements, and permits; • cost increases; and • other factors over which we have limited or no control, including: (i) changes in market and economic conditions; (ii) decline in demand, including after construction has commenced; (iii) natural disasters and other catastrophic events or physical climate risks, such as floods, wildfires, earthquakes, and wind storms; (iv) pandemics or other health crises; (v) labor conditions, including a labor shortage or work stoppage; (vi) shortages of construction materials; (vii) environmental conditions; or (viii) civil unrest and acts of war or terrorism. Project costs may materially exceed original estimates due to, among other things: • higher interest rates; • increased costs for materials, transportation, environmental remediation, labor, or other inputs, including those caused by a shortage of construction materials or labor; • negligent construction or construction defects; • damage, vandalism, or accidents; and • increased operating costs, including insurance premiums, utilities, real estate taxes, and costs of complying with changes in government regulations or increases in tariffs. Delays in project completion also delay the commencement of related rental payments, including increases in rental payments following tenant improvement projects, and may provide tenants the right to terminate leases or cause us to incur additional costs, including through rent abatement. Demand for a project may decrease prior to a project’s completion, and resulting lease-up rates, rental rates, lease commencement dates, and occupancy levels may fail to meet expectations. Tenants that have pre-leased at a project may file for bankruptcy or become insolvent, or elect to terminate their lease prior to delivery if they are acquired or for other reasons. Finally, a project may have defects that we do not discover through the inspection processes, including latent defects not discovered until after we put a property in service. The foregoing risks could result in not achieving anticipated returns on investment and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 18 Table of Contents The hospitals on whose campuses our outpatient medical buildings are located and their affiliated healthcare systems could fail to remain competitive or financially viable, which could adversely impact their ability to attract physicians and physician groups to our outpatient medical buildings and our other properties that serve the healthcare industry. The viability of hospitals depends on factors such as: (i) the quality and mix of healthcare services provided, (ii) competition for patients and physicians, (iii) demographic trends in the surrounding community, (iv) market position, (v) growth potential, and (vi) changes to the reimbursement system, as well as the ability of the affiliated healthcare systems to provide economies of scale and access to capital. In addition, hospitals could be negatively affected by widespread cancellations of elective procedures due to health and safety measures or otherwise. If a hospital whose campus is located near one of our outpatient medical buildings is unable to meet its financial obligations, and if an affiliated healthcare system is unable to support that hospital or goes bankrupt, the hospital may be unable to successfully compete or could be forced to close, relocate, or be sold to another provider, which could adversely impact its ability to attract physicians and other healthcare-related users. In addition, hospitals can also be adversely affected by increasing legal and regulatory scrutiny and hurdles, including requirements for hospitals to be able to engage in certain transactions or change owners or operators, which could impact the financial viability of the hospitals. Because we rely on our proximity to, and affiliations with, these hospitals to create tenant demand for space in our outpatient medical buildings, their inability to remain competitive or financially viable, or to attract physicians and physician groups, could adversely affect our outpatient medical building operations and have a material adverse effect on us. We assume operational risks with respect to our senior housing properties managed in RIDEA structures that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Although the RIDEA structure gives us certain oversight approval rights (e.g., budgets and material contracts) and the right to review operational and financial reporting information, our operators are ultimately in control of the day-to-day business of the property. As a result, we have limited rights to direct or influence the business or operations of our senior housing properties, all of which are under RIDEA structures, and we depend on our operators to operate these properties in a manner that complies with applicable law, minimizes legal risk, and maximizes the value of our investment. Under a RIDEA structure, our TRS is ultimately responsible for all operational risks and other liabilities of the properties, other than those arising out of certain actions by our operator, such as gross negligence or willful misconduct. Operational risks include, and our resulting revenues therefore depend on, among other things: (i) occupancy rates; (ii) the entrance fees and rental rates charged to residents; (iii) the requirements of, or changes to, governmental reimbursement programs such as Medicare or Medicaid, to the extent applicable, including changes to reimbursement rates; (iv) our operators’ reputations and ability to attract and retain residents; (v) general economic conditions and market factors that impact seniors, including general inflationary pressures; (vi) competition from other senior housing providers; (vii) compliance with federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification and inspection laws, regulations and standards; (viii) litigation involving our properties or residents/patients; (ix) the availability and cost of general and professional liability insurance coverage or increases in insurance policy deductibles; and (x) the ability to control operating expenses. Operators of our senior housing properties primarily depend on private sources for their revenues and the ability of their patients and residents to pay fees. Costs associated with independent and assisted living services are not generally reimbursable under governmental reimbursement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. Accordingly, our operators of these properties depend on attracting seniors with appropriate levels of income and assets, which may be affected by many factors, including: (i) prevailing economic and market trends, including general inflationary pressures; (ii) consumer confidence; (iii) demographics; (iv) property condition and safety; (v) public perception about such properties; (vi) social and environmental factors; and (vii) changes in consumer preferences (such as favoring home health services instead of residing in a senior housing community). In addition, epidemics, pandemics, and severe flu seasons or any other widespread illness could result in early move-outs or delayed move-ins during quarantine periods or during periods when actual or perceived risks of such illnesses are heightened, and have reduced, and could continue to reduce, our operators’ revenues. If our operators fail to effectively conduct operations on our behalf, or to maintain and improve our properties, it could adversely affect our business reputation as the owner of the properties, as well as the business reputation of our operators and their ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our and our operators’ business, results of operations, and financial condition. 19 Table of Contents Tenants, operators, and borrowers that fail to comply with federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations, including resident health and safety requirements, as well as licensure, certification, and inspection requirements, may cease to operate or be unable to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us. Our tenants, operators, and borrowers across our segments are subject to or impacted by extensive, frequently changing federal, state, and local laws and regulations; see “Item 1, Business—Government Regulation, Licensing and Enforcement—Healthcare Licensure and Certificate of Need” for a discussion of certain of these laws and regulations. Unannounced surveys, inspections, or audits occur frequently, including following a regulator’s receipt of a complaint about a facility, and these surveys, inspections, and audits can result in deficiencies and further adverse action. Our tenants’, operators’, or borrowers’ failure to comply with any of the laws, regulations, or requirements applicable to them could result in: (i) loss of accreditation; (ii) denial of reimbursement; (iii) imposition of fines and civil monetary penalties; (iv) suspension or decertification from government healthcare programs; (v) civil liability; and (vi) in certain instances, suspension, or denial of admissions, criminal penalties, loss of license, or closure of the property and/or the incurrence of considerable costs arising from an investigation or regulatory action, which may have an adverse effect on properties that we own and lease to a third party tenant in our outpatient medical and lab segments, that we own and operate through a RIDEA structure in our senior housing segment, or on which we are a lender, and therefore may materially adversely impact us. Furthermore, we are required under RIDEA to rely on our operators to oversee and direct these aspects of the properties’ operations to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. If one or more of our healthcare properties fails to comply with applicable laws and regulations, our TRS would be responsible (except in limited circumstances, such as the gross negligence or willful misconduct of our operators, where we would have a contractual claim against them), which could subject our TRS to penalties including loss or suspension of licenses, certification or accreditation, exclusion from government healthcare programs (i.e., Medicare, Medicaid), administrative sanctions, and civil monetary penalties. Some states also reserve the right to sanction affiliates of a licensee when they take administrative action against the licensee, and require a licensee to report all healthcare-related administrative actions that have been brought against any of the licensee’s affiliates, even in other states. Additionally, when we receive individually identifiable health information relating to residents of our healthcare properties, we are subject to federal and state data privacy and security laws and rules, and could be subject to liability in the event of an audit, complaint, cybersecurity incident, or data breach. Furthermore, our TRS has exposure to professional liability claims that could arise out of resident claims, such as quality of care, and the associated litigation costs. Required regulatory approvals can delay or prohibit transfers of our senior housing properties. Transfers of senior housing properties to successor owners or operators are typically subject to regulatory approvals or ratifications, including change of ownership approvals for licensure and Medicare / Medicaid (if applicable) that are not required for transfers of other types of commercial operations and other types of real estate. Federal and state authorities have become increasingly focused on the review and potential regulation of healthcare transactions for impacts on costs, access to care, and quality, which could involve lengthy review and approval periods, enhanced disclosure obligations, impact analysis, public notices, and hearings. Such regulation could adversely impact the time and cost of completing transactions and, in certain circumstances, affect the feasibility of pursuing or completing such transactions. The sale of, or replacement of any operator at, our senior housing facilities could be delayed by the regulatory approval process of any federal, state, or local government agency necessary for the transfer of the property or the replacement of the operator licensed to manage the property, during which time the property may experience performance declines. We may also elect to use an interim licensing structure to facilitate such transfers, which structure expedites the transfer by allowing a third party to operate under our license until the required regulatory approvals are obtained, but could subject us to fines or penalties if the third party fails to comply with applicable laws and regulations and fails to indemnify us for such fines or penalties pursuant to the terms of its agreement with us. Compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and fire, safety, and other regulations may require us to make expenditures that adversely affect our cash flows. Our properties must comply with applicable ADA and any similar state and local laws. These laws may require removal of barriers to access by persons with disabilities in public areas of our properties. Noncompliance could result in the incurrence of additional costs associated with bringing the properties into compliance, the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants in individual lawsuits or as part of a class action. We could also be required to expend funds to comply with the provisions of the ADA and similar state and local laws on behalf of tenants, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 20 Table of Contents In addition, we are required to operate our properties in compliance with fire and safety regulations, building codes and other land use regulations. New and revised regulations and codes may be adopted by governmental agencies and bodies and become applicable to our properties. For example, new safety laws for senior housing properties were adopted following the particularly damaging 2018 hurricane season. Compliance could require substantial capital expenditures, both for significant upgrades and for tenant relocations that may be necessary depending on the scope and duration of upgrades, and may restrict our ability to renovate our properties. These expenditures and restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and cash flows. The requirements of, or changes to, governmental reimbursement programs such as Medicare or Medicaid may adversely affect our tenants’, operators’, and borrowers’ ability to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us. Certain of our tenants, operators, and borrowers, as well as our owned assets in the senior housing segment, are affected, directly or indirectly, by a complex set of federal, state, and local laws and regulations pertaining to governmental reimbursement programs. These laws and regulations are subject to frequent and substantial changes that are sometimes applied retroactively. See “Item 1, Business—Government Regulation, Licensing and Enforcement.” For example, to the extent that our tenants, operators, or borrowers, or assets owned in our senior housing segment, receive a significant portion of their revenues from governmental payors, primarily Medicare and Medicaid, they are generally subject to, among other things: • statutory and regulatory changes, including changes that impact state reimbursement programs, particularly Medicaid reimbursement and managed care payments; • staffing and quality requirements; • retroactive rate adjustments and recoupment efforts; • recovery of program overpayments or set-offs; • federal, state, and local litigation and enforcement actions, including those relating to Covid and the failure to satisfy the terms and conditions of financial relief; • administrative proceedings; • policy interpretations; • payment or other delays by fiscal intermediaries or carriers; • government funding restrictions (at a program level or with respect to specific properties); • reduced reimbursement rates under managed care contracts; • changes in reimbursement rates, methods, or timing under governmental reimbursement programs, including changes that impact state reimbursement programs, particularly Medicaid reimbursement and managed care payments; • pre- and post-payment reviews and audits by governmental authorities, which could result in recoupments, denials or delay of payments; • interruption or delays in payments due to any ongoing governmental investigations and audits at such properties or due to a partial or total federal or state government shutdown for a prolonged period of time; and • reputational harm of publicly disclosed enforcement actions, audits, or investigations related to billing and reimbursements. We are unable to predict future changes to or interpretations of, or the intensity of enforcement efforts with respect to, these laws and regulations, including those that pertain to the Medicare and Medicaid programs. The failure to comply with the extensive laws, regulations, and other requirements applicable to their business and the operation of our properties could result in, among other challenges: (i) becoming ineligible to receive reimbursement from governmental reimbursement programs or being compelled to repay amounts received; (ii) becoming subject to prepayment reviews or claims for overpayments; (iii) moratoriums on admissions of new patients or residents; (iv) civil or criminal penalties; and (v) significant operational changes, including requirements to increase staffing or the scope of care given to residents. These laws and regulations are enforced by a variety of federal, state, and local agencies and can also be enforced by private litigants through, among other things, federal and state false claims acts, which allow private litigants to bring qui tam or “whistleblower” actions. Any changes in the regulatory framework or the intensity or extent of governmental or private enforcement actions could have a material adverse effect on our tenants, operators, borrowers, and/or assets. 21 Table of Contents In addition, the patient driven payment model utilized by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to calculate reimbursement rates for patients in skilled nursing properties (which is among the unit types in our life plan communities) could result in decreases in payments to our operators and tenants or increase our operators’ and tenants’ costs. We cannot make any assessment as to the ultimate timing or the effect that any future changes may have on our tenants’, operators’, and borrowers’ costs of doing business, or the cost of doing business for or the assets owned in our senior housing segment, and on the amount of reimbursement by government and other third-party payors. Any significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed, reductions in reimbursement rates and fees, or increases in provider or similar types of taxes, could materially adversely affect their ability to meet their financial and contractual obligations to us. Economic conditions, natural disasters, weather, and other events or conditions that negatively affect geographic areas where we have concentrated investments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We are subject to increased exposure to adverse conditions affecting the geographies in which our properties are located, including: (i) downturns in local economies or increases in unemployment rates; (ii) changes in local real estate conditions, including increases in real estate taxes and property insurance premiums; (iii) increased competition; (iv) decreased demand; (v) changes in political administrations, or federal, state, and local legislation, including changes affecting business or property taxes; (vi) local climate events and natural disasters and other catastrophic events, such as pandemics, earthquakes, hurricanes, windstorms, flooding, wildfires, and mudslides and other physical climate risks, including water stress and heat stress; and (vii) failures of regional banks. These risks could significantly disrupt our businesses in the region, harm our ability to compete effectively, result in increased costs or construction delays, and divert management attention, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, significant climate changes in areas where we own property could result in extreme weather and 
[...TRUNCATED...]