TICKER=DPZ|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/DPZ_2026-02-23.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk F actors. For a business as large and globally diverse as Domino’s, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. In addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the description of these operations and the financial results of these operations elsewhere in this report and our other filings with the SEC, we believe the most significant risk factors affecting our business include the following: Business, Operational and Industry Risks The quick service restaurant (“QSR”) pizza category and the food service and food delivery markets in general are highly competitive and such competition could adversely affect our operating results. In the U.S., we compete primarily against national chains Pizza Hut ® , Papa John’s ® and Little Caesars Pizza ® as well as regional, independent and local establishments. Internationally, we compete primarily with Pizza Hut ® , Papa John’s ® and country-specific national, regional and independent or local companies. We have and may continue to experience increased competition from existing or new companies in the delivery and carryout pizza categories, in addition to competition from order and delivery aggregators and other players both in the pizza category and more broadly, that may create further pressures to grow our business in order to maintain our market share. Competition for both customers and drivers from these order and delivery aggregators and other food delivery services has substantially increased as order and delivery aggregators have grown in size and scale and have diversified the food offerings available for delivery. Additionally, we face competition from supermarkets and meal kit and food delivery providers, with the proliferation of prepared food and meal kit offerings, expansion in meal delivery platforms and services and the trend towards convergence in grocery, deli, retail and restaurant services. We also compete more broadly with QSRs and other international, national, regional and independent or local restaurants. The overall food service market, food delivery market and the QSR market are intensely competitive with respect to food quality, price, service, image, convenience and concept, and are often affected by changes in: • consumer tastes and perceptions; • international, national, regional or local economic conditions; • marketing, advertising and pricing, including both price increases and discounting, and publicity; • macroeconomic changes, disposable purchasing power and demographic trends; and • currency fluctuations and geopolitical considerations related to international operations. We compete within the food service market and the QSR market not only for customers, but also for management and employees, including store team members, drivers and qualified franchisees, as well as suitable real estate sites. Comparable store sales remain important in the restaurant industry and the QSR pizza category, which has historically grown on an annual basis, may not grow as quickly as other categories within the food service industry. Future sales are not possible to estimate, and it is unclear what future sales will be. Our success is also dependent in large part upon our ability to maintain and enhance the goodwill and reputation of our brand, our customers’ connection to our brand, and a positive relationship with our franchisees and the communities in which we and our franchisees operate. Our supply chain segment is also subject to competition from outside suppliers. While substantially all U.S. franchisees purchased food and other products from us and our suppliers in 2025, U.S. franchisees are not required to purchase food and other products from us, and they may choose to purchase from outside suppliers. If other suppliers who meet our qualification standards were to offer lower prices or better service to our franchisees for their ingredients and supplies and, as a result, our franchisees chose not to purchase from our U.S. supply chain centers, our financial condition, business and results of operations would be adversely affected. If we are unable to maintain our competitive position, we could experience downward pressure on prices, lower demand for products, reduced margins, loss of management or employees, reduced service levels, disruption in our supply chain, the inability to take advantage of new business opportunities, store closures and the loss of market share, all of which would have an adverse effect on our operating results and could cause our stock price to decline. 15 If we fail to successfully implement our growth strategy, which includes opening new stores and generating more sales, our ability to increase our revenues and operating profits could be adversely affected. A significant component of our Hungry for MORE growth strategy includes the opening of new U.S. (both Company-owned as well as franchised stores) and international franchised stores to generate more global retail sales and ultimately increase operating income. We may not be able to execute our strategy to achieve our planned growth targets. We and our franchisees face many challenges in opening new stores, including, among others: • construction, permitting or development delays; • employment and training of qualified personnel, including availability of store team members; • selection and availability of suitable new store sites and the ability to renew leases in quality locations; • availability and negotiation of leases and financing with acceptable terms; • securing required U.S. or foreign governmental permits, licenses and approvals; and • general economic and business conditions, including increases in food costs, build costs and labor costs or pressured consumer spending, which could impact profitability and demand for new stores. The opening of additional franchise stores also depends, in part, upon the availability of suitable prospective franchisees who meet our criteria, the ability of these franchisees to attract and retain qualified personnel and their desire to open new stores and ability to operate those stores effectively. Our failure to add new stores or closures of existing stores would impact global retail sales and adversely affect our ability to increase revenues and operating income. Additionally, our growth strategy and the success of new stores depend in large part on the availability of suitable store sites and leases. We and our franchisees are currently planning to expand our U.S. and international operations in many of the markets where we currently operate and in select new markets. This may require considerable management time as well as start-up expenses for market development before any significant revenues and earnings are generated. Operations in new markets may achieve low margins or may be unprofitable, and expansion in existing markets may be affected by local economic and market conditions. In addition, we expect to continue our strategy of building additional stores in markets and regions where we have existing stores, a strategy we refer to as “fortressing,” which may negatively impact sales at existing stores. This strategy could also result in store closures if executed too rapidly, as seen in certain international markets in recent years. Therefore, as we continue to expand, we or our franchisees may not experience the anticipated store-level profitability or gross margins, our results of operations may be negatively impacted, and our stock price may decline. Our net store growth figures could also be impacted by higher closure rates. Additionally, we have an equity investment in DPC Dash Ltd (“DPC Dash”), as further discussed elsewhere in this report. Through its subsidiaries, DPC Dash serves as the Company’s master franchisee in China that owns and operates Domino’s Pizza stores in that market. These types of investments are inherently risky. If DPC Dash does not succeed or is unable to successfully execute its growth strategy, we could lose some or all of our investment value. As part of our growth strategy, we may decide to increase or decrease the number of Company-owned stores, either by refranchising existing Company-owned stores or by purchasing existing franchised stores, as we have done in the past. Our failure to successfully execute these transactions could have an adverse effect on our operating results and could cause our stock price to decline. Another component of our growth strategy also involves our ongoing participation on the third-party aggregator marketplace. This avenue for sales may ultimately prove to be unsuccessful and sales or the potential size of this opportunity may not meet our expectations. Our presence on the aggregator marketplace also introduces us to additional risks and uncertainties including the risk that orders on this marketplace may not have the same level of store-level profitability as orders through our owned channels. Our operating results and stock price may be adversely affected if we are not successful on aggregator platforms. Increases in food, labor and other costs, labor shortages or negative economic conditions could adversely affect our profitability and operating results. In recent years, there have been and may continue to be significant increases in food costs and labor costs, which have impacted and could further impact our profitability and that of our franchisees and which could impact the opening of new U.S. and international franchised stores, lead to store closures, negatively impact sales and adversely affect our operating results. Economic conditions, including the inflationary and cost pressures seen in recent years, may also impact the discretionary purchasing power of our customers, especially customers with less disposable income or for whom discretionary spending represents a smaller portion of their disposable income, resulting in decreased demand for our products. Matters having a broad global economic impact may also significantly impact particular costs, such as the impact of geopolitical conflict on our and our international master franchisees’ transportation and energy costs. 16 Health epidemics or pandemics have in the past and may in the future impact macroeconomic conditions, consumer behavior, labor availability and supply chain management, as well as local operations in impacted markets. Labor shortages and increased turnover rates for our team members and those of our franchisees in past years have led to and could in the future lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain team members and could negatively affect our and our franchisees’ ability to efficiently operate our respective businesses and result in a negative impact on service and customer experience. Factors such as inflation, increased food costs, increased labor and employee health and benefit costs, increased rent costs, increased transportation costs, increased insurance costs and increased energy costs may adversely affect our operating costs and profitability and those of our franchisees and could result in menu price increases, which could impact consumer demand. An economic environment characterized by high unemployment, high interest rates, cautious consumer spending, or changes in consumer practices due to a possible recession could also impact consumer spending or demand and our operating results. Most of the factors affecting costs are beyond our control and, in many cases, we may not be able to pass along these increased costs to our customers or franchisees and to the extent we were to raise menu prices to offset these costs, could result in decreased consumer demand, sales and profitability. Most ingredients used in our pizza, particularly cheese, are subject to significant price fluctuations as a result of seasonality, weather, demand and other factors and we have experienced increased volatility in prices for some ingredients in recent years. Cheese, in particular, is a significant cost to us, representing approximately 25% of the food basket purchased by our Company-owned stores. Additionally, while we strive to engage in a competitive bidding process for our ingredients, because certain of these ingredients, including meat products, may only be available from a limited number of vendors, we may not always be able to do so effectively. Furthermore, if we need to seek new suppliers, including as a result of expiration of existing supply agreements, we may be subject to pricing or other terms less favorable to us than those reflected in our current supply arrangements. Labor costs are largely a function of the minimum wage for a majority of our and our franchisees’ store personnel and certain supply chain center personnel and, generally, are also a function of the availability of labor. In addition to the increases in labor costs described above, several jurisdictions in which we and our franchisees operate, including California, have recently approved minimum wage increases. Federal, state and local proposals that increase minimum wage requirements or mandate other employee matters could, to the extent implemented, materially increase labor, compliance and other costs. As more jurisdictions implement minimum wage increases, we expect that labor costs will continue to increase. These increased labor costs at Company-owned and franchised restaurants could impact their profitability and the desire to open new stores or renew the franchise agreements for existing stores and result in additional price increases, which could impact demand for our products or lead to operational changes. Further, these changes could prompt similar legislation in other states or localities. The advent of legislation aimed at predictive scheduling may impact labor for our stores and our franchisees’ stores. Additionally, certain employees of other companies in our industry have recently become unionized in the U.S. If a significant portion of our or our franchisees’ employees were to become unionized, our and our franchisees’ labor costs could increase and our business could be negatively affected by other union requirements that increase costs, disrupt our business, reduce flexibility and impact employee culture. Further, our responses to any union organizing efforts could negatively impact how our brand is perceived. Labor costs and food costs, including cheese, generally represent approximately 55% to 65% of the sales at a typical Company-owned store. Shortages, interruptions or disruptions in the supply or delivery of fresh food products and store equipment could adversely affect our operating results. We and our franchisees are dependent on frequent deliveries of food products that meet our specifications as well as adequate supply of store equipment. We have single suppliers or a limited number of suppliers for certain of our ingredients, including pizza cheese and meat toppings. While we believe there are adequate reserve quantities and potential alternative suppliers, shortages, interruptions, or disruptions in the supply of food products and store equipment caused by increased demand, capacity constraints, expiration of existing agreements, problems in production or distribution, product recalls, financial or other difficulties of suppliers, inclement weather or other conditions could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of ingredients and equipment. We have in the past experienced disruptions within our supply chain resulting from, among other things, capacity, volume, systems, staffing, operational challenges and center interruptions and may experience such supply chain disruptions again in the future, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operational results. Additionally, the effects of climate change could increase the frequency and duration of weather impacts on our operations and could adversely affect our operating results. 17 The food service market is affected by consumer preferences and perceptions. Changes in these preferences and perceptions may reduce the demand for our products, which would reduce sales and harm our business. Food service businesses are affected by changes in consumer tastes, international, national, regional and local economic conditions, marketing, advertising, pricing, dietary and demographic trends. For instance, if prevailing regulatory guidance, health or dietary preferences cause consumers to avoid pizza and other products we offer in favor of foods that are perceived as healthier, or consumers shift away from delivery or carryout food, our business and operating results would be harmed. Moreover, because we are primarily dependent on a single product, if consumer demand for pizza should decrease, our business would suffer more than if we had a more diversified menu and the QSR pizza category may also not grow as quickly as other categories within the food service industry. Consumer preferences and demand for certain foods including pizza could also shift as a result of the increased use of prescription weight-loss therapies, including GLP-1 agonists and other related drugs. The preferences of customers also may change as a result of advances in technology or alternative delivery methods or channels as well as geopolitical considerations. If we are not able to respond to these changes, or our competitors respond to these changes more effectively than us, our operating results could be adversely affected. Reports of product contamination, food-borne illness or food tampering or other events which may impact our reputation may reduce sales and harm our business. Reports, whether true or not, of product contamination, food-borne illnesses and injuries caused by food tampering have in the past severely injured the reputations and operating results of participants in the QSR market and could in the future as well. These events could occur both at the store and supply chain center levels. If such an event were to occur, we may not be able to respond to it quickly and effectively. The potential for disruptions affecting our global food supply also exists and, if such an event occurs, could have a negative impact on us and could severely hurt sales and profits. In addition, our reputation is an important asset; as a result, anything that damages our reputation could immediately and severely affect our sales and profits. Further, a boycott or other campaign critical of us, whether domestic or international, through social media or otherwise, could negatively impact our brand’s reputation and, consequently, sales. Media reports of product contamination, illnesses and injuries, whether accurate or not, could force some stores to close or otherwise reduce sales at such stores. Moreover, as further described below, social media and the rise of artificial intelligence-generated content has dramatically increased the rate at which negative publicity, including as it relates to food-borne illness, can be disseminated before there is any meaningful opportunity to respond to or address an issue. Even reports of food-borne illnesses or food tampering occurring solely at the restaurants of competitors could, by resulting in negative publicity about the restaurant industry in general, adversely affect us on a local, regional, national or international basis. Our international operations expose us to further risk as our master franchisees are responsible for obtaining their own supply of food and equipment, subject to their compliance with our quality standards. A decrease in sales due to these health concerns, any negative publicity or as a result of the closure of any Domino’s stores stemming from these matters could adversely affect our results of operations. We do not have long-term contracts with certain of our suppliers, or have contracts which are set to expire, and as a result they could seek to significantly increase prices or fail to deliver. We do not have long-term contracts or arrangements, or have contracts which are set to expire, with certain of our suppliers. Although in the past we have not experienced significant problems with our suppliers, our suppliers may implement significant price increases or may not meet our requirements, including those that may result from increases in volume, in a timely fashion or at all. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the ability of our supply chain centers to deliver necessary products to our stores and those of our franchisees and on our results of operations. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of any of our dough manufacturing and supply chain centers could harm our business. In the U.S., we operate 22 regional dough manufacturing and supply chain centers, two thin crust manufacturing facilities and one vegetable processing center to our U.S. and certain international stores. We also operate five dough manufacturing and supply chain centers in Canada. We plan to continue investing in supply chain productivity initiatives in the future. Our U.S. dough manufacturing and supply chain centers service all of our Company-owned and substantially all of our U.S. franchise stores. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of any of these facilities, whether due to technical, systems, operational or labor difficulties, destruction or damage to the facility, real estate issues, limited capacity or other reasons, or our failure to successfully increase capacity and open new centers, have in the past and in the future could adversely affect our business and operating results. 18 Our international operations subject us to additional risk. Such risks and costs may differ in each country in which we and our franchisees do business and may cause our profitability to decline due to increased costs. We conduct a significant and growing portion of our business outside the U.S. Our financial condition and results of operations have at times been and may in the future be adversely affected if global markets in which our franchised stores compete are affected by changes in political, economic or other factors. These factors, many over which neither we nor our master franchisees have control, may include both internal and external factors including: • recessionary or expansive trends in international markets and global markets and economic downturns; • changing labor conditions and difficulties in staffing and managing our foreign operations; • increases in the taxes we pay and other changes in applicable tax laws both in the U.S. and globally; • tariffs and trade barriers or foreign policy changes; • legal and regulatory changes, and the burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws; • changes in inflation rates or foreign exchange rates and the imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds; • ongoing and new relationships between our master franchisees and order and delivery aggregators our master franchisees may partner with internationally and the success of those aggregators and relationships; • difficulty in collecting our royalties and longer payment cycles; • expropriation of private enterprises; • the inherent risk of doing business in China resulting from our equity investment in DPC Dash; • national and international conflicts, sanctions, acts of war or terrorist acts; • increases in anti-American sentiment and the identification of Domino’s as an American brand, including those seen as a result of global geopolitical tensions and further escalations and the impact thereof; and • political and economic instability and uncertainty around the world and related geopolitical risk. Additionally, an increase in tariffs and any similar or retaliatory tariffs or trade policies could disrupt and increase the costs of our supply chains and those of our master franchisees in relation to certain products that we and they source internationally. Our earnings and business growth strategies depend on the success of our franchisees, and we may be harmed by actions taken by our franchisees, or employees of our franchisees, which are outside of our control. A significant portion of our earnings comes from royalties and fees generated by our franchise stores. Franchisees are independent operators, and their employees are not our employees. We provide tools that franchisees can consider using in training their employees, but the quality of franchise store operations and our brand and branded products may be diminished by numerous factors beyond our control. Consequently, franchisees may not operate stores in a manner consistent with our standards and requirements or they or their employees may take other actions that adversely affect the value of our brand and harm our business and reputation. Our success also depends in part on continuing positive relationships with our franchisees (and positive relationships between our international master franchisees and their corresponding sub-franchisees) and if those relationships were to deteriorate, our revenues and stock price could decline. While we try to ensure that franchisees maintain the quality of the Domino’s brand and branded products and comply with their franchise agreements, franchisees may take actions that adversely affect the value of our intellectual property or reputation or that are inconsistent with their contractual obligations. Although our franchise arrangements permit the applicable franchisor to terminate a franchise agreement in certain circumstances, including the failure by franchisees to uphold product or operating standards, there is no assurance that such remedy will be available or sufficient to prevent harm to our brand and protect our intellectual property. As of December 28, 2025, we had 754 independent U.S. franchisees operating 6,924 U.S. franchise stores. As of that same date, 24 of these franchisees each owned and operated more than 50 stores, including our largest U.S. franchisee who owned and operated 160 stores, and the average U.S. franchisee owned and operated approximately nine stores. Our international master franchisees are generally responsible for the development of significantly more stores than our U.S. franchisees. As a result, our international operations are more closely tied to the success of a smaller number of franchisees than our U.S. operations. As of December 28, 2025, our largest international master franchisee operated 3,524 stores in 12 international markets, which accounted for approximately 24% of our international store count. Our U.S. and international franchisees may not operate their franchises successfully. If one or more of our key franchisees were to be unsuccessful, become insolvent or otherwise were unable or unwilling to pay us our royalties or other amounts owed, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected. 19 If we were to be unable or fail to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the accelerated impact of social media and/or generative artificial intelligence (“AI”) or become the subject of a boycott, our business could be adversely impacted. The use of social media platforms and other consumer-oriented technologies, including generative AI, has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination and given users the ability to more effectively organize collective actions such as boycotts and other brand-damaging behaviors. Negative publicity related to our brand, products, operations, or stores or related to our operations or actions by our executives, team members or franchisees and their team members or others perceived to be associated with our brand could harm our business, brand, reputation, marketing partners, financial condition and results of operations, regardless of the accuracy of such negative publicity. Failure to use or respond to social media campaigns effectively could lead to a decline in brand value and revenue. Our success depends in part upon effective advertising, and lower advertising funds may reduce our ability to adequately market the Domino’s Pizza brand. We have been routinely named a Leading National Advertiser by Advertising Age and our success depends in part on continued effective advertising. Each Domino’s store located in the U.S. is obligated to contribute 6.0% of its sales to DNAF, which uses such fees for national advertising in addition to contributions for local market-level advertising. We currently anticipate that this 6.0% obligation will remain in place for the foreseeable future, though the actual contribution rate could be lower in certain instances due to certain incentives and waivers. While additional funds for advertising in the past have been provided by us, our franchisees and other third parties, none of these additional funds are legally required. The lack of continued financial support for advertising activities or a limitation on our ability to advertise certain offers could significantly curtail our marketing efforts, which may in turn affect our business and our operating results. Loss of key employees or our inability to attract and retain new qualified employees could hurt our business and inhibit our ability to operate and grow successfully. Our success in the highly competitive pizza delivery and carryout business will continue to depend to a significant extent on our leadership team and other key management personnel. Although we have entered into employment agreements with Russell J. Weiner and Joseph H. Jordan, each of these executives may terminate his agreement on ninety days’ notice and our other executive officers may do the same. As a result, we may not be able to retain our executive officers and key personnel or attract additional qualified management. While we do not have long-term employment agreements with our executive officers, for all of our executive officers we have non-compete and non-solicitation agreements that extend for 24 months following the termination of such executive officer’s employment. Our success will also continue to depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to operate our stores, dough manufacturing and supply chain centers, corporate offices and international operations. The loss of these employees or our inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel, including general managers or other store-level team members, or our inability to adequately respond to changes in the labor market, could adversely affect our operating results. Changes we make to our current and future work environments may not meet the needs or expectations of our employees and may be perceived as less favorable compared to other companies’ policies, which could negatively impact our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel. We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brand and branded products and adversely affect our business. We depend in large part on our brand and branded products and believe that they are very important to our business. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, domain names, patents, trade secrets and similar intellectual property rights to protect our brand and branded products. The success of our business depends on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks in order to capitalize on our name recognition, increase brand awareness and further develop our branded products in both U.S. and international markets. We have registered certain trademarks and have other trademark applications pending in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Not all of the trademarks or domain names that we currently use or contemplate using have been registered in all of the countries in which we do business, and they may never be registered in all of these countries. Some countries’ laws do not protect unregistered trademarks at all, or make them more difficult to enforce, and third parties may have filed for “Domino’s” or similar marks in countries where Domino’s has not registered its brand for reasons including lack of presence by the brand where actual use is required to obtain trademark registration. 20 In addition, certain countries have use requirements to maintain a trademark registration. In those countries where we do not currently operate but have registered trademarks, we may be unable to renew those registrations when they expire due to non-use. Accordingly, we may not be able to adequately protect our trademarks everywhere in the world and our use of these trademarks may result in liability for trademark infringement, trademark dilution or unfair competition. All of the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property globally may not be adequate. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. We may, from time to time, be required to institute or defend litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, or to protect our trade secrets. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could negatively affect our sales, profitability and prospects regardless of whether we are able to successfully enforce our rights. The occurrence of cyber incidents, or a deficiency in cybersecurity, could negatively impact our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of confidential information, or damage to our employee and business relationships, any of which could subject us to loss and harm our brand. A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of information resources. More specifically, a cyber incident is an intentional attack or an unintentional event that can include gaining unauthorized access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential information about customers, franchisees, suppliers or employees. Many retailers and other companies have recently experienced serious cyber incidents and breaches of their information technology systems. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our systems, both internal and those we have outsourced, and we may further be negatively impacted to the extent outdated or legacy systems cease to function appropriately. We have in the past been and in the future may also be subject to negative impacts to our business caused by cyber incidents relating to our third-party service providers or the service providers of those third parties or our franchisees. The primary risks that could directly result from the occurrence of a cyber incident include operational interruption, damage to our relationships with customers, franchisees and employees, private data exposure, including payment card or other financial data, publicity impact and regulatory fines. In addition to maintaining insurance coverage to address cyber incidents, we have also implemented processes, procedures and controls to help mitigate these risks. The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by others, including by our service providers and these measures, as well as our increased awareness of the risk of a cyber incident, do not guarantee that our reputation and financial results will not be materially and adversely affected by such an incident. Our business continuation or disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that could result from such disaster or disruption, and insurance and other safeguards may only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all. The continued rise in AI technologies may intensify our cybersecurity risks. We depend on the performance of suppliers, aggregators, service providers and other third parties in our business operations. Third-party business processes we utilize include information technology, gift card authorization and processing, payment processing, benefits, and other accounting and business services. The failure of our suppliers, aggregators, service providers and other third parties to maintain adequate controls or comply with our expectations and standards could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our and our franchisees’ operations depend upon our ability and the ability of franchisees, third-party service providers and the service providers of those third parties (as well as franchisees’ third-party service providers and the service providers of those third parties) to protect computer equipment and systems against damage from theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure and other catastrophic or unanticipated events, as well as internal and external security incidents, viruses, denial-of-service attacks, phishing attacks, ransomware attacks and other intentional or unintentional disruptions. The rapid evolution and continued increased adoption of AI technologies amplifies these concerns. A significant portion of our retail sales depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems, including DOM OS, our online and mobile ordering platforms and our credit card processing systems. The failure of these systems to operate effectively, stemming from maintenance problems, upgrading or transitioning to new platforms, a compromise in our security or other unanticipated problems has at times in the past and in the future could result in interruptions to or delays in our and our franchisees’ operations, and some of our systems are not fully redundant. The occurrence of a natural disaster, intentional sabotage or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in service. Remote working could also exacerbate certain risks to our business, including an increased risk of cyber incidents and improper dissemination of personal or confidential information. 21 In addition, the implementation of technology changes and upgrades to maintain and upgrade our systems, errors or vulnerabilities in our systems, or damage to or failure of our systems, including because of systems becoming obsolete, could result in interruptions in our services and non-compliance with certain laws or regulations, which could reduce our sales, revenues and profits and damage our business and brand. Because we and our franchisees accept electronic forms of payment from customers including credit cards, our business requires the collection and retention of customer data, including sensitive financial data and other personally identifiable information in various information systems that are maintained by third parties with whom we and our franchisees contract to provide payment processing. A weakness in such third party’s systems or software products (or in the systems or software products in the service providers of those third parties) may provide a mechanism for a cyber threat. In recent years, a significant number of companies have experienced data breaches in which customer information was stolen through vendor access channels. Cyber-attacks and data breaches at a payment processing contractor could compromise confidential information or adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers. There is also a potential heightened risk of cyber security incidents as a result of geopolitical events outside of our control. These problems could negatively affect our results of operations, and remediation could result in significant, unplanned capital investments. We also maintain important internal Company data, such as personally identifiable information about our employees and franchisees and information relating to our operations. In addition, more than 85% of our U.S. retail sales in 2025 were derived from digital channels, primarily through our online ordering website and mobile applications, where customers enter personally identifiable information that we retain. Our use and retention of personally identifiable information is regulated by foreign, federal and state laws and regulations, as well as by certain third-party agreements. For example, the State of California has adopted the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, an amendment to the California Consumer Privacy Act, and numerous other states have adopted similar comprehensive data protection laws, which may require companies to change their practices for handling of personal data, including allowing consumers to request that we delete certain personal data. In addition, the State of New York promulgated the New York SHIELD Act, like laws in several other states, which imposes obligations on businesses to implement physical, administrative and technical security measures to protect personal data. As privacy and information security laws and regulations change, we may incur additional costs aimed at ensuring that we are in compliance with those laws and regulations, and our current and future planned uses of personal and other data may be adversely affected by future adopted privacy and information security laws, regulations and rulings. If our security and information systems are compromised or if we, our employees or franchisees fail to comply with these laws, regulations or contract terms, or to successfully implement processes related to requirements, laws and regulations governing cyber incidents, it could require us to notify customers, employees or other groups. This could result in adverse publicity, loss of sales and cash flows, increased fees payable to third parties and fines, penalties or remediation and other costs that could adversely affect our reputation, business and results of operations. Any other material disruption or other adverse event affecting one or more of our digital ordering platforms, including, for instance, power loss, technological or systems failures, user error or cyber-attacks, could similarly result in adverse publicity, loss of sales and cash flows and other costs, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our reputation, business and results of operations. We cannot predict the impact that new or improved technologies, alternative methods of delivery or changes in consumer or employee behavior facilitated by these technologies and alternative methods of delivery will have on our business. Advances in technologies or alternative methods of delivery, including advances in digital ordering technology and autonomous vehicle delivery, or certain changes in consumer behavior driven by these or other technologies and methods of delivery could have a negative effect on our business and market position. Moreover, technology and consumer offerings continue to develop, and we expect that new or enhanced technologies and consumer offerings will be available in the future. We may pursue certain of those technologies and consumer offerings if we believe they offer a sustainable customer proposition and can be successfully integrated into our business model. However, we cannot predict consumer acceptance of these delivery channels or their impact on our business. We may incorporate traditional and generative AI solutions into our business, and these solutions may become important in our operations over time. The use of these AI solutions may expose us to additional risks and expenses, including, for example, if we were to incorporate AI technologies which we become dependent on or fail to adopt AI in a timely or effective manner. 22 In addition, our competitors, some of whom have greater resources than we do, may be able to benefit more from changes in technologies or consumer acceptance of alternative methods of delivery. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully respond to changing consumer preferences, including with respect to new technologies and alternative methods of delivery, or to effectively adjust our product mix, service offerings, and marketing and merchandising initiatives for products and services that address, and anticipate advances in, technology and market trends. Alternative methods of delivery may also impact the potential labor pool from which we recruit our delivery drivers and could reduce the available supply of labor. If we are not able to successfully respond to these challenges, our business could be materially and adversely affected. We are subject to a variety of additional risks associated with our franchise system and franchisees. Our franchise system subjects us to a number of additional risks, any one of which may impact our ability to collect royalty payments and fees from our franchisees, may harm the goodwill associated with our brand, and/or may materially and adversely impact our business and results of operations. Such risks may also apply to us as owners of stores. These risks include, but
[...TRUNCATED...]