TICKER=DTEGF|YEAR=2024|CAT=eu|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat3-european/DTEGF/annual-text/2024.txt
risk factors, we contacted the particularly at-risk direct suppliers in the
        reporting year to inform them about our human rights and environment-related expectations. This serves to raise awareness and may
        prevent risks and human rights violations.

        In addition, we focused in particular on areas that we can influence or that are directly related to our core business, such as
        manufacturing products for our own brands, e.g., T Phone and T Tablet. To reduce the risk of raw materials from conflict and high-risk
        regions being used, we analyze these products once a year, for example, to determine whether they contain raw materials from
        conflict regions and the proportion of raw materials from certified smelters. The intention here is to prevent or mitigate adverse
        impacts on the working conditions and other work-related rights of workers in the extraction of raw materials and at the production
        facilities of direct suppliers. Regardless of whether they are our own or third-party brand products, our technical requirements for
        mobile devices stipulate that conflict minerals must not be used. If this is not possible for technical reasons, we require our suppliers
        to make the mineral supply chain transparent by using the Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (CMRT) developed by the
        Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI). We also expect them to furnish on request all supporting documents evidencing due diligence
        actions on their part.

        As part of our regular quality audits at production facilities, we have also been assessing LkSG-related aspects since early 2025. Any
        identified violations of the LkSG are included in the audit report and eliminated through corrective action, similar to quality
        deficiencies. The objective is to reinforce quality assurance at suppliers and effectively minimize work-related health and safety risks.

        The annual audits conducted as part of the JAC initiative are also designed to minimize and prevent negative impacts on working
        conditions at the production facilities of suppliers from our industry. We also include suppliers at lower levels of the supply chain that
        produce or offer hardware for information and communication technology (ICT). As many of the suppliers audited have their
        production facilities in Asia, the audits primarily happen there.

        In the reporting year, we continued to concentrate on developing and implementing specific risk mitigation measures in a JAC working
        group, particularly in connection with working conditions at the locations of ICT suppliers. These actions include measures such as
        close collaboration with suppliers and the creation of greater transparency in the ICT supply chain. Through our involvement in
        networks and associations, such as the UN Global Compact, econsense, and the Global enabling Sustainability Initiative (GeSI), we
        also want to help ensure that the ICT industry does a better job of implementing sustainability requirements in the global supply chain
        over the long term. That is why we exchange information on best practices and pool resources for improving labor standards as part of
        the initiatives.

        U.S. law requires companies to conduct due diligence on the source of conflict minerals necessary to the functionality or production of
        products that they manufacture or contract to manufacture. The T‑Mobile US Responsible Sourcing Policy outlines that suppliers must
        source conflict minerals responsibly, either from recycled or scrap sources or from smelters or refiners that have completed, or have
        demonstrated progress toward, completing an audit by a recognized third-party verification program. Suppliers are required to
        conduct their own due diligence into the source and chain of custody of any conflict mineral used in products or components supplied
        to T‑Mobile US. They must provide full transparency of the mineral supply chain, using a verifiable traceability system such as the RMI
        Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (CMRT). Additionally, suppliers are expected to adopt a conflict minerals policy and supplier due
        diligence practices.

        The actions we take in the field of civil engineering works in Germany are geared towards construction site employees and their
        managers in the upstream value chain and also towards our own workforce on the construction sites.

        To mitigate negative impacts on workers in this connection in the fiber-optic build-out in Germany, we have defined special
        contractual terms for our business partners in this industry. These include, for example, the stipulation that as a rule work may not be
        subcontracted from subcontractor to sub-subcontractor. This clause helps to avoid complex subcontracting chains that can increase
        the risk of human rights violations. In addition, safety and health inspectors monitor mandatory compliance with occupational safety
        and environmental protection regulations during construction site inspections, using a set of guidelines that has been aligned with the
        LkSG requirements since 2024. Moreover, we audit civil engineering suppliers and have also been factoring the LkSG requirements
        into these audits since 2024.




                                                                                                 Deutsche Telekom. The 2025 financial year.     159
To our shareholders   Combined management report     Consolidated financial statements   Notes   Additional information                       q ) / =


        We address our direct German-speaking civil engineering suppliers through an informational bulletin published on our website in
        2024. In this we draw their attention to their obligation to contractually ensure that employment contracts are drawn up and that
        workers in the upstream value chain, especially migrant workers, are able to understand the text of the contract. In addition, when
        subcontracting, we expect compliance with fundamental labor law standards, such as fair pay, occupational safety, and decent
        working conditions. T‑Mobile US addresses potential negative impacts on workers in the upstream value chain through a
        comprehensive Vendor Safety Program. This formulates requirements for external service providers in high-risk areas such as
        construction and installation and has their safety practices and performance assessed by independent third parties. In this way, the
        company contributes to the consideration of human rights and occupational health and safety standards in the supply chain.

        Deutsche Telekom (excluding T‑Mobile US) also directly addresses its own civil engineering employees and aims to raise their
        awareness of human rights-related risks in civil engineering, for example with a web-based training course introduced in 2024, which
        was again offered in the reporting year. This specifically increased our employees’ ability to identify human rights-related risks at
        construction site visits early on and report them over the established reporting channels.

        In the reporting year, Deutsche Telekom excluding T‑Mobile US identified isolated cases of actual negative impacts on working
        conditions at suppliers’ production facilities and in the area of civil engineering in Germany. Specifically, we identified violations of
        regulations concerning the health and safety of workers and the payment of an adequate living wage. To counteract these grievances,
        we instigated targeted awareness-raising measures between general contractors and subcontractors, clarifying responsibilities and
        human rights standards. Furthermore, when suspicions are confirmed, we endeavor to seek remediation from the supplier concerned
        to the best of our ability and as far as the law allows.

        As an overarching action in connection with our own practices, we have incorporated, e.g., the LkSG obligations into the procurement
        policy and the general purchasing terms and conditions for suppliers of Deutsche Telekom. The procurement policy also emphasizes
        the importance of sustainability in procurement. Furthermore, our procurement employees are continuously informed about the
        LkSG requirements through mandatory training courses so that they can comply with them. Where possible, we track the attendance
        rate to monitor the effectiveness of this action. We have also published a web-based training course for suppliers on
        Deutsche Telekom’s website.

        When selecting suppliers, we attach great importance to ensuring that our suppliers are familiar with our sustainability requirements
        as set out in the Supplier Code of Conduct. As part of the selection process, we also review the risk status of selected suppliers,
        including by using external data. An excessively high risk status may result in no order being placed or no contract being entered into.
        In the course of tenders, we also weight sustainability criteria alongside quality and cost criteria, wherever possible. These include our
        suppliers’ carbon emissions and respect for human rights. This additionally creates a strong incentive for suppliers to give
        sustainability matters greater consideration in business activities, products and services.

        We review the effectiveness of the above-mentioned actions once a year or on an ad hoc basis as part of the LkSG risk process. We do
        this by evaluating predefined metrics that we developed when we drafted the individual actions. The results of the effectiveness
        assessment of the actions are presented to the LkSG Risk Board.

        It is not possible to allocate human and financial resources for the management of the described measures with any degree of
        accuracy due to the complexity of our activities. As a rule, all actions are implemented using the budgets of the individual units and
        normally do not require significant operating or capital expenditure. We provide information on the monitoring of our LkSG
        management system in the section “ESRS S2‑1.”

        Targets
        ESRS S2‑5 – Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks and
        opportunities
        We monitor the effectiveness of our policies and actions related to the improvement of working conditions, equal treatment and equal
        opportunities, and other work-related rights in the upstream value chain through the LkSG risk process described in this topical
        standard. Processes have been established to continuously monitor compliance with T‑Mobile US’s Human Rights Statement and
        Supplier Code of Conduct. TellMe and Integrity Line are used to record violations of supplier requirements. Over and above this, we
        have not defined any specific time-bound or outcome-based targets that apply to the entire Group.




                                                                                                 Deutsche Telekom. The 2025 financial year.      160
To our shareholders   Combined management report         Consolidated financial statements        Notes      Additional information                       q ) / =


        ESRS S4 – Consumers and end-users
        The internet has evolved into an indispensable part of our daily social lives. Despite the numerous advantages that digitalization
        brings, there are still people who face challenges in fully participating in the digital world. We are committed to ensuring that
        everyone has an opportunity to take part in the digital world. For us, this also includes protecting the rights of consumers and end-
        users – especially children and young people – as well as enabling assistance in emergency situations as part of the ongoing network
        build-out. We also address the protection of our customers’ data and health concerns related to the mobile network build-out. We
        always align our actions with the challenges and requirements of the countries where we operate. The topics are therefore mainly
        managed locally.

        The following index shows the disclosure requirements relating to the topical standard “Consumers and end-users” identified by the
        materiality assessment.

        ESRS index under ESRS 2 IRO-2

        Disclosure
        requirement            Name with reference
        ESRS S4 – Consumers and end-users
        ESRS 2 SBM-2 S4        Interests and views of stakeholders
        ESRS 2 SBM-3 S4        Material impacts, risks, and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model
                               (use of phase-in option for ESRS 2 SBM-3 para. 48e)
        ESRS S4‑1              Policies related to consumers and end-users
        ESRS S4‑2              Processes for engaging with consumers and end-users about impacts
        ESRS S4‑3              Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for consumers and end-users to raise concerns
        ESRS S4‑4              Taking action on material impacts on consumers and end-users, and approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material
                               opportunities related to consumers and end-users, and effectiveness of those actions
        ESRS S4‑5              Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities


        Strategy
        ESRS 2 SBM-3 S4 – Material impacts, risks, and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model
        In our double materiality assessment, we considered possible impacts, risks, and opportunities related to consumers and end-users.
        The table below shows the material impacts of our business activities on society and the environment that we identified in the
        process.

          We provide overarching information on how material impacts, risks, and opportunities interact with our strategy and business model
          in the section “ESRS 2 SBM-3.”




                                                                                                             Deutsche Telekom. The 2025 financial year.           161
To our shareholders    Combined management report        Consolidated financial statements       Notes       Additional information                          q ) / =




        Value chain/
        Reference to business
        model/strategy             Nature of impacts      Description
        Information-related impacts for consumers and/or end-users
        Downstream/                Positive               The ongoing build-out of Deutsche Telekom’s network infrastructure facilitates access to information. The
        Impacts based on the       (actual/short-term:    ability to share opinions with a wider audience has a fundamentally positive impact on the exercise of the
        business model             <1 year)               right to freedom of expression. The network build-out will thus also help to ensure that all people have
                                                          equal opportunities to be a part of the digital society.
        Personal safety of consumers and/or end-users
        Downstream/                Positive               The ongoing network build-out is making it easier to provide assistance in emergency situations.
        Impacts based on the       (actual/short-term:    Improved positioning options have a positive impact on the security of persons – even in remote areas.
        business model             <1 year)
        Downstream/                Negative               Easier access to the internet also exposes children in particular to risks, making the protection of children
        Impacts connected with     (actual/short-term:    more difficult.
        the business model         <1 year)
        Social inclusion of consumers and/or end-users
        Downstream/                Positive               Through the services it provides and the ongoing network build-out, Deutsche Telekom creates the basis
        Impacts based on the       (actual/short-term:    for digital inclusion and actively promotes social inclusion. A variety of complementary measures serve,
        business model             <1 year)               for example, to increase media literacy and promote accessibility and non-discrimination. These will
                                                          continue to support equal access to digital products and services going forward and allow people from
                                                          all generations to actively participate in digital society. Company-specific metrics such as the Community
                                                          Contribution – Digital Society and Beneficiaries – Digital Society ESG KPIs reflect the involvement in
                                                          these initiatives and the progress made.
        Downstream/                Positive               Deutsche Telekom reinforces social inclusion among consumers and end-users through responsible
        Impacts based on the       (actual/short-term:    marketing practices in the digital world. Initiatives such as No Hate Speech and targeted use of marketing
        business model             <1 year)               budgets for raising awareness of social issues also help to promote nondiscrimination and inclusion.


        The following overview illustrates Deutsche Telekom’s material risks and their financial effects on our financial position, financial
        performance, and cash flows.

          For further information on risks and opportunities that represent a top risk or top opportunity in the next two years, please refer to
          the section “Risk and opportunity management.”




        Value chain                Risk/opportunity       Description
        Information-related impacts for consumers and/or end-users
        Downstream                 Risk                   Despite preventive actions and very well-established data privacy management structures, it is not
                                                          possible to categorically rule out data privacy incidents in the ICT industry because almost all data
                                                          processing/processes in the Group are relevant for data protection. This results in reputational, cost, and
                                                          sanction-related risks.
        Personal safety of consumers and/or end-users
        Downstream                 Risk                   Public debate about potential health risks posed by electromagnetic fields (EMF) emitted by mobile
                                                          devices may lead to regulatory intervention, such as in the form of mandatory labeling for devices or the
                                                          implementation of precautionary measures. This could lead to increased operating and capital
                                                          expenditure.


        Consumers and end-users who may be affected by Deutsche Telekom’s material impacts include:

           People who purchase our products or use our services that potentially negatively impact their rights to privacy, to have their
           personal data protected, to freedom of expression and to non-discrimination
           People who are particularly vulnerable to health or privacy impacts or impacts from marketing and sales strategies, such as children
           or financially vulnerable individuals

        They do not include:

           Consumers or end-users of products that are inherently harmful to people or increase risks for chronic disease
           Consumers or end-users who are dependent on accurate and accessible product- or service-related information, such as manuals
           and product labels, to avoid potentially damaging use of a product or service




                                                                                                             Deutsche Telekom. The 2025 financial year.             162
To our shareholders   Combined management report      Consolidated financial statements   Notes   Additional information                       q ) / =


        When analyzing the material financial risk in connection with data protection, we also consider the impact on Deutsche Telekom’s
        business customers.

          For information on how we have developed an understanding of how consumers and end-users with particular characteristics may
          be at greater risk of harm, see the section “ESRS 2 SBM-3 S2.”


        Impact, risk, and opportunity management
        ESRS S4‑1 – Policies related to consumers and end-users
        Information-related impacts for consumers and/or end-users (freedom of expression and access to (quality) information), personal
        safety of consumers and/or end-users (personal security), and social inclusion of consumers and/or end-users (non-discrimination
        and access to products and services, and responsible marketing practices). As a provider of digital infrastructure, we run our
        operations based on the principle of digital responsibility. As society becomes increasingly digital, we at Deutsche Telekom are making
        strenuous efforts to ensure everyone can take part in the digital world and lead their lives alongside each other on the basis of
        democratic principles. To ensure we can achieve these objectives across our Group, we have incorporated digital inclusion as a key
        topic in our CR strategy. With our approach to digital inclusion (access, affordability, and ability) and digital values, we want to
        advance our material positive impacts related to access to information, freedom of expression, personal security, and social inclusion,
        and mitigate negative impacts:

           Access to state-of-the-art information technology is key to participating in the information and knowledge society (Access). That is
           why we continue to rapidly expand our infrastructure and improve transmission speeds with new, secure technology. This build-out
           is based on the goals of our Europe-wide integrated network strategy, which we use to help achieve the EU Commission’s network
           build-out targets and the Federal Government’s Digital Agenda and broadband strategy. The strategy is founded on the two pillars
           of building out mobile and fixed networks, with the focus of the former being on 5G coverage – the most powerful technology
           standard currently available. In the fixed network, we are focusing on rolling out our optical fiber to provide our customers with a
           reliable connection at gigabit speeds.
           Ensuring that products and services are affordable is also important so that people can participate equitably in the information and
           knowledge society (Affordability). We offer rate plans and equipment tailored to the financial possibilities of different consumers
           and end-users.
           We also want to develop their skills and motivation to use digital media (Ability). We view media literacy as the key to safe
           interactions with digital media and a crucial skill for our work and private lives. Our approach begins with strengthening basic skills
           in using media and extends all the way to safeguarding privacy and dealing responsibly with hate and disinformation.

        In the reporting year, we overhauled our strategic approach for advancing digital inclusion and adapted it to current social and
        technological developments. Implementation is scheduled for the coming year, with the aim of specifically refining existing actions.

        In addition, we aim to promote digital values and hence the social inclusion of consumers and end-users by developing their skills: The
        internet is supposed to be a space in which everyone can feel safe. That is why we are shaping the transition towards a positive culture
        of online debate in which we make a stand against hate speech and for civil courage online. We are working closely with NGOs toward
        that end.

        In line with Deutsche Telekom’s CR strategy, GCR develops our approach to digital inclusion and digital values. In accordance with the
        local network build-out strategy, responsibility for network build-out is decentralized and lies with the Board of Management
        departments of the Germany, Europe, and United States operating segments.

        We measure the effectiveness of our activities to advance digital inclusion with metrics such as the Community Contribution – Digital
        Society and Beneficiaries – Digital Society ESG KPIs. We also measure the reach of selected campaigns. We consider the impact
        measurement for our network build-out activities in terms of the progress we have made in network build-out.

        Personal safety of consumers and/or end-users (protection of children). Protecting our customers’ data and ensuring their safety is
        crucially important for consumer protection at Deutsche Telekom. In this context, we aim to protect children and young people in
        particular when they use digital media. Our commitment to protecting children and young people in the Germany and Europe
        operating segments is anchored in our Code of Human Rights. T‑Mobile US safeguards children’s privacy through data privacy
        practices and the services and products outlined in the company’s Children’s Privacy Notice. In line with the different country-specific
        requirements, we do not have a uniform Group-wide approach for the protection of children because the topic is managed and actions
        are monitored locally.




                                                                                                  Deutsche Telekom. The 2025 financial year.     163
To our shareholders   Combined management report    Consolidated financial statements   Notes   Additional information                       q ) / =


        We provide an age-appropriate content portfolio for children and offer information for parents and guardians to help them shield their
        children from harmful content. We implement various actions to ensure that young people acquire media skills and can interact safely
        with online content. For detailed information, please refer to our approach to digital inclusion and digital values described above.

        In addition, we collaborate closely with law enforcement authorities and NGOs as well as other partners from business, politics, and
        society to ban online content that is harmful to children and young people. In Europe, we have been committed to fighting child
        pornography on the internet since 2007. GSMA (an association representing the interests of mobile operators worldwide), of which we
        have been a member since 2008, pursues the same objectives at a global level. In view of the decentralized management and country-
        specific regulations, we have not defined any specific time-bound or outcome-oriented targets or other targets in the Group that we
        can use to measure our progress in mitigating the negative impacts associated with the protection of children.

        Information-related impacts for consumers and/or end-users (privacy). Data privacy is an important topic for Deutsche Telekom. We
        practice an active data privacy and compliance culture that we have built up over many years. Data privacy forms the basis for
        countering material impacts on our customers and for preventing the material risks arising from any data privacy incidents. The Group
        companies are subject to specific data protection requirements. In the EU, for example, the General Data Protection Regulation
        (GDPR) in particular applies. These requirements must be implemented and their compliance must be monitored. Our data privacy
        management system outlines the actions, processes, and audits we use to ensure compliance with laws, regulations, and self-
        commitments to uphold data privacy. The Board of Management department for Human Resources and Legal Affairs has overarching
        responsibility for data privacy. The individual Group companies are responsible for implementation and are represented at the highest
        level by the respective management bodies. Since data privacy regulations differ in the United States, T‑Mobile US has adopted its
        own approach, which is presented at the end of this section.

        We aim to ensure lawful processing of personal data, upholding fundamental human rights. We are committed to the fundamental
        right to data protection and informational self-determination applicable in the EU and promote its global recognition. Particularly
        when developing and using artificial intelligence (AI) or other algorithm-based applications, we ensure that these comply with data
        privacy regulations and take human rights-related matters into consideration. At the same time, we work to ensure that every
        individual retains control over the use of their data. This includes providing information on how data-driven business models work and
        how, for example, our customers can exert digital sovereignty.

        Through our global data privacy organization, we are continually pursuing the objective of a transparent, high level of data protection
        in all of the Group companies. As far as legally possible, the companies of the Deutsche Telekom Group have additionally committed
        to complying with the Binding Corporate Rules Privacy policy, which are intended to ensure a uniform high level of data protection for
        our products and services in accordance with ISO 27701. Similar to the data privacy organization, we have established a security
        organization to strive for an appropriate and consistent level of security within our Group.

          For further information, please refer to the section “G-Company-specific – Policies related to cybersecurity.”


        T‑Mobile US is subject to U.S. data privacy laws. The company has appointed a Chief Privacy Officer within Legal Affairs to ensure
        compliance with these laws. Confidential handling of information and personal data is incorporated in various areas of T‑Mobile US,
        including in the T‑Mobile US Code of Business Conduct. In addition, T‑Mobile US provides its employees with annual data privacy
        training and offers role-specific training designed to help them comply with data privacy laws.

        We publish an annual Group-wide transparency report on the principles of our cooperation with law enforcement authorities. On top of
        this, we disclose the type and scope of the information we provide to security authorities in the European national companies and at
        T‑Mobile US in individual reports.




                                                                                                Deutsche Telekom. The 2025 financial year.     164
To our shareholders   Combined management report     Consolidated financial statements   Notes    Additional information                      q ) / =


        Personal safety of consumers and/or end-users (health and safety). There are public debates about potential health impacts of 5G
        and the electromagnetic fields (EMF) used by mobile communications surrounding the build-out of the 5G network. We have been
        providing information on the scientific evidence regarding mobile communications and health as well as on the statutory thresholds
        for more than 20 years now. Our collaboration with local authorities to expand the infrastructure is another focus of our
        communications.

        We want to make our mobile communications infrastructure and our products, as well as the processes on which they are based, as
        resource-efficient, secure, and safe for health as possible. The EMF principles in force throughout the Group, which we updated in
        2023, play a key role in this regard: Our EMF policy contains uniform minimum requirements for mobile communications and health
        that go far beyond the national legal requirements. It provides a mandatory framework that ensures that the topic of mobile
        communications and health is addressed in a consistent, responsible way throughout the Group, and it is based on the
        recommendations of the International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection (ICNIRP). This policy is a reflection of our
        commitment to greater transparency, information, participation, and a focus on scientific facts. All Group companies that operate
        mobile networks have accepted the EMF policy and implemented most of the required actions.

        Ultimate responsibility for mobile communications and health lies with the Board of Management department for Germany; however,
        the EMF policy is implemented decentrally by the individual Group companies, usually by top management in the technology division.
        The responsible EMF managers of the Group companies describe the relevant EMF situation in the EMF Core Team working group,
        thereby promoting the exchange of technical information. We have no other established process for monitoring the effectiveness of
        the EMF policy. We have also not set any specific time-bound or outcome-oriented or other targets for advancing and measuring
        progress in the management of material risks relating to the topic of mobile communications and health.

        Human rights policy commitments relevant to consumers and/or end-users. We are committed to respecting human rights and
        enforcing them along our supply chain. Our actions are based on the universally accepted standards and principles that we have
        defined in Deutsche Telekom’s Code of Human Rights.

        In relation to end-users and consumers, the Code of Human Rights defines principles and expectations in the context of:

           Privacy and informational self-determination
           Freedom of expression and information
           Protection of children and young people
           Mobile communications and health
           Digital responsibility and participation

        T‑Mobile US has its own Human Rights Statement, which also covers many of the same key principles and expectations as it relates to
        consumers and end-users, though does not explicitly address every aspect outlined in the Group Code of Human Rights.

        Protecting human rights also plays a key role for us in responsibly shaping technological change and digitalization – because our
        aspiration is to apply a humanistic value system in the use of our technologies. This is another reason why we include end-users and
        consumers in the formats outlined in the section “ESRS S4‑2.”

        Both Deutsche Telekom’s Code of Human Rights and the Human Rights Statement of T‑Mobile US comply with relevant internationally
        recognized instruments, such as the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. However, as our due diligence does not yet
        extend to the downstream value chain, human rights-related reports related to consumers and end-users are not systematically
        recorded. For this reason, no remedial action will be taken in the event of potential or actual negative impacts in this area. Participants
        in the downstream value chain can nevertheless use the Company’s complaints channels.

        ESRS S4‑2 – Processes for engaging with consumers and end-users about impacts
        In order to understand and address our material impacts, we engage with the interests and perspectives of end-users and consumers
        both on an ongoing basis and ad hoc, particularly in the context of the development and use of products and services and our network
        build-out plans. We do not have a procedure for directly engaging with children. That is why we involve legitimate proxies in the event
        of negative impacts on the protection of children. Consumer protection associations, NGOs, and public authorities play an important
        role in this context. Responsibility for engaging with consumers and end-users, or their legitimate representatives as well as legitimate
        proxies, is organized decentrally. We make a distinction between three inclusion formats: information, dialogue, and participation. One
        example of how the interests of consumers and end-users are already taken into account in the development process is the user
        testing of products and services (excluding T‑Mobile US). Various stakeholder groups representing different diversity dimensions are
        specifically incorporated into this process. In the reporting year, greater emphasis was placed – among other things – on persons with
        disabilities. We want our product development process to take full account of human diversity, including aspects such as different
        physical and mental abilities, age, gender, ethnic origin, and nationality. In this way, we will be able to make our products and
        processes more accessible and easier to use.


                                                                                                 Deutsche Telekom. The 2025 financial year.     165
To our shareholders   Combined management report      Consolidated financial statements   Notes    Additional information                      q ) / =


        ESRS S4‑3 – Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for consumers and end-users to raise concerns
        A variety of channels is available to consumers and end-users in all the countries where we operate to raise inquiries and complaints
        about Deutsche Telekom products or services. These include telephone hotlines, email, live-chats, and social media. In addition,
        consumers and end-users also contact Deutsche Telekom’s data protection and data security teams directly via country-specific
        channels and report cases of data misuse on the internet in connection with Deutsche Telekom’s systems. In Germany they can also
        contact us directly via a free hotline and established mailboxes if they have health-related questions about the electromagnetic
        compatibility of mobile communications infrastructure or devices, as well as their impact on the environment, or if they wish to
        express any concerns. There are no comparable channels in the European national companies and at T‑Mobile US that can be used
        explicitly for reporting complaints related to the topic of mobile communications and health. Other complaints channels are available
        for this. In the reporting year, we introduced the additional “report barrier” channel in Germany. The straightforward process allows
        users to point out barriers, thus actively helping to improve accessibility. We provide information for consumers and end-users on the
        required contact information on our website.

        We examine the reports received through the various channels mentioned above and forward them to the appropriate internal experts
        as needed. In connection with protecting our customers’ data, we assess whether the supervisory authorities and the persons affected
        must be notified and take appropriate action. We initiate mitigation measures if necessary and possible. To ensure the effectiveness of
        the process, we regularly test whether channels can be reached and evaluate customer feedback. We also monitor the number of
        reports received and use them to measure awareness and acceptance of the contact options.

          For further information on our non-financial performance indicator for customer retention/satisfaction (TRI*M index), please refer to
          the section “Management of the Group.”


          We outline our policy for protecting individuals against retaliation in the section “ESRS G1‑1.”


        ESRS S4‑4 – Taking action on material impacts on consumers and end-users, and approaches to managing material risks and
        pursuing material opportunities related to consumers and end-users, and effectiveness of those actions
        Information-related impacts for consumers and/or end-users (freedom of expression and access to (quality) information), personal
        safety of consumers and/or end-users (personal security), and social inclusion of consumers and/or end-users (access to products
        and services). We are continuously building out our network to enable technical access to it. This allows us to provide broad
        accessibility in emergency situations, improving the personal safety of consumers and end-users. To this end, we also cooperate with
        partners – especially in more remote areas. The requirements and underlying conditions are different in each of the countries in which
        we operate; taking appropriate action is the responsibility of the operating national companies.

        Our network build-out in Germany is also taking place in collaboration with other companies, for example under network sharing
        agreements with other German network operators. This is contributing to broader mobile communications coverage. However, use of
        our network infrastructure by competitors always requires a commercial agreement. In addition, through strategic partnerships we are
        helping to build out the fixed network more quickly in Germany. Similar agreements in various forms are also in place in the other
        European countries in which we operate. The US has federal interconnection and roaming agreements to promote broad and
        accessible mobile coverage across the country.

        In emergency situations, it is crucial for networks to function properly, so that emergency calls can be made and responses organized.
        In emergencies such as floods or large fires, in which network equipment is damaged to the point that mobile communications and
        fixed-network services cannot be quickly restored, our Disaster Recovery Management (DRM) comes into play. It provides mobile
        containers with communications technology, emergency power generators, and mobile radio masts to provide a replacement for the
        disrupted mobile communications and fixed-line networks. The movable masts are connected via radio relay and satellite links to
        restore mobile communications coverage within a few hours of extreme events. This allows us to quickly provide a connection to the
        network in an emergency. We also use the relay and satellite connections to quickly put regular mobile network sites (back) into
        operation if this is urgently needed and the planned or previously existing connection (e.g., in the form of optical fiber) is not yet or no
        longer available.




                                                                                                  Deutsche Telekom. The 2025 financial year.     166
To our shareholders   Combined management report    Consolidated financial statements   Notes   Additional information                       q ) / =


        The further we advance with the network build-out, the more effectively we can implement the related actions. Monitoring is
        performed decentrally in the operating segments, for example, by measuring network coverage, evaluating customer satisfaction,
        using external benchmarks, and recording the build-out obligations in connection with frequency auctions, e.g., by local regulatory
        authorities.

          For further information on our investments in network build-out, please refer to the section “Group strategy.”


        In addition, we drove forward the development of technologies and products for a range of target groups in the reporting year to make
        our products and services as accessible and non-discriminatory as possible. A key factor here was the “Design for All” guideline that
        we drafted in 2023 which aims to prevent exclusion, stigmatization, and discrimination right from the product development stage.
[...TRUNCATED...]