TICKER=DUK|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/DUK_2026-02-26.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to other disclosures within this Form 10-K, including "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Matters Impacting Future Results" for each registrant in Item 7, and other documents filed with the SEC from time to time, the following factors should be considered in evaluating Duke Energy and its subsidiaries. Such factors could affect actual results of operations and cause results to differ substantially from those currently expected or sought. Unless otherwise indicated, risk factors discussed below generally relate to risks associated with all of the Duke Energy Registrants. Risks identified at the Subsidiary Registrant level are generally applicable to Duke Energy. BUSINESS STRATEGY RISKS Duke Energy’s future results could be adversely affected if it is unable to implement its business strategy to provide reliable energy while maintaining low costs and balancing energy modernization objectives and carbon emissions reductions. Duke Energy’s results of operations depend, in significant part, on the extent to which it can implement its business strategy and goals successfully. Duke Energy is working to meet growing and evolving customer energy needs while balancing reliability, costs and other priorities including the need to modernize its fleet and the regulatory constructs. Duke Energy is subject to business, policy, regulatory, technology, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond its control and may make those objectives difficult to achieve. Federal or state policies could be enacted that restrict the availability of, and increase the costs associated with the use of, fuels or generation technologies, such as natural gas or nuclear power, that enable Duke Energy to reduce its carbon emissions. For example, Duke Energy anticipates that its nuclear stations in North Carolina and South Carolina will continue to qualify for significant tax incentives in the form of nuclear production tax credits as allowed under the IRA and OBBBA. Nuclear energy is a reliable and clean energy source and nuclear tax incentives allowed, including nuclear production tax credits, are expected to reduce the cost of the energy transition for our customers. If such nuclear production tax credits were eliminated or reduced, it could negatively impact our ability to return the anticipated cost benefits to customers. 22 RISK FACTORS Additionally, new EPA rules issued in April 2024 impose stringent GHG emission reduction standards, revised air toxic limits, and wastewater discharge limitations that may impact the achievement of carbon-reductions, and operational timeline and costs associated with certain new and existing generation. Supportive policies may be needed to facilitate the siting and cost recovery of transmission and distribution upgrades needed to accommodate the build out of new generation facilities, including large volumes of renewables and energy storage. Further, the approval of our state regulators will be necessary for the Company to continue to retire existing carbon emitting assets or make investments in new generating capacity. The Company may be constrained by the ability to procure resources or labor needed to build new generation at a reasonable price as well as to construct projects on time. In addition, new technologies that are not yet commercially available or are unproven at utility scale will likely be needed, including carbon capture and sequestration and supporting infrastructure as well as new resources capable of following electric load over long durations such as advanced nuclear, hydrogen and long-duration storage. If these technologies are not developed or are not available at reasonable prices, or if we invest in early stage technologies that are then supplanted by technological breakthroughs, Duke Energy’s ability to achieve net-zero carbon emissions from electricity generation by 2050 at a cost-effective price could be at risk. Meeting the evolving and growing energy needs of our customers will require continued operation of our existing carbon-free technologies including nuclear and renewables. The transition to and expansion of certain low-carbon resources, such as renewables without cost-effective storage, may challenge our ability to meet customer expectations of reliability and value in a carbon constrained environment, particularly as demand increases. Our nuclear fleet is central to our ability to meet these objectives and customer expectations. We are continuing our work to renew the operating licenses of the 11 reactors we operate at six nuclear stations for an additional 20 years, extending their operating lives to and beyond midcentury. Failure to receive approval from the NRC for the relicensing of any of these reactors could affect our ability to achieve net-zero carbon emissions from electricity generation by 2050. As a consequence, Duke Energy may not be able to fully implement or realize the anticipated results of its energy modernization, which may have an adverse effect on its financial condition. REGULATORY, LEGISLATIVE AND LEGAL RISKS The Duke Energy Registrants’ regulated utility revenues, earnings and results of operations are dependent on state legislation and regulation that affect electric generation, electric and natural gas transmission, distribution and related activities, which may limit their ability to recover costs. The Duke Energy Registrants’ regulated electric and natural gas utility businesses are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to statutes and regulatory commission rules and procedures of North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Ohio, Tennessee, Indiana and Kentucky. If the Duke Energy Registrants’ regulated utility earnings exceed the returns established by the state utility commissions, retail electric and natural gas rates may be subject to review and possible reduction by the commissions, which may decrease the Duke Energy Registrants’ earnings. Additionally, if regulatory or legislative bodies do not allow recovery of costs incurred in providing service, or do not do so on a timely basis, the Duke Energy Registrants’ results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be negatively impacted. Differences in regulation between jurisdictions with concurrent operations, such as North Carolina and South Carolina in Duke Energy Carolinas' and Duke Energy Progress' service territory, may also result in failure to recover costs. If legislative and regulatory structures were to evolve in such a way that the Duke Energy Registrants’ exclusive rights to serve their regulated customers were eroded, their earnings could be negatively impacted. Federal and state regulations, laws, commercialization and reduction of costs and other efforts designed to promote and expand the use of EE measures and distributed generation technologies, such as private solar and battery storage, in Duke Energy service territories could reduce recovery of fixed costs in Duke Energy service territories or result in customers leaving the electric distribution system or an increase in customer net energy metering, which allows customers with private solar to receive bill credits for surplus power up to the full retail credit amount. Over time, customer adoption of these technologies or adoption of net metering regulatory structures could result in Duke Energy not being able to fully recover the costs of its investments. State regulators have approved various mechanisms to stabilize natural gas utility margins, including margin decoupling in North Carolina and rate stabilization in South Carolina. Additionally, certain jurisdictions have established performance incentive mechanisms and revenue decoupling mechanisms for EU&I. Performance incentive mechanisms condition some portion of the respective utility's earnings on its performance on established measurable consumer, utility system or public policy outcomes. Revenue decoupling mechanisms provide periodic rate adjustments to ensure actual revenues match allowed revenues for certain customer classes. State regulators have also approved other margin stabilizing mechanisms that, for example, allow for recovery of margin losses associated with negotiated transactions designed to retain large volume customers that could use alternative fuels or that may otherwise directly access natural gas supply through their own connection to an interstate pipeline. If regulators decided to discontinue the Duke Energy Registrants' use of tariff mechanisms or other mechanisms intended to stabilize utility margins, it would negatively impact results of operations, financial position and cash flows. In addition, regulatory authorities also review whether fuel and purchased power costs are prudently incurred and can disallow the recovery of a portion of these costs that the Duke Energy Registrants seek to recover from customers, which would adversely impact earnings and cash flows. The rates that the Duke Energy Registrants’ regulated utility businesses are allowed to charge are established by state utility commissions in rate case proceedings, which may limit their ability to recover costs and earn an appropriate return on investment. The rates that the Duke Energy Registrants’ regulated utility businesses are allowed to charge significantly influences the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Duke Energy Registrants. The regulation of the rates that the regulated utility businesses charge customers is determined, in large part, by state utility commissions in rate case proceedings. Negative decisions made by these regulators, or by any court on appeal of a rate case proceeding, have, and in the future could have, a material adverse effect on the Duke Energy Registrants’ results of operations, financial position or cash flows and affect the ability of the Duke Energy Registrants to adequately recover costs on a timely basis, including an appropriate return on the significant infrastructure investments being made. 23 RISK FACTORS Increased competition and unrecovered costs could adversely affect the Duke Energy Registrants’ results of operations, financial position or cash flows and their utility businesses. Increased competition resulting from deregulation or restructuring legislation could have a significant adverse impact on the Duke Energy Registrants’ results of operations, financial position or cash flows and their utility businesses. If the retail jurisdictions served by the Duke Energy Registrants become subject to deregulation, the impairment of assets, loss of retail customers, lower profit margins or increased costs of capital, and recovery of stranded costs could have a significant adverse financial impact on the Duke Energy Registrants. Stranded costs primarily include the generation assets of the Duke Energy Registrants whose value in a competitive marketplace may be less than their current book value, as well as above-market purchased power commitments from QFs from whom the Duke Energy Registrants are legally obligated to purchase energy at an avoided cost rate under the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978. The Duke Energy Registrants cannot predict the extent and timing of entry by additional competitors into the electric markets. The Duke Energy Registrants cannot predict if or when they will be subject to changes in legislation or regulation, nor can they predict the impact of these changes on their results of operations, financial position or cash flows. The Duke Energy Registrants may also face heightened competitive pressures arising from other utilities and energy suppliers that construct or install generation facilities directly for customers, as well as from customers who develop their own generation capabilities. Additionally, the establishment of municipal utilities within Duke Energy's service territories could further intensify competition. These developments have the potential to materially and adversely affect the Duke Energy Registrants' results of operations, financial position or cash flows. The Duke Energy Registrants’ businesses are subject to extensive federal regulation and a wide variety of laws and governmental policies, including taxes and environmental regulations, that may change over time in ways that affect operations and costs. The Duke Energy Registrants are subject to regulations under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state regulations and policies, including by FERC, NRC, EPA and various other federal agencies as well as the North American Electric Reliability Corporation. Regulation affects almost every aspect of the Duke Energy Registrants’ businesses, including, among other things, their ability to: take fundamental business management actions; determine the terms and rates for services; make acquisitions; issue equity or debt securities; engage in transactions with other subsidiaries and affiliates; and pay dividends upstream to the Duke Energy Registrants. Changes to federal regulations are continuous and ongoing. There can be no assurance that laws, regulations and policies, including tax incentives and credits, will not be changed in ways that result in material modifications of business models and objectives or affect returns on investment by restricting activities and products, subjecting them to escalating costs, causing delays, or prohibiting them outright, which could have a material effect on the Duke Energy Registrants' results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Such potential changes that may have adverse consequences could include no longer allowing tax incentives and credits currently provided for under the IRA and OBBBA, including the ability to record or sell related tax credits to third parties. The Duke Energy Registrants are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations requiring significant capital expenditures that can increase the cost of operations, and which may impact or limit business plans, or cause exposure to environmental liabilities. The Duke Energy Registrants are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations affecting many aspects of their present and future operations, including CCR, air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges, solid waste and hazardous waste. For example, new EPA rules issued in April 2024, among other things, impose stringent GHG emissions limitations on existing coal plants and new natural gas plants and more stringent air toxic limits on existing coal plants, increase limitations on wastewater discharge, and impose groundwater monitoring and corrective action requirements on previously unregulated coal ash sources at regulated facilities (CCR Management Units) and inactive surface impoundments at retired generating facilities (Legacy CCR Surface Impoundments). Potential legal challenges to such rules or actions to repeal or modify requirements may not be successful, and adherence to these rules may increase the cost of compliance, impact generation resource mix, force carbon reductions or negatively impact customer reliability and perceived value. For example, EPA Rule 111 as issued imposes stringent GHG emissions limitations and reliance on carbon capture technologies that are not yet adequately demonstrated at utility scale. These and other environmental laws and regulations can result in increased capital, operating and other costs. Additionally, new state legislation in response to such regulations could impose carbon reduction objectives that are more aggressive than the Company's plans. These regulations may require the Duke Energy Registrants to make additional capital expenditures or increase operating and maintenance costs. These laws and regulations generally require the Duke Energy Registrants to obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental licenses, permits, inspections and other approvals. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations can require significant expenditures, including expenditures for cleanup costs and damages arising from contaminated properties. Failure to comply with environmental regulations may result in the imposition of fines, penalties and injunctive measures affecting operating assets, as well as reputational damage. The steps the Duke Energy Registrants could be required to take to ensure their facilities are in compliance could be prohibitively expensive. As a result, the Duke Energy Registrants may be required to shut down or alter the operation of their facilities, which may cause the Duke Energy Registrants to incur losses. Further, the Duke Energy Registrants may not be successful in recovering capital and operating costs incurred to comply with new environmental regulations through existing regulatory rate structures and their contracts with customers. Also, the Duke Energy Registrants may not be able to obtain or maintain from time to time all required environmental regulatory approvals for their operating assets or development projects. Delays in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals, failure to obtain and comply with them or changes in environmental laws or regulations to more stringent compliance levels could, and are likely to, result in additional costs of operation for existing facilities or development of new facilities being prevented, delayed or subject to additional costs. The costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations could have a material effect on the Duke Energy Registrants’ results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 24 RISK FACTORS The Duke Energy Registrants' operations, capital expenditures and financial results may be affected by regulatory changes related to the impacts of global climate change. There is continued concern, and increasing and conflicting activism, both nationally and internationally, about global climate change. The EPA and state regulators have, and may adopt and implement, additional regulations to restrict emissions of GHGs to address global climate change, as well as reporting requirements regarding such emissions and related climate-goal claims. Certain local and state jurisdictions have also enacted laws to restrict or prevent new natural gas infrastructure. Increased regulation of GHG emissions and reporting requirements could impose significant additional costs on the Duke Energy Registrants' electric and natural gas operations, their suppliers and customers and affect demand for energy conservation and renewable products, which could impact both our electric and natural gas businesses. Regulatory changes and/or uncertainty of applicability of such legislative and regulatory initiatives could also result in generation facilities to be retired earlier than planned to achieve net-zero carbon emissions from electricity generation by 2050. Though we would plan to seek cost recovery for investments related to GHG emission reductions through regulatory rate structures, changes in the regulatory climate could result in the delay or failure to fully recover costs and investments, including in generation. OPERATIONAL RISKS The Duke Energy Registrants’ results of operations may be negatively affected by overall market, economic and other conditions that are beyond their control. Sustained downturns or sluggishness in the economy generally affect the markets in which the Duke Energy Registrants operate and negatively influence operations. Declines in demand for electricity or natural gas as a result of economic downturns in the Duke Energy Registrants’ regulated service territories will reduce overall sales and lessen cash flows, especially as industrial customers reduce production and, therefore, consumption of electricity and the use of natural gas. Although the Duke Energy Registrants’ regulated electric and natural gas businesses are subject to regulated allowable rates of return and recovery of certain costs, such as fuel and purchased natural gas costs, under periodic adjustment clauses, overall declines in electricity or natural gas sold as a result of economic downturn or recession could reduce revenues and cash flows, thereby diminishing results of operations. A continuation of adverse economic conditions including economic downturn or high commodity prices could also negatively impact the financial stability of certain of our customers and result in their inability to pay for electric and natural gas services. This could lead to increased bad debt expense and higher allowance for doubtful account reserves for the Duke Energy Registrants and result in delayed or unrecovered operating costs and lower financial results. Additionally, prolonged economic downturns that negatively impact the Duke Energy Registrants’ results of operations and cash flows could result in future material impairment charges to write-down the carrying value of certain assets, including goodwill, to their respective fair values. Rapidly rising prices as a result of inflation, tariffs, or other factors may impact the ability of the Company to recover costs timely or execute on its business strategy including the achievement of growth objectives. The Duke Energy Registrants sell electricity into the spot market or other competitive power markets on a contractual basis. With respect to such transactions, the Duke Energy Registrants are not guaranteed any rate of return on their capital investments through mandated rates, and revenues and results of operations are likely to depend, in large part, upon prevailing market prices. These market prices may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of time and could negatively impact the Company's ability to accurately forecast the financial impact or reduce the Duke Energy Registrants’ revenues and margins, thereby diminishing results of operations. The Duke Energy Registrants are exposed to financial and operational risks associated with growth including volatility in sales, supply and demand forecasts, and customer usage changes which could negatively impact the Duke Energy Registrants' results of operations. Factors that could impact sales volumes, generation of electricity and market prices at which the Duke Energy Registrants are able to sell electricity and natural gas include the following: • weather variability such as extreme seasonal conditions, storm-related outages, or drought impacting generation economics; • transmission or transportation constraints, purchased power availability and competitive alternative energy sources; • customer-owned generation, energy efficiency adoption and technological advances reducing demand; and • fuel procurement challenges for coal, natural gas, crude oil and uranium and capacity limitations for transmission services. At times, demand can exceed available generation capacity and emerging large loads – such as hyperscale data centers and industrial facilities – present unique risks due to their high demand, rapid fluctuations, and unpredictable operational profiles, which can further strain bulk power system reliability and grid stability. Meeting these requirements may necessitate substantial investments in generation, transmission and advanced grid infrastructure, while early termination of service agreements or stranded assets could result if investments are not fully recovered. Additionally, failure to comply with evolving regulatory requirements and reliability standards , including those established or those that may be established in the future by the NERC and regional entities, could result in penalties, operational restrictions or reputational harm. Compliance obligations related to interconnection processes, system planning and reliability performance for large loads may require significant resources and could impact project timelines and costs. Natural disasters or operational accidents may adversely affect the Duke Energy Registrants’ operating results, financial position or cash flows. Natural disasters or operational accidents within the Company or industry (such as wild fires, earthquakes, hurricanes or natural gas transmission pipeline explosions) could have direct or indirect impacts to the Duke Energy Registrants or to key contractors and suppliers. Such events can, and in the past have, negatively impacted sales volumes such as in the case of storm-related customer outages resulting in lower usage. Costs to restore service and rebuild assets after such events may be material and could impact the results of operations, financial position or cash flows of the Duke Energy Registrants, and such events may do so in the future, until complete and timely cost recovery is approved and occurs under existing relevant regulatory mechanisms across our jurisdictions. 25 RISK FACTORS The generation of electricity and the transportation and storage of natural gas involve inherent operating risks that may result in accidents involving serious injury or loss of life, environmental damage or property damage. Such events could impact the Duke Energy Registrants through civil or criminal legal proceedings or changes to policies, laws and regulations whose compliance costs have a significant impact on the Duke Energy Registrants’ results of operations, financial position or cash flows. In addition, if a serious operational accident were to occur, existing insurance policies may not cover all of the potential exposures or the actual amount of loss incurred, including potential litigation awards. Any losses not covered by insurance, or any increases in the cost of applicable insurance as a result of such accident, could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial position, cash flows or reputation of the Duke Energy Registrants. The reputation and financial condition of the Duke Energy Registrants could be negatively impacted due to their obligations to comply with federal and state regulations, laws, and other legal requirements that govern the operations, assessments, storage, closure, remediation, disposal and monitoring relating to CCR, the high costs and new rate impacts associated with implementing new CCR-related requirements and the strategies and methods necessary to implement these requirements in compliance with these legal obligations. As a result of electricity produced for decades at coal-fired power plants, the Duke Energy Registrants manage large amounts of CCR that are primarily stored in dry storage within landfills or combined with water in surface impoundments, all in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. A CCR-related operational incident could have a material adverse impact on the reputation and results of operations, financial position or cash flows of the Duke Energy Registrants. Federal and state laws, regulations and other legal requirements, including those related to the 2015 CCR Rule and 2024 CCR Rule, may require or result in additional expenditures, including increased operating and maintenance costs, which could affect the results of operations, financial position or cash flows of the Duke Energy Registrants. The Duke Energy Registrants will continue to seek full cost recovery for expenditures through the normal ratemaking process with state and federal utility commissions, who permit recovery in rates of reasonable and prudently incurred costs associated with the Duke Energy Registrants’ regulated operations, and through other wholesale contracts with terms that contemplate recovery of such costs, although there is no guarantee of full cost recovery. In addition, the timing for and amount of recovery of such costs could have a material adverse impact on Duke Energy's cash flows. The Duke Energy Registrants have recognized significant AROs related to these CCR-related requirements. At all sites requiring CCR closure and groundwater remediation, closure methods and groundwater corrective action remedies have been studied and factored into the estimated retirement and management costs. As the closure and CCR management work progresses and final closure plans and corrective action measures are developed and approved at each site, the scope and complexity of work and the amount of CCR material could be greater than estimates and could, therefore, materially increase compliance expenditures and rate impacts. The Duke Energy Registrants’ results of operations, financial position and cash flows may be negatively affected by a lack of growth or slower growth in the number of customers, or decline in customer demand or number of customers. Growth and retention of customer accounts and growth of customer usage each directly influence demand for electricity and natural gas and the need for additional power generation and delivery facilities. Customer growth and customer usage are affected by several factors outside the control of the Duke Energy Registrants, such as mandated EE measures, demand-side management goals, advancements in technology that may impact the energy usage by large commercial customers, such as data centers, distributed generation resources and economic and demographic conditions, such as inflation, tariffs, and interest rate volatility, population changes, job and income growth, housing starts, new business formation and the overall level of economic activity. Federal legislation enacted in 2025 eliminated the long‑term extension of certain residential solar tax credits, causing these incentives to expire after 2025, however, some states continue to offer or consider solar or energy efficiency incentives. Such incentives, along with technological advances driven by federal laws mandating new levels of EE in end-use electric and natural gas devices or other improvements in or applications of technology, could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption. Advances in distributed generation technologies that produce power, including fuel cells, microturbines, wind turbines and solar cells, may reduce the cost of alternative methods of producing power to a level competitive with central power station electric production utilized by the Duke Energy Registrants. In addition, the electrification of buildings and appliances currently relying on natural gas could reduce the number of customers in our natural gas distribution business. Some or all of these factors could result in a lack of growth or decline in customer demand for electricity or number of customers and may cause the failure of the Duke Energy Registrants to fully realize anticipated benefits from significant capital investments and expenditures, which could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Furthermore, the Duke Energy Registrants currently have EE riders in place to recover the cost of EE programs in North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Indiana and Kentucky. Should the Duke Energy Registrants be required to invest in conservation measures that result in reduced sales from effective conservation, regulatory lag in adjusting rates for the impact of these measures could have a negative financial impact. The Duke Energy Registrants' future results of operations may be impacted by changing or conflicting expectations and demands, particularly regarding environmental, social and governance concerns. Duke Energy’s ability to execute its strategy and achieve anticipated financial outcomes are influenced by the expectations of our customers, regulators, investors and stakeholders. Those expectations are based in part on the core fundamentals of reliability and value but are also increasingly focused on our ability to meet rapidly changing demands for new and varied products, services and offerings. Additionally, the risks of global climate change continue to shape our customers’ sustainability objectives and energy needs as well as the investment and financing criteria of investors. Failure to meet these increasing expectations or to adequately address the risks and external pressures from regulators, customers, investors and other stakeholders may impact Duke Energy’s reputation, affect its ability to achieve favorable outcomes in future rate cases or impact the results of operations for the Duke Energy Registrants. Furthermore, the increasing use of social media and conflicting expectations and demands regarding environmental, social, and governance concerns, may accelerate and increase the potential scope of negative publicity we might receive and could increase the negative impact on our reputation, business, results of operations or financial condition. 26 RISK FACTORS As it relates to electric generation, a diversified fleet with increasingly clean generation resources may facilitate more efficient financing and lower costs. Conversely, jurisdictions utilizing more carbon-intensive generation such as coal may experience difficulty attracting certain investors and obtaining the most economical financing terms available. Furthermore, with a heightened emphasis on environmental, social, and governance concerns, and climate change in particular, there is an increased risk of litigation, activism, and legislation from groups both in support of and opposed to various environmental, social and governance initiatives, which could cause delays and increase the costs of our energy modernization. The Duke Energy Registrants’ operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis and can be negatively affected by changes in weather conditions and severe weather, including extreme weather conditions and changes in weather patterns from climate change. Electric power generation and natural gas distribution are generally seasonal businesses. In most parts of the U.S., the demand for power peaks during the warmer summer months, with market prices also typically peaking at that time. In other areas, demand for power peaks during the winter. Demand for natural gas peaks during the winter months. Further, changing frequency or magnitude of extreme weather conditions such as hurricanes, droughts, heat waves, winter storms and severe weather, including from climate change, could cause these seasonal fluctuations to be more pronounced. As a result, the overall operating results of the Duke Energy Registrants’ businesses may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal and quarterly basis and thus makes period-to-period comparison less relevant. Sustained severe drought conditions could impact generation by hydroelectric plants, as well as fossil and nuclear plant operations, as these facilities use water for cooling purposes and for the operation of environmental compliance equipment. Furthermore, destruction caused by severe weather events, such as hurricanes, flooding, tornadoes, severe thunderstorms, snow and ice storms, droughts, extreme temperatures, and wild fires, including from climate change, can result in lost operating revenues due to outages, property damage or total loss, including downed transmission and distribution lines, personal injury, reputational harm, and additional unexpected expenses to mitigate storm damage, including incremental financing costs. The cost of storm restoration efforts may not be fully recoverable or recoverable on a timely basis through the regulatory process and may impact the results of operations, financial position or cash flows of the Duke Energy Registrants. The Duke Energy Registrants’ sales may decrease if they are unable to gain adequate, reliable and affordable access to transmission assets. The Duke Energy Registrants depend on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by utilities and other energy companies to deliver electricity sold to the wholesale market. In addition, the growth of renewables and energy storage will put strains on existing transmission assets and require transmission and distribution upgrades. The FERC’s power transmission regulations require wholesale electric transmission services to be offered on an open-access, non-discriminatory basis. If transmission is disrupted, or if transmission capacity is inadequate, the Duke Energy Registrants’ ability to sell and deliver products may be hindered. The different regional power markets have changing regulatory structures, which could affect growth and performance in these regions. In addition, the ISOs who oversee the transmission systems in regional power markets have imposed in the past, and may impose in the future, price limitations and other mechanisms to address volatility in the power markets. These types of price limitations and other mechanisms may adversely impact the profitability of the Duke Energy Registrants’ wholesale power marketing business. The availability of adequate interstate pipeline transportation capacity and natural gas supply may decrease. The Duke Energy Registrants purchase almost all of their natural gas supply from interstate sources that must be transported to the applicable service territories. Interstate pipeline companies transport the natural gas to the Duke Energy Registrants' systems under firm service agreements that are designed to meet the requirements of their core markets. A significant disruption to interstate pipelines capacity or reduction in natural gas supply due to events including, but not limited to, operational failures or disruptions, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, freeze off of natural gas wells, terrorist or cyberattacks or other acts of war or legislative or regulatory actions or requirements, including remediation related to integrity inspections or regulations and laws enacted to address climate change, could reduce the normal interstate supply of natural gas and thereby reduce earnings. Moreover, if additional natural gas infrastructure, including, but not limited to, exploration and drilling rigs and platforms, processing and gathering systems, offshore pipelines, interstate pipelines and storage, cannot be built at a pace that meets demand, then growth opportunities could be limited. Risks Related to Supply Chain Disruptions, Inflation, Tariffs and Foreign Export Restrictions Duke Energy’s operations and capital projects are exposed to supply chain disruptions, inflation, tariffs and export restrictions. These factors may increase costs, extend lead times for critical equipment and/or delay construction and maintenance activities. Rising demand for electric infrastructure and international trade developments, including potential export controls on certain rare earth materials and technologies used in electric utility infrastructure, may further constrain supply availability. These risks may result in higher costs than estimated or than allowed under approved regulatory mechanisms and could impact our financial results, capital plan execution or our ability to deliver on system modernization goals. Fluctuations in commodity prices or availability may adversely affect various aspects of the Duke Energy Registrants’ operations as well as their results of operations, financial position and cash flows. The Duke Energy Registrants are exposed to the effects of market fluctuations in the price of natural gas, coal, fuel oil, nuclear fuel, electricity and other energy-related commodities as a result of their ownership of energy-related assets. Fuel costs are recovered primarily through cost recovery clauses, subject to the approval of state utility commissions. Additionally, the Duke Energy Registrants are exposed to risk that counterparties will not be able to fulfill their obligations. Disruption in the delivery of fuel, including disruptions as a result of, among other things, changing economic conditions, bankruptcies, transportation delays, weather, labor relations, physical or cyber attack, force majeure events or environmental regulations affecting any of these fuel suppliers, could limit the Duke Energy Registrants' ability to operate their facilities. Should counterparties fail to perform, the Duke Energy Registrants might be forced to replace the underlying commitment at prevailing market prices possibly resulting in losses in addition to the amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties. 27 RISK FACTORS Certain of the Duke Energy Registrants’ hedge agreements may result in the receipt of, or posting of, collateral with counterparties, depending on the daily market-based calculation of financial exposure of the derivative positions. Fluctuations in commodity prices that lead to the return of collateral received and/or the posting of collateral with counterparties could negatively impact liquidity. Downgrades in the Duke Energy Registrants’ credit ratings could also lead to additional collateral posting requirements. The Duke Energy Registrants continually monitor derivative positions in relation to market price activity. Cyberattacks and data security breaches could adversely affect the Duke Energy Registrants' businesses. Cybersecurity risks have increased in recent years as a result of the proliferation of new technologies, and the increased sophistication, magnitude and frequency of cyberattacks and data security breaches. Duke Energy relies on the continued operation of advanced digital information and operational technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of an interconnected regional grid. Additionally, connectivity to the internet continues to increase through grid modernization and other operational excellence initiatives. Furthermore, AI, including generative AI, may be used to facilitate or perpetrate these cybersecurity threats. Duke Energy’s use of generative AI (and use by their vendors and agents) may subject them to data privacy, legal, regulatory and security risks. Because of the critical nature of the infrastructure, increased connectivity to the internet, external networks, mandatory reliability and safety obligations, and technology systems’ inherent vulnerability to disability or failures due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism or other types of data security breaches, the Duke Energy Registrants face a heightened risk of cyberattacks from foreign, nation-state or domestic sources and have been subject, and will likely continue to be subject, to cyberattacks designed to gain unauthorized access to information and/or information systems or to disrupt utility operations through computer viruses and phishing attempts either directly or indirectly through its material vendors or related third parties. In addition, advances in emerging technologies such as quantum computing could, over time, be used to break standard encryption methods, compromise secure connections or otherwise conduct cyberattacks of increasing sophistication. In the event of a significant cybersecurity breach on either the Duke Energy Registrants or with one of our material vendors or related third parties, the Duke Energy Registrants could (i) have business operations disrupted, including the disruption of the operation of our natural gas and electric assets and the power grid, theft of confidential company, employee, retiree, shareholder, vendor or customer information, and general business systems and process interruption or compromise, including preventing the Duke Energy Registrants from servicing customers, collecting revenues or the recording, processing and/or reporting financial information correctly, (ii) experience substantial loss of revenues, repair and restoration costs, penalties and costs for lack of compliance with relevant regulations, implementation costs for additional security measures to avert future cyberattacks and other financial loss and (iii) be subject to increased regulation, litigation and reputational damage. While Duke Energy maintains insurance relating to cybersecurity events, such insurance does not protect Duke Energy from such cyberattacks occurring, and while it does provide some potential mitigation of the financial impacts resulting from such cyberattacks, it is subject to a number of exclusions and may be insufficient to offset any losses, costs or damage experienced. The Duke Energy Registrants are subject to standards enacted by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation and enforced by FERC regarding protection of the physical and cybersecurity of critical infrastructure assets required for operating North America's bulk electric system. The Duke Energy Registrants are also subject to regulations set by the NRC regarding the protection of digital computer and communication systems and networks required for the operation of nuclear power plants. The Duke Energy Registrants that operate designated critical pipelines that transport natural gas are also subject to security directives issued by the TSA requiring such registrants to implement specific cybersecurity mitigation measures. While the Duke Energy Registrants believe they are in compliance with, or, in the case of recent d
[...TRUNCATED...]