TICKER=DVA|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/DVA_2026-02-11.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Please read the cautionary notice regarding forward-looking statements in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including those discussed below, and if any of the following risks or uncertainties develop into actual events or if the circumstances described in the risk or uncertainties occur or continue to occur, they could individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or could materially harm our reputation. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones facing our business. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or could materially harm our reputation. Summary Risk Factors The following is a summary of the principal risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and/or results of operations, and these adverse impacts may be material. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the more detailed descriptions of the risks and uncertainties included in this Item 1A. below and you should read this summary together with those more detailed descriptions. These principal risk and uncertainties relate to, among other things: Risk Related to External Conditions • global health conditions, changing population or demographic trend s, severe weather o r natural disasters an d general economic and pol itical conditions ; Risks Related to the Operation of our Business • the complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements that impact us, including potential changes thereto ; • the various lawsuits, demands, claims, qui tam suits, governmental investigations and audits and other legal matters that we may be subject to from time to time ; • the number or percentage of patients with higher-paying commercial insurance and our ability to negotiate and maintain contracts with private payors on competitive terms ; • our participation in government healthcare programs, including Medicare, Medicare Advantage, Medicaid and the Department of Veterans Affairs ; • our business is labor intensive and we may experience increases in labor costs, our ability to attract and retain key leadership talent or employees, or union organizing activities ; • our ability to establish and maintain supplier and service provider relationships that meet our needs at cost-effective prices or at prices that allow for adequate reimbursement as applicable, our ability to access new technology or superior products in a cost-effective manner and our increasing reliance on third party service providers ; • changes in clinical practices, payment rates or regulations impacting pharmaceuticals and/or devices ; • our ability to appropriately estimate the amount of dialysis revenues and related refund liabilities ; Risks Related to Competition, Business Strategy Growth, Information Systems and New Technologies • our ability to compete successfully, including, without limitation, implementing our growth strategy and/or retaining patients and physicians willing to serve as medical directors ; • our acquisitions, mergers, joint ventures, noncontrolling interest investments or dispositions ; • our ability to successfully implement our strategic and operational initiatives, including with respect to integrated kidney care, value-based care and home-based dialysis ; • political, economic, legal, operational and other risks as we expand our operations and offer our services in markets outside of the U.S., and utilizing third-party suppliers and service providers operating outside of the U.S. ; 23 • our ability to comply with complex privacy and information security laws that impact us and/or our ability to properly maintain the integrity of our data, protect our proprietary rights to our systems or defend against cybersecurity attacks ; • our ability to effectively maintain, operate or upgrade our information systems or those of third-party service providers upon which we rely, including, without limitation, our clinical, billing and collections systems, and our ability to adhere to federal and state data sharing and access requirements and regulations, and successfully adopt or adapt to new technologies ; General Risks • our current or future level of indebtedness, including, without limitation, our ability to generate cash to service our indebtedness and for other intended purposes and our ability to maintain compliance with debt covenants ; • our goals and disclosures related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters ; • changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations or challenges to our tax positions ; • liability claims for damages and other expenses that are not covered by insurance or exceed our existing insurance coverage ; • our ability to successfully maintain an effective internal control over financial reporting ; and • provisions in our organizational documents, our compensation programs and policies and certain requirements under Delaware law that may deter changes of control or make it more difficult for our stockholders to change the composition of our Board of Directors and take other corporate actions that our stockholders would otherwise determine to be in their best interests . Risks Related to External Conditions Global health conditions, changing population or demographic trends, severe weather events or natural disasters and general economic and political conditions, all of which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict, could have a material adverse impact on our business. We continue to be impacted by external conditions, including, but not limited to, those related to general economic, political and global health conditions, changing population or demographic trends and severe weather events or natural disasters. These conditions can impact our business in a variety of ways, including, among other things, by affecting our patient census, treatment volumes and operating and other costs as further set forth below. These conditions are generally outside of our control and none of which we can reasonably predict and are interrelated or have interdependent complex consequences. As a result, the ultimate impact of these conditions on our business over time will depend on a myriad of future developments and is highly uncertain and difficult to predict. These conditions or developments may heighten many of the other risks and uncertainties discussed herein and are particularly heightened for our patients in part because individuals with chronic illness may be more susceptible to the adverse effects of global health conditions and also because any natural or other disaster, political instability or adverse weather event that disrupts or limits the operation of any of our centers or other facilities or services may delay or otherwise impact the critical services we provide to dialysis patients. We continue to invest in initiatives designed to help mitigate cost and volume pressures that may develop, including as a result of these external conditions or developments. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to successfully execute these initiatives, that they will achieve expectations or succeed in helping offset the impact of these challenging conditions or that any mitigation efforts are possible. Any failure on our part to implement potential initiatives to mitigate these pressures, adjust our business operations in this manner in accordance with applicable legal, regulatory or compliance requirements or to adjust to other marketplace developments or dynamics, could adversely impact our ability to provide dialysis services or the cost of providing those services to our patients, among other things, and ultimately could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could materially harm our reputation. Global health conditions and changing population or demographic trends Global health conditions may adversely impact our patient census and treatment volumes. For example, severe flu seasons and the ongoing incidence of other infectious diseases such as COVID-19 in recent years have driven elevated mortality in our patient population, which has in turn had a negative impact on treatment volume. The negative perception of vaccinations in the U.S. has exacerbated these risks. To the extent that these and other global health conditions such as any future severe flu seasons, global health crises, pandemics or epidemics drive sustained elevated mortality levels in the overall ESKD or CKD populations, we may experience adverse impacts on our new-to-dialysis admission rates, treatment volumes, 24 future revenues and non-acquired growth, among other things. Other trends in health conditions and changing population or demographic trends may also impact overall ESKD growth rates and our associated treatment volumes, including, among others, the growth and aging of the U.S. population, changing U.S. immigration levels, the availability of transplant opportunities, incidence rates for diseases that cause kidney failure such as diabetes and hypertension, or growth rates of minority populations with higher-than-average incidence rates of ESKD. Any decrease in growth rates for the ESKD or CKD patient population, higher mortality rates for dialysis patients or other reductions in demand for dialysis treatments, if sustained or significant, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Severe weather events or natural disasters Severe weather events or natural or other disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires or flooding that damage, destroy or limit access to our facilities or impact our key suppliers or service providers could adversely impact our operations. In the past, such severe weather events or natural disasters impacting us or our suppliers have adversely impacted our patient census and treatment volumes and led to increased costs including, among other things, supply costs. If we experience such events or natural disasters in the future, we may face similar or greater risks, including among other things, potential limitations on our ability to admit new patients or provide dialysis treatments or clinical laboratory services, or potential threats to the safety of our teammates or patients at any of those locations. Such events may also require substantial expenditures and recovery time or could lead us to face other adverse consequences, including, without limitation, the potential loss of data, including protected health information (PHI) or personally identifiable information (PII), or subject us to compliance or regulatory investigations. These impacts, in the aggregate, could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition, and could materially harm our reputation. Severe weather events or natural disasters could also strain global supply chains to the extent such events result in equipment and clinical supply shortages, disruptions, delays or associated price increases. Because we are a nationwide provider, certain of our facilities, clinics or key suppliers are in areas that may be more susceptible to such effects and risks. For example, our clinical laboratory is in Florida, a state that has in the past experienced and may in the future experience hurricanes. These effects and risks may be further intensified by what has been documented as an increased risk of severe weather events. If the frequency, intensity and widening potential geographic scope of natural or other disasters or adverse weather events increase, we may face increased costs associated with operating our clinics, potential interruptions to and changes in our clinical and business operations, and increased compliance or regulatory risk to the extent laws or regulations are adopted in response to the increasing frequency of such events. These increased costs may include, without limitation, costs for energy, supplies of water, or pharmaceuticals or other supplies necessary to the operations of our clinics. General economic conditions Certain economic conditions, including, among others, geopolitical and global economic volatility and instability, inflationary conditions and interest rate volatility, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates or regulatory requirements, trade disputes, labor supply shortages and other challenging labor market conditions have continued to put pressure on our existing cost structure, including among other things, staffing, labor and supply costs. We expect that certain of those increased costs will persist in the near term as inflationary and supply chain pressures and challenging labor market conditions continue. If these conditions continue for a prolonged period of time or if new adverse conditions emerge, we may experience increased labor and supply costs at a rate that outpaces Medicare or any other rate increases we may receive, and we may experience equipment and clinical supply shortages, disruptions, delays or associated price increases that could impact our ability to provide dialysis services or the cost of providing those services or adversely impact our ability to execute on our other strategic initiatives, among other things. If adverse economic conditions lead to a period of extended or increased job losses in the U.S., it could ultimately result in a smaller percentage of our patients being covered by an employer group health plan, a larger percentage being covered by lower-paying government insurance programs or being uninsured or underinsured, and an increase in uncollectible accounts independent of whether general economic conditions subsequently improve. The extent of these effects will depend upon, among other things, the extent and duration of any economic deterioration or potential recession and any resultant increased unemployment levels for our patient population, and the ability of our patients to retain existing insurance and their individual choices with respect to their coverage, all of which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. If these adverse economic conditions persist or remain uncertain for an extended period of time, and associated adverse impacts on our revenues and financial results may be material and may in turn lead us to incur future charges to recognize impairment in the carrying amount of our goodwill and other intangible assets. The aforementioned impacts may also drive an increased need for additional liquidity funded by accessing existing credit facilities, raising new debt in the capital markets, or other sources, and we may seek to refinance existing debt, which may be more difficult or costly in an uncertain or declining economic environment. 25 Political conditions Political conditions may create additional risk and further intensify the impacts described above, including, among other things, global conflicts, as well as the changing U.S. political conditions that have driven changes in trade, tariff, monetary, healthcare, immigration and other policies by governmental authorities in the United States and across the globe. For example, the current administration in the United States has implemented policies and issued guidance that include: tariff and trade policies that have led to increased volatility in the global trade market; staff reduction policies at key agencies such as the Department of Health and Human Services and the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) that may among other things, result in delays in Medicare enrollment, coverage verification, licensing and credentialing approval and may limit the availability of administrative and legal support that, among other things, delays claims resolution or similar processes; immigration policies that may adversely impact the labor market and treatment volume to the extent that such policies adversely impact access and availability to healthcare; and health policies and guidance related to the availability, use and adherence of vaccines, treatments and therapies; and other changes that may impact new-to-dialysis admission rates, treatment volumes, future revenues and non-acquired growth, among other things. Any or all of the external conditions or developments discussed above, as well as other consequences of these conditions or developments, many of which are beyond our control and none of which we can reasonably predict, could have a material adverse effect on our patients, teammates, physician partners, suppliers, business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows or materially harm our reputation. Risks Related to the Operation of our Business Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements and any failure to adhere to those requirements, or any changes in those requirements or in federal or state legislation or regulations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, and operations, and in some circumstances, could materially harm our reputation. We operate in a complex regulatory environment with an extensive and evolving set of federal, state and local governmental laws, regulations and other requirements, including executive orders, that apply to us and shape the competitive environment in which we operate. These laws, regulations and other requirements are promulgated and overseen by a number of different legislative, regulatory, administrative, and quasi-regulatory bodies, each of which may have evolving priorities and varying interpretations, judgments or related guidance. Each of these laws, regulations and other requirements are continuously changing, and we utilize considerable resources on an ongoing basis to monitor, assess and respond to applicable legislative, regulatory and administrative requirements. Despite these efforts, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in our efforts to adhere to all of these requirements and there is no assurance that we will be able to accurately predict the nature, timing or extent of any changes to these laws, regulations or requirements or the impact of such changes on the markets in which we conduct business. If any of our personnel, representatives, third party vendors or operations are found to violate any of these or other laws, regulations or requirements, we could suffer severe consequences that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation, financial condition and cash flows. Any future penalties, sanctions or other consequences could be more severe in certain circumstances if any regulatory authority determines that we knowingly or repeatedly failed to comply with laws, regulations or requirements that apply to our business. Because the healthcare sector, including the dialysis industry, is regularly subject to negative publicity, the announcement or other public disclosure of governmental allegations or investigations and any associated adverse media coverage and political debate, regardless of merit, regarding the dialysis industry generally, or the U.S. healthcare system or DaVita in particular, may adversely affect our reputation and stock price and could impact our relationships and/or contracts related to our business, among other things. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report for further details regarding certain pending legal proceedings and regulatory matters to which we are or may be subject from time to time, any of which may include allegations of violations of applicable laws, regulations and requirements. Changes to the complex and dynamic regulatory environment in which we operate can alter the regulatory framework of the healthcare marketplace and shape the competitive landscape for our current dialysis and ancillary businesses as well as for comprehensive and integrated kidney care markets. Such changes may require us to shift strategic priorities and initiatives to successfully compete. These changes may take the form of executive orders, presidential memoranda, legislative, regulatory and administrative developments and judicial proceedings, and may therefore be subject to evolving priorities and interpretations over time. As a result, considerable uncertainty exists surrounding the continued development of the healthcare regulatory and legislative environment including access to healthcare and the availability and affordability of commercial insurance over time. As an example, while the ACA and subsequent COVID-era legislation, including the enhanced premium tax credits offered for ACA exchange enrollment, resulted in an increasing number of patients with health insurance, recent 26 legislative and executive action such as the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) or the decision to let those enhanced premium tax credits expire at the end of 2025 may ultimately decrease the number of patients with access to health insurance, including Medicare and Medicaid. If access to healthcare is significantly altered or if other reforms limiting access to healthcare are enacted in the future, such changes could materially impact our business. Similar uncertainty surrounds government pilot programs and innovative payment models, healthcare reform measures and/or other changes or extensions to laws, regulations and other requirements at the federal and/or state level that govern our business. We have invested significant resources to adapt to any such changes or developments in the healthcare marketplace, and subsequent modifications, terminations or other developments may require additional investment or result in losses. For example, as described below in the risk factor under the heading " We invest in strategic and operational initiatives to maintain our business and expand our capabilities... " , we have made substantial investments in and dedicated resources to our integrated care business, value-based care initiatives and home-based dialysis business to address regulatory developments that include innovative payment models, and these investments are subject to risk in the event the regulatory environment changes and we do not or cannot adequately adapt to such changes. More broadly, changes to the overall business and regulatory landscape, including, for example, changes related to the antitrust and competitive environment, also may require us to evaluate and adapt our operations or otherwise impact our business and ability to grow through acquisitions. Legislative and regulatory initiatives may also have an impact on our business. For example, there have been several state initiatives to limit payments to dialysis providers, impose other burdensome operational requirements or prescribe wage levels. We may continue to face other similar proposed regulations or legislation or ballot initiatives in various states in future years, which could cause us to incur substantial costs to oppose any such proposed requirements or measures, impact our dialysis center development plans, and if passed and/or implemented, could materially reduce our revenues and increase our operating and other costs, adversely impact dialysis centers across the U.S. making certain centers economically unviable, lead to the closure of certain centers, restrict the ability of dialysis patients to obtain and maintain optimal insurance coverage and reduce the number of patients that select commercial insurance plans or Medicare Advantage (MA) plans for their dialysis care, among other things. Any failure on our part to adequately adjust to any laws, regulations, or other permits applied to us, as well as the cumulative impact of any limitations, burdens or prescriptions imposed by any such initiatives that are passed into law, could, among other things, erode our patient base or reimbursement rates, and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and could materially harm our reputation. To the extent that the information above describes statutory and regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provisions that are referenced. For additional information, see Part I Item 1. " Business " under the heading " Government Regulation. " We are, and may in the future be, a party to various lawsuits, demands, claims, qui tam suits, governmental investigations and audits and other legal matters, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock price and could materially harm our reputation. We operate in a highly regulated industry, including, among other things, through our participation in government-sponsored healthcare programs and as a government contractor. As a result, we are, and may in the future be, subject to investigations and audits by governmental agencies, private civil qui tam complaints filed by relators and other lawsuits, demands, claims, legal proceedings and/or other actions alleging our failure to comply with a rule, regulation, law or practice of medicine. We are, and may be in the future, subject to audits from the government concerning the billing for our patient. If, following the conclusion of any audit, the government were to require us to refund amounts and/or modify our business practices, and such amounts or changes are significant, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The healthcare industry is highly visible and politically charged, and any allegation against us, our personnel, representatives, third party vendors, or operations in such matters or matters that involve patients suffering adverse health outcomes, may materially harm our reputation and stock price, and materially impact our relationships and/or contracts related to our business, among other things. Responding to subpoenas, investigations and other lawsuits, claims and legal proceedings, as well as defending ourselves in such matters, will continue to require management's attention and cause us to incur significant legal expense. Negative developments, findings or terms and conditions that we might agree to accept as part of a negotiated resolution of pending or future legal or regulatory matters, or that have been forced upon us, could result in, among other things, harm to our reputation, substantial financial penalties or awards against us, substantial payments made by us, required changes to our business practices, impacts on our various relationships and/or contracts related to our business, exclusion from future participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other healthcare programs and, in certain cases, criminal penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. It is possible that criminal proceedings may be initiated against us and/or individuals in our business in connection with governmental investigations. Other than as may be described in Note 15 to the consolidated financial 27 statements included in this report, we cannot predict the ultimate outcomes of the various legal proceedings and regulatory matters to which we are or may be subject from time to time, or the timing of their resolution or the ultimate losses or impact of developments in those matters, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock price, and could materially harm our reputation. If the number or percentage of patients with higher-paying commercial insurance declines, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. A substantial portion of our U.S. dialysis patient service revenues are generated from patients on commercial plans who have private payors as their primary payor. The majority of these patients have insurance policies that pay us on terms and at rates that are generally significantly higher than Medicare rates. As such, our revenue and net income levels are sensitive to the number of our patients with higher-paying commercial insurance coverage and the percentage of our patients under higher-paying commercial plans relative to government-based programs. The payments we receive from commercial payors generate nearly all of our profit and all of our nonacute dialysis profits come from commercial payors. Depending on the extent of a reduction in the share of our patients covered by commercial insurance plans, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Commercial insurance is generally available through direct insurance coverage, employer health plans or through the ACA exchanges. As a result, the availability and affordability of such insurance, and accordingly the number of patients with commercial insurance, is affected by changes in the economic and political landscape that may affect employment status, the ability of employer health plans to offer commercial insurance and to avoid offering commercial insurance, and changes to laws, rules and regulations that impact the healthcare marketplace, including, among other things, the ACA exchanges. For example, the expiration of certain enhanced premium tax credits available to patients who purchase health insurance on the ACA exchanges is expected to have an adverse impact on the affordability of commercial insurance plans, leading to a smaller percentage of patients covered by such plans. This may, in turn, result in more patients shifting to Medicare or becoming uninsured, further decreasing the percentage of patients covered under commercial insurance plans. The availability and affordability of commercial insurance may also be impacted by rulemaking and legislative efforts at both the federal and state level regarding the use of charitable premium assistance for ESRD patients. For example, if implemented in its proposed form, certain provisions of California bill (AB 290), including the amount of reimbursement paid to certain providers for services provided to patients with commercial insurance who receive charitable premium assistance (reimbursement cap), could have negative consequences on the ability of patients to afford commercial coverage, which may in turn adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If AB 290 or similar bills are introduced and implemented in other jurisdictions or if CMS or another regulatory agency or legislative authority issues new rules or guidance that challenges or restricts charitable premium assistance, organizations that provide charitable premium assistance may choose to withdraw from such jurisdictions, which may make it difficult for patients to obtain, or continue to receive, or receive for a limited duration, such financial assistance. In turn, this may limit the ability of patients to obtain and maintain optimal insurance coverage, which could ultimately lead to a reduction in the number of our patients covered under commercial insurance plans. The aggregate impact of any rulemaking or legislative efforts that results in a reduced number of our patients covered under commercial insurance plans could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation, financial condition and cash flows. If we are unable to negotiate and maintain contracts with private payors on competitive terms, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We continuously negotiate existing and potential new agreements with private payors who aggressively negotiate terms with us, and we can make no assurances that these negotiations will result in agreements on competitive terms or at all, nor can we accurately predict the timing of any potential rate changes resulting from these negotiations. Our negotiations with private payors may relate to commercial fee-for-service contracts, value-based care (VBC) contracts and MA agreements. A material portion of both our commercial revenue and MA revenue is concentrated with a limited number of private payors, and any changes impacting our highest paying private payors or our relationships with these payors will have a disproportionate impact on us. We have in the past, and we currently are, renegotiating many significant agreements with large private payors at the same time, which further increases this risk. Our negotiations with payors and the related affordability and accessibility of health plan coverage for our patients occurs in a highly competitive, dynamic and complicated environment that is influenced by numerous factors, including, among other things, increasing consolidation amongst commercial payors, new business activities of commercial payors that may overlap or impact with the provider space, legislative or regulatory changes such as recent price transparency regulations, as well as general conditions in the political and economic environment. As a result, we cannot predict the ultimate result of our negotiations with payors or any future changes to patient benefits by group health plans or health insurance issuers in the group 28 and individual markets. If we are unable to negotiate and maintain contracts with private payors on competitive terms or at all, including, without limitation, as set forth below, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Rates and Network We negotiate reimbursement rates as part of these discussions, and we continue to experience downward pressure on some of our rates with private payors as a result of the aforementioned and other general conditions in the market and political environment, including, among other things, as employers seek to shift to less expensive options for medical services, as commercial payors dedicate increased focus on dialysis services and, in the case of MA plans, as pressures to reduce government spending impact MA rates paid to these private payors. These negotiations may therefore result in decreases in contracted rates, may result in termination or non-renewals of existing agreements, or may adversely impact the scope and duration of coverage and in-network benefits available to our patients, among other things. If we fail to maintain contracts with payors and other healthcare providers with competitive or favorable terms, this may in turn lead to reductions in the number of our patients that are covered by commercial plans. In addition, if we fail to accurately estimate the price for or manage our medical costs in an effective manner, whether due to inflationary pressures or otherwise, such that the profitability of our commercial, MA or other value-based products is negatively impacted, the cumulative effect of these negotiations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and could materially harm our reputation. Plan Design and CPA We also negotiate or are subject to provisions related to reimbursement for the scope of services that we provide, including relative to products on and off the healthcare exchanges, among other things. Certain payors have been attempting to design and implement plans that restrict or limit coverage for treatment needed by ESRD patients in the commercial market. Among other things, these restrictive plan designs seek to limit the duration and/or the breadth of ESRD benefits, limit in-network providers, set arbitrary provider reimbursement rates, or otherwise restrict access to care, all of which may result in a decrease in the number of patients covered by commercial insurance or the reimbursement rate for ESRD services. Payors have also disputed the scope and duration of ESRD benefit coverage under their plans, and, among other things, have required patients to seek Medicare coverage for ESRD treatments. If commercial or employer group health plans seek to implement or utilize plan designs that discourage or prevent ESRD patients from retaining their commercial coverage, during upcoming open enrollment periods or otherwise, it may lead to a decrease in the number of patients with commercial plans, the duration of benefits for patients under commercial plans and/or a decrease in the payment rates we receive. The ultimate impact of these plan design provisions, and any related negotiations, remains uncertain as we and payors continue to adapt to changes in the legislative and judicial environment, such as the Supreme Court’s decision in Marietta Memorial Hospital Employee Health Benefit Plan, et al. v. DaVita Inc., et.al. (Marietta) and the removal of objective time and distance standards for network adequacy for outpatient dialysis centers. With respect to Marietta , there remains uncertainty as to, among other things, whether and to what extent payors, including employer group health plans, third party administrators and out-of-network payors, may seek to design and implement plans to restrict access to or limit reimbursement for ESRD treatments in light of the decision; the results of proposed and pending legislative responses to the decision; how courts will interpret other anti-discriminatory provisions in Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended and the Medicare Secondary Payor Act that may apply; whether there could be other potential negative impacts of the decision and any resultant employer plan behavior on our payor mix or the number of our patients covered by commercial insurance; and the timing of each of these items. Certain payors have challenged the ability of ESKD patients to utilize assistance from charitable organizations for the payment of premiums, including, through litigation and other legal proceedings. Certain payors have also incorporated policies into their provider manuals limiting or refusing to accept charitable premium assistance from non-profit organizations, such as the American Kidney Fund (AKF). These and other efforts by payors to restrict eligibility and affordability of commercial health plans and dialysis coverage thereunder could impact the number of our patients who are eligible to enroll in, and remain on, commercial insurance plans, including plans offered through healthcare exchanges. We are subject to risks associated with our participation in government healthcare programs. We participate in various federal, state and local government healthcare programs, and a substantial portion of our dialysis revenues are generated from patients who have Medicare or MA as their primary payor. As a result, we are subject to risks associated with participation in these programs as further described below. These risks relate to, among other things, changes or shortfalls in program funding and reimbursement rates, changes in legislative or administrative regulations or guidance, and government audits and investigations. Each of these risks are also subject to fluctuations in the political environment such as changing political dynamics, disruptions in federal government operations and federal budget sequestration cuts. In addition, our participation in these government healthcare programs subjects us to risks associated with 29 routine, regular and special governmental investigations, audits, reviews and assessments and any potential associated adverse consequences as further described in the risk factor under the heading " We are, and may in the future be, a party to various lawsuits, demands, claims, qui tam suits, governmental investigations and audits and other legal matters... " Medicare ESRD Prospective Payment System Dialysis treatment reimbursement payments for patients with Medicare coverage are currently made under a single bundled payment that presents certain unique operating and financial risks. The bundled payment provides for a fixed payment rate to encompass all goods and services provided during the dialysis treatment that are related to the treatment of dialysis, subject to certain adjustments (the ESRD Prospective Payment System (PPS)). Most lab services are also included in the bundled payment. Rates and bundled payments under the ESRD PPS are subject to adjustment from time to time based on a number of factors and may not cover our costs thereby having an adverse impact on our revenues. Risks for adjustment include modifications for new drugs, services, treatments, labs or medical equipment and supplies are added to the ESRD bundle or changes based on external data such as time on treatment. Each of these and other similar adjustments to the ESRD PPS may have either a positive financial effect or a negative one depending on whether the government adequately addresses the costs borne by dialysis facilities. Any failure to adequately calculate or fund the costs associated with these items or a material reduction in reimbursement under the ESRD PPS could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. CMS or its contractors could also implement other new payment provisions, change interpretations of existing regulations, or impose new data reporting requirements that limit our ability to be paid for services or increase our operational costs, and commercial insurers could in turn adopt similar limitations. Additionally, failures in our clinical and operational processes or systems could lead to inaccurate data reporting to CMS or other data integrity issues with respect to the reported information, potentially resulting in overpayment and potential associated liabilities, penalties, and reputational harm. Medicare Advantage We contract with commercial payors that administer MA plans to provide their members with Medicare Part A, Part B and/or Part D benefits. Our MA business presents similar operating, clinical and financial risks as those related to the bundled payment system, which include, without limitation, the risk that CMS sets annual reimbursement rates or modifies risk adjustment methodologies for MA plans that in turn lead commercial payors to seek to reduce their negotiated rates with us and/or fund us less for services rendered, the risk that we are found not to be compliant with applicable MA requirements, inclusive of MA marketing and education requirements and restrictions, as well as the risks that we are found not be compliant with our contractual terms with associated plans, particularly as our initiatives associated with MA (including chronic condition special needs and dual eligible special needs plans) continue to evolve and progress. Failure to do so could result in termination of agreements with plans as well as enforcement by state and federal agencies for violation of insurance, consumer protection and fraud and abuse laws and regulations, among other things. Legislation and other administrative, regulatory and executive developments may result in modifications to these programs, including those described above, which require us to adapt to our business to comply with such regulations or compete in the post-change environment. Any failure on our part to adequately adapt to these or any other changes or developments related to the Medicare ESRD or MA programs could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and could materially harm our reputation. Medicaid Programs and Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Primary coverage for a significant number of our patients also comes from state Medicaid programs partially funded by the federal government, and we have patients covered by other non-Medicare government-based programs, such as coverage through TRICARE and the VA. As state governments and other governmental organizations face increasing financial hardship and budgetary pressure, including as a result of changes in the political environment, we may in turn face reductions in payment rates, delays in the receipt of payments, limitations on enrollee eligibility or other changes to the applicable programs. State Medicaid programs are increasingly adopting Medicare-like bundled payment systems, but sometimes these payment systems are poorly defined and are implemented withou
[...TRUNCATED...]