TICKER=DVN|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/DVN_2026-02-18.htm.gz
Item 1A. Ri sk Factors Our business and operations, and our industry in general, are subject to a variety of risks. The risks described below may not be the only risks we face, as our business and operations may also be subject to risks that we do not yet know of, or that we currently believe are immaterial. If any of the following risks should occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity could be materially and adversely impacted. As a result, holders of our securities could lose part or all of their investment in Devon. Risks Related to Our Industry Volatile Oil, Gas and NGL Prices Significantly Impact Our Business Our financial condition, results of operations and the value of our properties are highly dependent on the general supply and demand for oil, gas and NGLs, which impact the prices we ultimately realize on our sales of these commodities. Historically, market prices and our realized prices have been volatile. For example, over the last five years, monthly NYMEX WTI oil and NYMEX Henry Hub gas prices ranged from highs of over $120 per Bbl and $9.50 per MMBtu, respectively, to lows of under $50 per Bbl and $1.60 per MMBtu, respectively. Such volatility is likely to continue in the future due to numerous factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to: • the domestic and worldwide supply of and demand for oil, gas and NGLs; • volatility and trading patterns in the commodity-futures markets; • climate change incentives and conservation and environmental protection efforts; • production levels of members of OPEC, Russia, the U.S. or other producing countries; • geopolitical risks, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the Israel-Gaza and Hezbollah conflicts and hostilities in Yemen and the Red Sea, as well as other hostilities or political and civil unrest in the Middle East, Africa, Europe and South America, including Venezuela; • adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and other catastrophic events, such as tornadoes, earthquakes, hurricanes and acts of terrorism; • pandemics (such as COVID-19) and epidemics of infectious diseases and other public health events, as well as any related governmental actions; 16 Table of Contents • regional pricing differentials, including in the Delaware Basin and other areas of our operations; • differing quality of production, including NGL content of gas produced; • the level of imports and exports of oil, gas and NGLs and the level of global oil, gas and NGL inventories; • the price and availability of alternative energy sources; • technological advances affecting energy consumption and production, including with respect to electric vehicles; • stockholder activism or activities by non-governmental organizations to restrict the exploration and production of oil and natural gas in order to reduce GHG emissions; • the overall economic environment, including inflationary pressures, fluctuations in interest rates, economic slowdowns or recessions; • market and geopolitical uncertainty as a result of shifts or potential further shifts in domestic and international policies; • changes in trade relations and policies, such as (i) the imposition of new or increased tariffs or other trade protection measures by the U.S., China or other countries, (ii) environmental performance standards or similar fossil fuel import restrictions in certain international markets, (iii) economic sanctions, including embargoes, on Russia or other producing countries or (iv) restrictions on oil, gas and NGL exports by the U.S.; and • other governmental regulations and taxes. Estimates of Oil, Gas and NGL Reserves Are Uncertain and May Be Subject to Revision The process of estimating oil, gas and NGL reserves is complex and requires significant judgment in the evaluation of available geological, engineering and economic data for each reservoir, particularly for new discoveries. Because of the high degree of judgment involved, different reserve engineers may develop different estimates of reserve quantities and related revenue based on the same data. In addition, the reserve estimates for a given reservoir may change substantially over time as a result of several factors, including additional development and appraisal activity and the related impact to spacing assumptions for future drilling locations, the viability of production under varying economic conditions, including commodity price declines, and variations in production levels and associated costs. Consequently, material revisions to our existing reserves estimates may occur as a result of changes in any of these or other factors. Such revisions to proved reserves could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and the value of our properties, as well as the estimates of our future net revenue and profitability. Our policies and internal controls related to estimating and recording reserves are included in “Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties” of this report. Discoveries or Acquisitions of Reserves Are Needed to Avoid a Material Decline in Reserves and Production, and Such Activities Are Capital Intensive The production rates from oil and gas properties generally decline as reserves are depleted, while related per unit production costs generally increase due to decreasing reservoir pressures and other factors. Moreover, our current development activity is focused on unconventional oil and gas assets, which generally have significantly higher decline rates as compared to conventional assets. Therefore, our estimated proved reserves and future oil, gas and NGL production will decline materially as reserves are produced unless we conduct successful exploration and development activities, such as identifying additional producing zones in existing properties, utilizing secondary or tertiary recovery techniques or acquiring additional properties containing proved reserves. Consequently, our future oil, gas and NGL production and related per unit production costs are highly dependent upon our level of success in finding or acquiring additional reserves. Our business requires significant capital to find and acquire new reserves. Although we plan to primarily fund these activities from cash generated by our operations, we have also from time to time relied on other sources of capital, including by accessing the debt and equity capital markets. There can be no assurance that these or other financing sources will be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to generate sufficient funds from operations or raise additional capital for any reason, we may be unable to replace our reserves, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 17 Table of Contents Our Operations Are Uncertain and Involve Substantial Costs and Risks Our operating activities are subject to numerous costs and risks, including the risk that we will not encounter commercially productive oil or gas reservoirs. Drilling for oil, gas and NGLs can be unprofitable, not only from dry holes, but from productive wells that do not return a profit because of insufficient revenue from production or high costs. Substantial costs are required to locate, acquire and develop oil and gas properties, and we are often uncertain as to the amount and timing of those costs. Our cost of drilling, completing, equipping and operating wells is often uncertain before drilling commences. Declines in commodity prices and overruns in budgeted expenditures are common risks that can make a particular project uneconomic or less economic than forecasted. While both exploratory and developmental drilling activities involve these risks, exploratory drilling involves greater risks of dry holes or failure to find commercial quantities of hydrocarbons. In addition, our oil and gas properties can become damaged, our operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled and the costs of such operations may increase as a result of a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: • unexpected drilling conditions, pressure conditions or irregularities in reservoir formations; • equipment failures or accidents; • fires, explosions, blowouts, cratering or loss of well control, as well as the mishandling or underground migration of fluids and chemicals; • adverse weather conditions, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, severe thunderstorms and extreme temperatures, the severity and frequency of which could potentially increase as a consequence of climate change; • other natural disasters, such as earthquakes, floods and wildfires; • terrorism, vandalism, equipment theft, extreme activism directed against fossil fuel operations or assets, cybersecurity incidents and pandemics or other widespread health concerns; • issues with title or in receiving governmental permits or approvals; • restricted takeaway capacity for our production, including due to inadequate midstream infrastructure or constrained downstream markets; • environmental hazards or liabilities; • restrictions in access to, or disposal of, water used or produced in drilling and completion operations; • limited access to electrical power sources or other infrastructure used in our operations; and • shortages or delays in the availability of services or delivery of material or equipment. Many of the factors described above have negatively impacted and currently impact our operations and may do so again in the future. The occurrence of one or more of these factors could result in a partial or total loss of our investment in a particular property, as well as significant liabilities. Moreover, certain of these events historically have, and in the future could, result in environmental pollution and impact to third parties, including persons living in proximity to our operations, our employees and employees of our contractors, leading to possible injuries, death or significant damage to property and natural resources. For example, we have from time to time experienced well-control events that have resulted in various remediation and clean-up costs and certain of the other impacts described above. In addition, we rely on our employees, consultants and independent contractors to conduct our operations in compliance with applicable laws and standards. Any violation of such laws or standards by these individuals, whether through negligence, harassment, discrimination or other misconduct, could result in significant liability for us and adversely affect our business. For example, negligent operations by employees could result in serious injury, death or property damage, and sexual harassment or racial, gender or age discrimination could result in legal claims and reputational harm. Our Hedging Activities Limit Participation in Commodity Price Increases and Involve Other Risks We enter into financial derivative instruments with respect to a portion of our production to manage our exposure to oil, gas and NGL price volatility. To the extent that we engage in price risk management activities to protect ourselves from commodity price declines, we will be prevented from fully realizing the benefits of commodity price increases above the prices established by our hedging contracts. In addition, our hedging arrangements may expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances, 18 Table of Contents including instances in which the contract counterparties fail to perform under the contracts. Moreover, many of our contract counterparties have become subject to increasing governmental oversight and regulations in recent years, which could adversely affect the cost and availability of our hedging arrangements. We Have Limited Control Over Properties and Investments Operated by Others or through Joint Ventures Certain of the properties and investments in which we have an interest are operated by other companies and may involve third-party working interest owners. We have limited influence and control over the operation or future development of such properties and investments, including compliance with EHS regulations or the amount and timing of required future capital expenditures. In addition, we conduct certain of our operations through joint ventures in which we may share control with third parties, and the other joint venture participants may have interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of the joint venture or us. These limitations and our dependence on such third parties could result in unexpected future costs or liabilities and unplanned changes in operations or future development, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, any bankruptcy involving, or any misconduct or other improper activities committed by, our business partners or other counterparties could negatively impact the value of our investments, as well as our own business or reputation. Midstream Capacity Constraints and Interruptions Impact Commodity Sales We rely on midstream facilities and systems owned and operated by others to process our gas production and to gather and transport our oil, gas and NGL production to downstream markets. All or a portion of our production in one or more regions may be interrupted or shut in from time to time due to losing access to plants, pipelines or gathering systems. Such access could be lost due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, weather conditions and natural disasters, terrorism or sabotage, cybersecurity incidents, accidents, field labor issues or strikes. Additionally, midstream operators have in the past been, and in the future may be, subject to constraints that limit their ability to construct, maintain or repair the facilities needed to gather, process and transport our production. Such interruptions or constraints could adversely impact our operations, including by requiring us to curtail our production or obtain alternative takeaway capacity on less favorable terms. Competition for Assets, Materials, People and Capital Can Be Significant Strong competition exists in all sectors of the oil and gas industry. We compete with major integrated and independent oil and gas companies for the acquisition of oil and gas leases and properties. We also compete for the equipment, materials, services and personnel required to explore, develop and operate properties, such as drilling rigs, well materials and oilfield services. The rising costs and scarcity caused by this competitive pressure will generally increase during periods of higher commodity prices and can be further exacerbated by higher inflation rates and supply chain disruptions in the broader economy, including as a result of tariffs or changes in trade policy. For example, we experienced some increase in operating costs throughout 2025 due to the economic uncertainty in global trade arising from geopolitical events and shifting trade policies. While we actively work to mitigate the impact of these potential risks through operational efficiencies gained from the scale of our operations as well as by leveraging long-standing relationships with our suppliers, the ultimate impacts remain uncertain. Competition is also prevalent in the marketing of oil, gas and NGLs. Certain of our competitors have resources substantially greater than ours and may have established superior strategic long-term positions and relationships. As a consequence, we may be at a competitive disadvantage in bidding for assets or services and accessing capital and downstream markets. In addition, many of our larger competitors may have a competitive advantage when responding to factors that affect demand for oil and gas production, such as changing worldwide price and production levels, the cost and availability of alternative energy sources and the application of government regulations. Legal, Regulatory and Environmental Risks We Are Subject to Extensive Governmental Regulation, Which Can Change and Could Adversely Impact Our Business Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state, tribal and local laws and regulations, including with respect to environmental matters, worker health and safety, land and wildlife conservation, the gathering and transportation of oil, gas and NGLs, resource management and conservation policies, reporting obligations, royalty payments, unclaimed property and the imposition of taxes. Such regulations include requirements for permits to drill and to conduct other operations and for provision of financial assurances (such as surety bonds) covering drilling, completion and well operations and decommissioning obligations. If permits are delayed or not issued, or if unfavorable restrictions or conditions are imposed on our drilling or completion activities, we may not be able to conduct our operations as planned. Moreover, certain regulations require the plugging and abandonment of wells, removal of production facilities and other restorative actions by current and former operators, including corporate successors of former 19 Table of Contents operators, which means that we are exposed to the risk that owners or operators of assets acquired from us (or our predecessors) become unable to satisfy plugging or abandonment and other restorative obligations that attach to those assets. In that event, due to operation of law, we may be required to assume such obligations, which could be material. We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and remediation costs as a result of these and other laws, regulations, permits and orders to which we are subject. Changes in public policy have affected, and in the future could further affect, our operations. For example, various policy makers have expressed support for, and have taken steps to implement, efforts to transition the economy away from fossil fuels and to promote stricter environmental regulations, and such proposals could impose new and more onerous burdens on our industry and business. The IRA, for instance, contains hundreds of billions of dollars in incentives for the development of renewable energy, clean fuels and carbon capture and sequestration, among other provisions, potentially further accelerating the transition toward lower-or zero-carbon emissions alternatives to fossil fuels. These and other regulatory and public policy developments could, among other things, restrict production levels, delay necessary permitting, impose price controls, change environmental protection requirements, impose restrictions on pipelines or other necessary infrastructure, raise taxes, royalties and other amounts payable to governments or governmental agencies and otherwise increase our operating costs. In addition, changes in public policy may indirectly impact our operations by, among other things, increasing the cost of supplies and equipment and fostering general economic uncertainty. While Congress and the current U.S. administration have taken various actions to slow or limit the availability of funding under the IRA, some of these efforts have been challenged and the ultimate effect of the IRA remains uncertain. For example, OBBB includes provisions that roll back certain aspects of the IRA, which could further restrict access to funding and incentives. Although we are unable to predict changes to existing laws and regulations, such changes could significantly impact our profitability, financial condition and liquidity, particularly changes related to the matters discussed in more detail below. Federal Lands – Federal policy makers have from time to time expressed support for, and have taken steps to implement, additional regulation of oil and gas leasing, permitting and development on federal lands. For example, the Department of the Interior adopted a final rule in April 2024 revising various terms for future federal leases and wells, including by enhancing bonding requirements and increasing royalty rates, rental rates and minimum bids. Moreover, non-governmental organizations, trade groups and other private parties have filed lawsuits challenging leasing, permitting and other regulatory decisions relating to our and other industry participants’ oil and gas development on federal lands, which, if successful, could hinder or delay development activities or otherwise adversely impact operations. While it is not possible at this time to predict the ultimate impact of these actions or any other future regulatory changes, including any potential actions by the current U.S. administration, any additional restrictions or burdens on our ability to operate on federal lands could adversely impact our business in the Delaware and Powder River Basins, as well as other areas where we operate under federal leases. Hydraulic Fracturing – Various federal agencies have asserted regulatory authority over certain aspects of the hydraulic fracturing process. For example, the EPA has issued regulations under the federal Clean Air Act establishing performance standards for oil and gas activities, including standards for the capture of air emissions released during hydraulic fracturing, and it previously finalized regulations that prohibit the discharge of wastewater from hydraulic fracturing operations to publicly owned wastewater treatment plants. Moreover, several state and local governments in areas in which we operate have adopted, or stated intentions to adopt, laws or regulations that mandate further restrictions on hydraulic fracturing, such as requiring disclosure of chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing, imposing more stringent permitting, disclosure and well-construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing operations and establishing standards for the capture of air emissions released during hydraulic fracturing. Beyond these regulatory efforts, various policy makers, regulatory agencies and political leaders at the federal, state and local levels have proposed implementing even further restrictions on hydraulic fracturing, including prohibiting the technology outright. Although it is not possible at this time to predict the outcome of these or other proposals, any new restrictions on hydraulic fracturing that may be imposed in areas in which we conduct business could potentially result in increased compliance costs, delays or cessation in development or other restrictions on our operations. Environmental Laws Generally – In addition to regulatory efforts focused on hydraulic fracturing, we are subject to various other federal, state, tribal and local laws and regulations relating to discharge of materials into, and protection of, the environment. These laws and regulations may, among other things, impose liability on us for the cost of remediating pollution that results from our operations or prior operations on assets we have acquired. Environmental laws may impose strict, joint and several liability, and failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations can result in the imposition of administrative, civil or criminal fines and penalties, as well as injunctions limiting operations in affected areas. Any future environmental costs of fulfilling our commitments to the environment are uncertain and will be governed by several factors, including future changes to regulatory requirements. Any such changes could have a significant impact on our operations and profitability. 20 Table of Contents Water Disposal – Earthquakes in southeastern New Mexico, western Texas and elsewhere have prompted concerns about seismic activity and possible relationships with the oil and gas industry, particularly the disposal of wastewater in salt-water disposal wells. In addition, similar concerns have been raised about the potential connection between water disposal activities and certain surface uplift, subsidence and other ground movement in western Texas and other areas of industry activity. Increased regulation and attention given to water disposal activities could lead to greater efforts, including through litigation, to limit or prohibit oil and gas activities relying on injection wells for produced water disposal. For example, New Mexico implemented protocols requiring operators to take various actions with respect to salt-water disposal wells within a specified proximity of certain seismic activity, including a requirement to limit injection rates if the seismic event is of a certain magnitude. Separately, the Railroad Commission of Texas has shown increasing regulatory focus on seismicity and the oil and gas industry in recent years, including by suspending all disposal well permits that inject into deep strata within the Northern Culberson-Reeves area due to increasing seismicity concerns. These or similar actions directed at our operating areas could limit the takeaway capacity for produced water in the impacted area, which could increase our operating expenses, require us to curtail our development plans or otherwise adversely impact our operations. Tax Matters – We are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income, capital and other taxes in various U.S. state and foreign jurisdictions, and our operating cash flow is sensitive to the amount of taxes we must pay. In the jurisdictions in which we or any of our subsidiaries operate or previously operated, income taxes are assessed on our earnings after consideration of all allowable deductions and credits. Changes in the types of earnings that are subject to income tax, the types of costs that are considered allowable deductions and the timing of such deductions, or the rates assessed on our taxable earnings could significantly increase our tax obligations, adversely impacting our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, more generally, a change in any U.S. federal, state or local or foreign tax law, treaty, policy, statute, rule, regulation or ordinance, or in the interpretation thereof, in any jurisdiction in which we or any of our subsidiaries operate, or in which we or any of our subsidiaries are organized, could result in us incurring a materially higher tax expense, which would also adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, the IRA included a 15% CAMT on certain financial statement income. Any incremental taxes attributable to CAMT or any other tax law changes, or a change in our current interpretation thereof, could be significant and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, we are regularly audited by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax positions are reasonable and properly supported, if one or more of our tax positions are challenged by the IRS or other tax authorities (in a tax audit or otherwise), material cash payments or adjustments to tax expense may occur, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Climate Change and Related Regulatory, Social and Market Actions May Adversely Affect Our Business Continuing and increasing political and social attention to the issue of climate change has resulted in legislative, regulatory and other initiatives, including international agreements, to reduce GHG emissions, such as carbon dioxide and methane. Policy makers and regulators at both the U.S. federal and state levels have from time to time imposed, or stated intentions to impose, laws and regulations designed to quantify and limit the emission of GHG. For example, in December 2023, the EPA finalized more stringent methane rules for new, modified and reconstructed facilities, known as OOOOb, as well as standards for existing sources for the first time ever, known as OOOOc. The final rule includes, among other things, enhanced leak detection survey requirements using optical gas imaging and other advanced monitoring, zero-emission requirements for certain devices, and reduction of emissions by 95% through capture and control systems. The final rule also establishes a “super emitter” response program that allows third parties to make reports to the EPA of large methane emissions events, triggering certain investigation and repair requirements. Fines and penalties for violations of these rules can be substantial. The rules have been subject to legal challenge, although OOOOb is already in effect. Relatedly, the IRA imposed a new charge or fee with respect to excess methane emissions from certain petroleum and natural gas facilities starting in 2024 and annually increasing through 2026. Although the current U.S. administration delayed the imposition of the fee until 2034, we cannot predict whether this or any future administration may seek to revise or repeal this delay or the timing of any such actions. In addition to these federal efforts, the states where we operate have already imposed, or stated intentions to impose, laws or regulations designed to reduce methane emissions from oil and gas exploration and production activities, including by mandating new leak detection and retrofitting requirements. Policy makers have also advocated for expanding existing, or creating new, reporting and disclosure requirements regarding GHG emissions and other climate-related matters. For example, the EPA adopted amendments in May 2024 to its GHG Reporting Program, which, among other things, added well blowouts and other abnormal events as new categories of sources for GHG emissions reporting. In addition, the SEC finalized rules in March 2024 that would have required public companies to include extensive climate-related disclosures in their SEC filings. In April 2024, the SEC stayed the effectiveness of these rules pending the completion of a judicial review of certain legal challenges, and the current U.S. administration has declined to defend the rules in the legal challenges, which has resulted in a stay of the challenges that will remain in effect until the rules are withdrawn or the government resumes its defense of the rules. Similarly, California enacted legislation in October 2023 requiring extensive climate-related disclosures for 21 Table of Contents companies deemed to be doing business in California, and other states are considering similar laws. The European Union has also adopted a set of policy initiatives, including the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive and the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive, which impose expansive sustainability reporting and due diligence requirements for both European Union and certain non-European Union companies. While we are still assessing the applicability of the European Union directives, we would expect to incur substantial additional compliance costs to the extent these or similar disclosure requirements apply to us. We further anticipate the costs and other risks associated with any such disclosure requirements to be particularly heightened, given that reporting frameworks on GHG emissions and other climate-related metrics are still maturing and often require the use of numerous assumptions and judgments. With respect to more comprehensive regulation, policy makers and political leaders have made, or expressed support for, a variety of proposals, such as the development of cap-and-trade or carbon tax programs. At the international level, over 190 countries have signed the Paris Agreement, which requires member nations to submit non-binding GHG emissions reduction goals every five years. Subsequent United Nations climate conferences have called for additional action to transition away from fossil fuels or otherwise reduce GHG emissions. The current U.S. administration re-withdrew the United States from the Paris Agreement in January 2025, and, in January 2026, the current U.S. administration announced that the United States was withdrawing from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and the various climate-related programs under this Framework. As a result, the United States’ participation in future United Nations climate-related efforts is unclear. At the state level, there have been attempts to introduce legislation whereby certain entities found responsible for contributing toward climate change over a period of time are required to pay into a fund used for climate-related projects. For example, in December 2024, New York passed its “Climate Superfund Law,” which provides for the assessment of a fee for emitters that have a sufficient nexus to the state and are found to have released more than one billion tons of carbon dioxide during 2000 through 2018. Vermont passed a similar law in May 2024, and similar legislation has been proposed in California, Massachusetts and New Jersey. We have been identified by New York as a potentially responsible party under the law; however, to date, we have not received any cost recovery demand. These and other initiatives could negatively impact our business through restrictions or cancellations of oil and natural gas activities, a requirement to pay damages, greater costs of compliance or consumption (thereby reducing demand for our products) or an impairment in our ability to continue our operations in an economic manner. In addition to regulatory risk, other market and social initiatives relating to climate change present risks for our business. For example, in an effort to promote a lower-carbon economy, there are various public and private initiatives subsidizing or otherwise encouraging the development and adoption of alternative energy sources and technologies, including by mandating the use of specific fuels or technologies. These initiatives may reduce the competitiveness of carbon-based fuels, such as oil and gas. Moreover, an increasing number of financial institutions, funds and other sources of capital have restricted or eliminated their investment in oil and natural gas activities due to their concern regarding climate change. Such restrictions in capital could decrease the value of our business and make it more difficult to fund our operations. In addition, governmental entities and other plaintiffs have brought, and may continue to bring, claims against us and other oil and gas companies for purported damages caused by the alleged effects of climate change. The increasing attention to climate change may result in further claims or investigations against us, and heightened societal or political pressures may increase the possibility that liability could be imposed on us in such matters without regard to our causation of, or contribution to, the asserted damage or violation, or to other mitigating factors. Finally, climate change may also result in various enhanced physical risks, such as an increased frequency or intensity of extreme weather events or changes in meteorological and hydrological patterns, that may adversely impact our operations. Such physical risks may result in damage to our facilities or otherwise adversely impact our operations, such as if we are subject to water use curtailments in response to drought, or demand for our products, such as to the extent warmer winters reduce demand for energy for heating purposes. These and the other risks discussed above could result in additional costs, new restrictions on our operations and reputational harm to us, as well as reduce the actual and forecasted demand for our products. These effects in turn could impair or lower the value of our assets, including by resulting in uneconomic or “stranded” assets, and otherwise adversely impact our profitability, liquidity and financial condition. Our Environmental Performance Targets and Other Sustainability Initiatives May Expose Us to Risks We have developed, and may continue to develop, voluntary targets related to our sustainability initiatives, including our environmental performance targets and strategy. Any public statements related to these initiatives reflect our current plans and expectations and are not a guarantee the targets will be achieved or achieved on the currently anticipated timeline. Additionally, such statements are often based on assumptions or hypothetical scenarios which are necessarily uncertain. Our ability to achieve any targets is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, including market factors, unanticipated changes in societal behavior, capital constraints, the pace of technological advancement and governmental policies or priorities. Moreover, as 22 Table of Contents emission measurement protocols mature and related technologies continue to develop, we may be required to revise our emissions estimates and reduction goals or otherwise revise the strategies outlined in our sustainability initiatives. If our sustainability initiatives do not meet our investors’ or other stakeholders’ evolving expectations and standards (including those in support of or in opposition to ESG principles), investment in us may be viewed as less attractive and our reputation and business may be adversely impacted. Additionally, public statements with respect to environmental targets or other ESG-related goals are becoming increasingly subject to heightened scrutiny from public and governmental authorities, as well as other parties, with respect to the risk of potential “greenwashing,” i.e., misleading information or false claims overstating potential ESG benefits. Certain regulators, such as the SEC and various state agencies, as well as non-governmental organizations and other private actors have filed lawsuits under various securities and consumer protection laws alleging that certain ESG statements were misleading, false or otherwise deceptive. Conversely, “anti-ESG” sentiment has gained momentum among some governmental and private actors, and various federal and state policy makers have enacted or proposed “anti-ESG” policies, legislation and other initiatives, including efforts targeting certain practices and programs related to diversity, equity and inclusion. As a result, we may also face heightened scrutiny, reputational risk, lawsuits or market access restrictions from these parties regarding our sustainability initiatives. Claims, Litigation, Audits and Other Proceedings, Including Relating to Historic and Legacy Operations, May Adversely Impact Us Devon is subject to claims, litigation, audits, investigations and other proceedings, including proceedings by governments, taxing authorities and other regulatory bodies, involving a wide range of issues, such as royalty underpayment claims, tax audits, alleged environmental law violations and claims for alleged environmental damages or remediation obligations. The outcomes of these matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to numerous uncertainties, and estimating associated reserves or loss exposure involves significant judgment that may not reflect the full range of possible results. Moreover, a number of these claims and proceedings relate to historic operations or the operations of predecessor entities, which can increase the difficulty in making reserve or loss determinations due to the age of the underlying matter, limited access to relevant information or other factors. Until the final resolution of such matters, Devon may be exposed to losses in excess of any liabilities recorded, and such amounts could be material. Should any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Price Controls, Export Restrictions and Other Governmental Interventions in Energy Markets May Adversely Impact Our Business Domestic and foreign governmental bodies have from time to time intervened in energy markets by imposing price controls, restricting exports, limiting production or otherwise taking actions to impact the availability and price of oil, natural gas and NGLs. For instance, members of the European Union agreed to a price-cap framework in December 2022 for the trading of natural gas in response to rising energy costs in Europe. Similarly, during 2021 and 2022, former President Biden authorized several releases from the U.S. Strategic Petroleum Reserve in an effort to lower domestic energy prices. More recently, in May 2024, the European Union approved new regulations imposing fossil fuel import standards, which include disclosure, emission mitigation work practices and methane intensity threshold requirements, which could impact our ability to sell production in European markets. Governments may take similar actions in the future, particularly in the event of disruption in energy markets or national emergency. Any such interventions could adversely impact our business, including by depressing the price of our production and generally introducing greater uncertainty to our operations. Risks Relating to the Merger We May Fail to Realize the Anticipated Benefits of the Merger, and Any Failure to Successfully Integrate the Businesses and Operations of Devon and Coterra May Adversely Affect Our Future Results The success of the Merger will depend on, among other things, the combined company’s ability to realize anticipated synergies and benefits. If the combined company is not able to successfully achieve these synergies, or the cost to achieve these synergies is greater than expected, then the anticipated benefits of the Merger may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. Moreover, if we do not realize such benefits or for any other reason, the board of directors of the combined company may not approve, or delay the approval of, the anticipated increases in our dividends and share repurchase authorization following the Merger, which could negatively impact our stock price. 23 Table of Contents We and Coterra have operated and, until the completion of the Merger, will continue to operate independently. There can be no assurances that our businesses can be integrated successfully. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key Devon employees or key Coterra employees, the loss of customers, the disruption of our or Coterra’s ongoing businesses, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, unexpected integration issues, higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. Devon and Coterra and certain of their respective subsidiaries also have contracts with various business partners, which contracts may grant the counterparties certain rights in connection with the Merger or which may require Devon or Coterra, as applicable, to obtain consents from these counterparties. If such rights are triggered or such consents cannot be obtained, the counterparties to these contracts may have the ability to terminate, reduce the scope of or otherwise seek to vary the terms of their relationships or the terms of such contracts with either or both parties, and the combined company may suffer a loss of potential future revenue, incur costs and lose rights that may be material to the business of the combined company. Furthermore, the combined company’s board of directors and management team will consist of directors and employees from each of Devon and Coterra, as applicable. Combining the boards of directors and management teams of each company into a single board and a single management team could require the reconciliation of differing priorities and strategic philosophies, which may not be successful or take longer than anticipated. We Are Subject to Certain Restrictions in the Merger Agreement That May Hinder Operations Pending the Consummation of the Merger, and We May Be the Target of Securities Class Action and Derivative Lawsuits as a Result of the Merger Whether or not the Merger is completed, the pending Merger may disrupt our current plans and operations, which could adversely impact our business operations and financial results. During the pendency of the Merger, the Merger Agreement restricts us from engaging in specified types of actions, including, among other things, acquisition, divestiture and financing activities and unbudgeted capital expenditures, in each case subject to certain exceptions. These restrictions could be in place for an extended period of time if the consummation of the Merger is delayed, which may delay or prevent us from undertaking business opportunities that, absent the Merger Agreement, we might have pursued, or from effectively responding to competitive pressures or industry developments. In addition, litigation is common in connection with mergers and acquisitions of public companies, regardless of any merits related to the claims. Defending against these claims can result in substantial costs and divert management time and resources. An adverse judgment could result in monetary damages. Moreover, if a plaintiff is successful in obtaining an inju
[...TRUNCATED...]