TICKER=DXCM|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/DXCM_2026-02-12.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 27 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 71 ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity 71 ITEM 2. Properties 73 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 73 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 74 PART II ITEM 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 75 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 76 ITEM 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 77 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 87 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 88 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 88 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 89 ITEM 9B. Other Information 91 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 91 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 92 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 92 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 92 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 92 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 93 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 94 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 96 Signatures 97 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Except for historical financial information contained herein, the matters discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and subject to the safe harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include declarations regarding our operations, financial condition and prospects, and business strategies, and are based on management’s intent, beliefs, expectations, and assumptions as of the date of this report. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. Actual results could differ materially from those indicated or implied by such forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (i) that the information is of a preliminary nature and may be subject to further adjustment; (ii) those risks and uncertainties identified under “Risk Factors”; and (iii) the other risks detailed from time-to-time in our other reports and registration statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market, and other data from reports, research surveys, studies, and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data, and similar sources. Available Information The mailing address of our headquarters is 6340 Sequence Drive, San Diego, California, 92121, and our telephone number at that location is (858) 200-0200. Our website address is located at www.dexcom.com and our investor relations website is located at investors.dexcom.com. We file electronically with the SEC our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. We make available on our website, free of charge, copies of these reports and other information as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The reports are also available at www.sec.gov. We announce material information to the public about us, our products, and other matters through a variety of means, including filings with the SEC, press releases, public conference calls, presentations, webcasts, and our investor relations website in order to achieve broad, non-exclusionary distribution of information to the public and to comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. We also routinely post important information for investors on our website noted above, and we may use this website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investor Relations portion of our website noted above. Also available on our website are printable versions of our Audit Committee charter, Compensation Committee charter, Nominating and Governance Committee charter, Technology Committee charter, Corporate Governance Principles for the Board of Directors, and Code of Conduct and Business Ethics. Stockholders may request copies of these documents by mail or telephone, at the address or phone number provided above. Except as expressly set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the contents of our website and/or our investor relations website are not incorporated by reference into, or otherwise to be regarded as part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website and/or our investor relations website are intended to be inactive textual references only. The information disclosed by the foregoing channels could be deemed to be material information. As such, we encourage investors, the media, and others to follow the channels listed above and review the information disclosed through such channels. “Dexcom”, “Dexcom Clarity”, “Dexcom Follow”, “Dexcom One”, “Dexcom ONE+” “Dexcom Share”, “Stelo”, and any related logos and design marks appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are either registered trademarks or trademarks of DexCom, Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. Other service marks, trademarks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. 3 Summary of Risk Factors The below summary of risk factors provides an overview of many of the risks we are exposed to in the normal course of our business activities. As a result, the below summary risks do not contain all of the information that may be important to you, and you should read the summary risks together with the more detailed discussion of risks set forth following this section under the heading “Risk Factors,” as well as elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional risks, beyond those summarized below or discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may apply to our activities or operations as currently conducted or as we may conduct them in the future or in the markets in which we operate or may in the future operate. Consistent with the foregoing, we are exposed to a variety of risks, including risks associated with the following: • If we experience decreasing prices for our products and we are unable to reduce our expenses, including the per unit cost of producing our products, there may be a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. • Although many third-party payors have adopted some form of coverage policy for continuous glucose monitoring devices, our products do not always have such coverage, including simple broad-based contractual coverage with third-party payors, and we frequently experience administrative challenges in obtaining coverage or reimbursement for our products. If we are unable to obtain adequately broad coverage or reimbursement for our products or any future products from third-party payors, our revenue may be negatively impacted. • The research and development efforts we undertake independently, and in some instances in connection with our collaborations with third parties, may not result in the development of commercially viable products, the generation of significant future revenues or adequate profitability. • Our products may not achieve or maintain market acceptance. • If we, our suppliers, or our distributors fail to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements, including responding to the FDA warning letter, or if we have unanticipated problems with our products, the products could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market. • If our manufacturing capabilities are insufficient to produce an adequate supply of product at appropriate quality levels, our growth could be limited and our business could be harmed. • Manufacturing difficulties and/or any disruption at our facilities may adversely affect our manufacturing operations and related product sales, and increase our expenses. • We depend upon third-party suppliers and outsource to other parties, making us vulnerable to supply disruptions, suboptimal quality, non-compliance and/or price fluctuations, which could harm our business. • If we are unable to establish and maintain adequate sales, marketing and distribution capabilities and/or enter into and maintain arrangements with third parties to sell, market and distribute our products, we may have difficulty achieving market awareness and selling our products in the future. • We operate in a highly competitive market and face competition from large, well-established companies with significant resources, and, as a result, we may not be able to compete effectively. • We are subject to a variety of risks due to our international operations th at could adversely affect our business, our operations or profitability and operating results. • We are subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations and other requirements regarding privacy, data protection, security, and other matters. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, monetary penalties, increased cost of operations, or declines in user growth or engagement, or otherwise harm our business. • Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents could result in the compromise of confidential data or critical data systems and give rise to potential harm to customers, remediation and other expenses, expose us to liability under HIPAA, consumer protection laws, or other common law theories, subject us to litigation and federal and state governmental inquiries, damage our reputation, and otherwise be disruptive to our business and operations. • We conduct business in a heavily regulated industry and if we fail to comply with applicable laws and government regulations, we could become subject to penalties, be excluded from participation in government programs, and/or be required to make significant changes to our operations. • Managed care trends and consolidation in the health care industry could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 4 • If we are unable to successfully complete the pre-clinical studies or clinical trials necessary to support additional PMA, de novo, or 510(k) applications or supplements, we may be unable to commercialize our CGM systems under development, which could impair our business, financial condition and operating results. • Health care policy changes, including U.S. health care reform legislation, may have a material adverse effect on our business. • We are subject to claims of infringement or misappropriation of the intellectual property rights of others, which could prohibit us from shipping affected products, require us to obtain licenses from third parties or to develop non-infringing alternatives, and subject us to substantial monetary damages and injunctive relief. We may also be subject to other claims or suits. • Our inability to adequately protect our intellectual property could allow our competitors and others to produce products based on our technology, which could substantially impair our ability to compete. • We face the risk of product liability claims and may be subject to damages, fines, penalties and injunctions, among other things. • We could become the subject of governmental investigations, claims and litigation. • We have incurred significant losses in the past and may incur losses in the future. • Our stock price is highly volatile and investing in our stock involves a high degree of risk, which could result in substantial losses for investors. • We have indebtedness in the form of convertible senior notes, which could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to respond to changes in our business. • Sustainability (including environmental, social and governance) regulations, policies and provisions could expose us to numerous risks. 5 PART I ITEM 1 - BUSINESS Overview We are a medical device company primarily focused on the design, development and commercialization of continuous glucose monitoring, or CGM, systems for the management of diabetes and metabolic health by patients, caregivers, and clinicians around the world. We received approval from the Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and commercialized our first product in 2006. We launched our latest generation systems, the Dexcom G7 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System, or G7, in 2023, and the Dexcom G7 15 Day Continuous Glucose Monitoring System, or G7 15 Day, in late 2025. In August 2024, we launched Stelo, our biosensor designed for adults with prediabetes and Type 2 diabetes who do not use insulin, as the first over-the-counter glucose biosensor in the U.S. Unless the context requires otherwise, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” the “company,” or “Dexcom” refer to DexCom, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Products Dexcom G7 and G7 15 Day In March 2022, we obtained Conformité Européenne Marking, or CE Mark, approval for G7. In December 2022, we obtained marketing authorization from the FDA for the G7 via the 510(k) review process. The G7 is an integrated continuous glucose monitoring system, or iCGM, and is classified as a Class II device by the FDA, and is subject to special controls for iCGMs that outline requirements for assuring CGM accuracy, reliability and clinical relevance, and which also outlines the type of studies and data required to demonstrate acceptable CGM performance. The glucose value algorithm, ability to communicate with approved display and mobile devices, and compatibility with Dexcom Clarity, our cloud-based reporting software, are all substantially equivalent in technical performance and capability to the prior generation Dexcom G6 Continuous Glucose Monitoring Integrated System, or G6. The G7 is cleared in the United States for all people with diabetes ages two years and older, giving more people than ever access to a powerfully simple diabetes management solution. In April 2025, we obtained marketing authorization from the FDA for the G7 15 Day via the 510(k) review process for people over the age of 18 with diabetes in the United States. Like the G7, the G7 15 Day is an iCGM classified as a Class II device by the FDA, and is subject to iCGM special controls. The G7 15 Day extends the wear period to 15.5 days and is generally consistent with our prior generation CGM systems in its technical capabilities and its indications. In the United States, the G7 is covered by Medicare and Medicaid in the majority of states and by commercial insurers, subject to satisfaction of certain eligibility and coverage criteria for individuals with both Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes. G7 15 Day will also be covered for Medicare beneficiaries and has met the category requirements for therapeutic CGM systems set forth by the U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS. With an overall Mean Absolute Relative Difference, or MARD, of 8.0%, as well as 94.2% of values within 20% of their comparator, the G7 15 Day is the most accurate CGM cleared by the FDA and is clinically proven to lower A1C (a blood test that provides information about average levels of blood glucose, over the prior three months), reduce hyper- and hypoglycemia, and increase time in range. The G7 and G7 15 Day carry forward important features of prior generation Dexcom CGM systems: • Finger stick elimination. No finger sticks are needed for calibration or diabetes treatment decisions, consistent with the instructions for use, unless symptoms do not match readings. • Continuous glucose readings. Automatically sends glucose readings to a Dexcom receiver or compatible display device every five minutes. • Mobile app and sharing. Compatibility with mobile device applications allows for sharing glucose information with up to 10 other people for added support and care coordination. • Designed to integrate with the world’s largest connected CGM ecosystem (including insulin pumps and smart insulin pens, Apple Watch, Garmin and other digital health apps). • Customizable alarms and alerts. Personalized alert schedule immediately warns the user of pending dangerous high and low blood sugar levels. • Easy sensor application. Complete redesign of the sensor applicator allows for one-touch, simple self-insertion. 6 • Medication blocking. New feature allows for more accurate glucose readings without interference from common medications taken at typical indication doses, such as acetaminophen. • Predictive low alert. Alert feature intended to predict hypoglycemia before it hits to help avoid dangerous low blood sugar events. • Extended 15.5 day disposable sensor and 10-day disposable sensor, for the G7 15 Day and G7, respectively. The G7 and G7 15 Day also have a number of new or improved features compared to our prior generation devices: • An even more discreet and low profile. A redesigned transmitter makes for an all-in-one wearable, combining our sensor and transmitter that is 60% smaller than the G6, making it even more comfortable and easier to wear under clothing. • Faster warm up. 30-minute sensor warm up for the G7, fastest of any CGM on the market, and 60-minute sensor warm up for the G7 15 Day. • Expanded time to replace sensors. 12-hour grace period to replace finished sensors for a more seamless transition between sessions. • New mobile app. Redesigned and simplified mobile app with Dexcom Clarity integration. • Improved alert settings for enhanced discretion at the user’s option . • Redesigned receiver. The optional receiver is smaller, with a more vibrant, easier to read display. • New indications for use. For the G7, indicated in the United States for wear on the back of the upper arm for ages 2 years and older or the upper buttocks for ages 2-6 years old. • Less waste. Smaller plastic components and packaging, resulting in less waste than the G6. Other than the foregoing, the G7 and the G7 15 Day are generally consistent with our prior generation CGM systems in its technical capabilities and its indications. Since the G7 and G7 15 Day are classified by the FDA as a Class II device, special controls and modifications of, or revisions to, the device may be made under the 510(k) process. Dexcom G6 In March 2018, we obtained marketing authorization from the FDA for the G6 via the de novo process. The G6 was the first type of CGM system permitted by the FDA to be used as part of an integrated system with other compatible medical devices and electronic interfaces, which may include automated insulin delivery systems, insulin pumps, blood glucose meters or other electronic devices used for diabetes management. In June 2018, we received CE Mark approval for the G6, which allows us to market the system in the European Union and the countries in Asia and Latin America that recognize the CE Mark, as well as New Zealand, though certain countries may require compliance with certain local administrative requirements and/or additional marketing authorizations (for example, the inclusion of medical devices on the Australian Register of Therapeutic Goods in Australia). We anticipate transitioning our G6 customers to our G7 and G7 15 Day sensor systems by the end of 2026. Dexcom ONE+ In November 2023, we obtained CE Mark approval for our Dexcom ONE+ CGM system, or Dexcom ONE+, which we have launched in several countries in Europe. Dexcom ONE+ carries many of the same features as the G7, and is indicated for persons, including pregnant women, ages 2 years and older. Like our other CGM systems, Dexcom ONE+ is designed to replace finger stick blood glucose testing for diabetes treatment decisions. Our previous generation Dexcom ONE CGM system, with similar features as G6, is anticipated to be phased out by the end of 2026. Stelo In August 2024, we launched Stelo, our biosensor designed for adults with prediabetes and Type 2 diabetes who do not use insulin, as the first over-the-counter glucose biosensor in the U.S. By virtue of not requiring a prescription, Stelo expands access to CGM beyond people with diabetes to include those seeking to optimize metabolic health to more effectively and conveniently manage their glucose levels. Dexcom Share and Dexcom Follow The Dexcom Share remote monitoring system, offered for use with any current Dexcom system, uses an app on the patient’s compatible iPhone, iPod touch, iPad or Android mobile device to securely and wirelessly transmit glucose 7 information to the cloud and then to apps on the mobile devices of up to ten designated recipients, or “followers,” who can remotely monitor a patient’s glucose information and receive alert notifications anywhere they have a wireless connection via the Dexcom Follow app. A patient’s glucose data can also be displayed on a patient’s or follower’s wearable device, such as the Apple Watch and Wear OS by Google devices, when used in conjunction with the patient’s or follower’s compatible iPhone or Android mobile device. Data and Insulin Delivery Collaborations We have entered into multiple collaboration agreements that leverage our technology platform to integrate our CGM products with insulin delivery systems. The general purpose of these development and commercial relationships is to integrate our technology into the insulin pump or pen product offerings of the respective partner, enabling the partner’s insulin delivery device to receive and display glucose readings from our transmitter and, in some cases, use the glucose readings for semi-automated insulin delivery. We have existing insulin delivery partnerships, and we are also working with other companies that are pursuing varying strategies surrounding semi-automated insulin delivery and data analytics to improve outcomes and ease-of-use in diabetes management. We have also entered into collaborations with several organizations that are currently using, or are developing, programs for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes that utilize our current CGM systems. These collaborations align with the strategy to seek broader access to our CGM systems for people with Type 2 diabetes, including those who are not treated with intensive insulin therapy. Market Opportunity Diabetes Diabetes is a chronic, life-threatening disease for which there is no known cure and which has other significant adverse consequences for human health throughout the world. The disease is caused by the body’s inability to produce or effectively utilize the hormone insulin. This inability prevents the body from adequately regulating blood glucose levels. Glucose, the primary source of energy for cells, must be maintained at certain concentrations in the blood in order to permit optimal cell function and health. Normally, the pancreas provides control of blood glucose levels by secreting the hormone insulin to decrease blood glucose levels when concentrations are too high. In people with diabetes, the body does not produce sufficient levels of insulin, or fails to utilize insulin effectively, causing blood glucose levels to rise above normal. This condition is called hyperglycemia and often results in acute complications as well as chronic long-term complications such as heart disease, limb amputations, loss of kidney function and blindness. When blood glucose levels are high, people with diabetes often administer insulin in an effort to decrease blood glucose levels. Unfortunately, insulin administration can drive blood glucose levels below the normal range, resulting in hypoglycemia. In cases of severe hypoglycemia, people with diabetes risk acute complications, such as loss of consciousness or death. Due to the drastic nature of acute complications associated with hypoglycemia, many people with diabetes are reluctant to reduce blood glucose levels. Consequently, these individuals often remain in a hyperglycemic state, increasing their odds of developing long-term chronic complications. Diabetes is typically classified into two major groups: Type 1 and Type 2. The International Diabetes Federation, or IDF, estimates that in 2024, 589 million adults (aged 20-79) around the world had diabetes. IDF estimates that by 2050, the worldwide incidence of people suffering from diabetes will reach 853 million. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC, in its National Diabetes Statistics Report, 2024, or the 2024 CDC Report, crude estimates for the prevalence of diabetes in the United States as of 2021 include 38.4 million people with diabetes, of which 29.7 million people have diagnosed diabetes. This growing diabetes prevalence and its associated health outcomes also result in sobering economic burdens for global health systems. According to the American Diabetes Association, or ADA, one in every four healthcare dollars was spent on treating people with diabetes in 2022, and the direct medical costs and indirect expenditures attributable to diabetes in the United States were an estimated $413 billion, an inflation-adjusted increase of approximately 35% since 2012. Type 1 Diabetes According to the 2024 CDC Report, as of 2021 there were an estimated 2.0 million adults and youth with diagnosed Type 1 diabetes in the United States. Type 1 diabetes is an autoimmune disorder that usually develops during childhood and is characterized by an absence of insulin, resulting from destruction of the insulin producing cells of the pancreas. Individuals with Type 1 diabetes must rely on frequent insulin injections in order to regulate and maintain blood glucose levels. 8 Type 2 Diabetes Type 2 diabetes is a metabolic disorder which results when the body is unable to produce sufficient amounts of insulin or becomes insulin resistant. Depending on the severity of Type 2 diabetes, individuals may require diet and nutrition management, exercise, oral medications or insulin injections to regulate blood glucose levels. We estimate that greater than 6 million people with Type 2 diabetes in the United States must use insulin to manage their diabetes. Importance of Glucose Monitoring Blood glucose levels can be affected by many factors, including the carbohydrate and fat content of meals, exercise, stress, illness or impending illness, hormonal releases, variability in insulin absorption and changes in the effects of insulin in the body. Given the many factors that affect blood glucose levels, maintaining glucose within a normal range is difficult, resulting in frequent and unpredictable excursions above or below normal blood glucose levels. People with diabetes administer insulin or ingest carbohydrates throughout the day in order to maintain blood glucose levels within normal ranges. People with diabetes frequently overcorrect and fluctuate between hyperglycemic and hypoglycemic states, often multiple times during the same day. As a result, many people with diabetes are routinely outside the normal blood glucose range. Failure to maintain blood glucose levels within the normal range leads to numerous and significant health risks. These risks include eye disease, nerve disease, kidney disease, cardiovascular disease and potentially hypoglycemic events. Limitations of Existing Glucose Monitoring Products Single-point finger stick devices are the most prevalent devices for glucose monitoring. These devices require taking a blood sample with a finger stick, placing a drop of blood on a test strip and inserting the strip into a glucose meter that yields a single point in time blood glucose measurement. We believe that these devices suffer from several limitations, including: • Limited Information. Even if people with diabetes test several times each day, each measurement represents a single blood glucose value at a single point in time. Given the many factors that can affect blood glucose levels, excursions above and below the normal range often occur between these discrete measurement points in time. Without the ability to determine whether their blood glucose level is rising, falling or holding constant, and the rate at which their blood glucose level is changing, the individual’s ability to effectively manage and maintain blood glucose levels within normal ranges is severely limited. Further, people with diabetes cannot test themselves during sleep, when the risk of hypoglycemia is significantly increased. The illustrative graph below shows the limited information provided by four single-point measurements during a single day using a traditional single-point finger stick device, compared to the data provided by our continuous sensor. The continuous data indicates that, even with four finger sticks in one day, the patient’s blood glucose levels were above the target range of 80-140 milligrams per deciliter (“mg/dl”) for a period of 13.5 hours. 9 Single Day Continuous Data • Inconvenience. The process of measuring blood glucose levels with single-point finger stick devices can cause significant disruption in the daily activities of people with diabetes and their families. People with diabetes using single-point finger stick devices must stop whatever they are doing several times per day, self-inflict a painful prick and draw blood to measure blood glucose levels. To do so, people with diabetes must always carry a fully supplied kit that may include a spring-loaded needle, or lancet, disposable test strips, cleansing wipes and the meter, and then safely dispose of the used supplies. This process is inconvenient and may cause uneasiness in social situations. • Difficulty of Use. To obtain a sample with single-point finger stick devices, people with diabetes generally prick one of their fingertips or, occasionally, a forearm with a lancet. They then squeeze the area to produce the blood sample and another prick may be required if a sufficient volume of blood is not obtained the first time. The blood sample is then placed on a disposable test strip that is inserted into a blood glucose meter. This task can be difficult for individuals with decreased tactile sensation and visual acuity, which are common complications of diabetes. • Pain. Although the fingertips are rich in blood flow and provide a good site to obtain a blood sample, they are also densely populated with highly sensitive nerve endings. This makes the lancing and subsequent manipulation of the finger to draw blood painful. The pain and discomfort are compounded by the fact that fingers offer limited surface area, so tests are often performed on areas that are sore from prior tests. People with diabetes may also suffer pain when the finger prick site is disturbed during regular activities. The Dexcom Approach We believe continuous glucose monitoring has the potential to enable more people with diabetes to achieve and sustain tight glycemic control with minimal disruption to their daily lives. The landmark 1993 Diabetes Control and Complications Trial, or DCCT, demonstrated that improving blood glucose control lowers the risk of developing diabetes-related complications by up to 50%. The study also demonstrated that people with Type 1 diabetes achieved sustained benefits with intensive management. Various clinical studies and real-world evidence also demonstrate the benefits of continuous glucose monitoring in the management of Type 1 diabetes and insulin-requiring Type-2 diabetes, when compared to regimens relying on self-monitoring of blood glucose. Results of several early clinical trials established that CGM usage was associated with improved glycemic outcomes. Real-time alerts and multi-device integration further differentiate CGM-based and self-monitoring of blood glucose, or SMBG, based diabetes regimens. Alerts triggered by existing or impending abnormal glucose values are associated with less exposure to hypo- and hyperglycemia in large real-world data sets, and multi-device integration 10 allows some CGM systems to communicate with automated insulin delivery systems. One such automated insulin delivery system that uses the G6 was studied in a large clinical trial that associated its use with numerous quality-of-life and glycemic benefits. Our current target market consists primarily of people with Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes who utilize insulin therapy as well as certain non-insulin using people with diabetes that struggle with hypoglycemia. We also believe that our CGM systems are beginning to have a positive impact on the broader Type 2 population that does not utilize insulin or have hypoglycemia risk, a group that we estimate to be greater than 25 million people in the United States alone. We are extending our commercial efforts for this population through several channels, including through strategic partnerships. In the future, we plan to expand our product offering to people who are pregnant and cleared/approved indications to address people with pre-diabetes, people who are obese, and people in the hospital setting. Although the majority of our revenue has been generated in the United States, we have expanded our operations to include additional markets in North America, Africa, Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America and the Middle East. Our current CGM systems offer the following potential advantages to people with diabetes: • Potential for Improved Outcomes. Randomized clinical trials and peer reviewed published data have demonstrated that patients with diabetes who used CGMs to help manage their disease experienced significant improvements in glucose control, including when compared to patients relying solely on single-point finger stick measurements (i.e., less time in hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia) and reductions in A1C levels when compared to baseline. • Access to Real-Time Values, Trend Information and Alerts. People with diabetes can view their current glucose value, along with a graphical display of the historical trend information on our receiver or alternate display device. Without continuous monitoring, the individual is often unaware if his or her glucose is rising, declining or remaining constant. Access to continuous real-time glucose measurements provides people with diabetes information that may aid in attaining better glucose control. Additionally, our current CGM systems alert people with diabetes when their glucose levels approach inappropriately high or low levels so that they may intervene. • Intuitive User Interface. We have developed a user interface that we believe is intuitive and easy to use. Our current CGM system receivers are compact with an easy-to-read color display, simple navigation tools, audible alerts and graphical display of trend information. Similar benefits are available via the interfaces we have made available on compatible mobile devices. These devices can serve as substitutes for our receivers or alternate display units in certain geographies. • Convenience and Comfort. Our current CGM systems provide people with diabetes with the benefits of continuous monitoring, without having to perform finger stick tests for every measurement. Additionally, the disposable sensor that is inserted under the skin is a very thin wire, minimizing potential discomfort associated with inserting or wearing the disposable sensor. The external portion of the sensor, attached to the transmitter, is small, has a low profile and is designed to be easily worn under clothing. The wireless receiver is the size of a small smart phone and can be carried discreetly in a pocket or purse. We believe that convenience is an important factor in achieving widespread adoption of a CGM system. • Connectivity to Wearables and Others. Patients can monitor their glucose levels and trends on compatible wearable devices, such as Apple Watch and Wear OS by Google devices, when used with a compatible mobile device. Also, our Share and Follow remote monitoring systems enable users of our current CGM systems to have their sensor glucose information remotely monitored by their family, friends or other designated recipient, or follower, by wirelessly transmitting data from the user’s smart phone to the cloud and then to the follower’s mobile device. Several followers can remotely monitor a patient’s glucose information and receive secondary alert notifications from almost anywhere with an Internet connection via each follower’s mobile device. Our Strategy Our objective is to remain a leading provider of glucose biosensors and related products to enable people with diabetes and those seeking to optimize metabolic health to more effectively and conveniently manage their glucose levels. We are also developing and commercializing products that integrate our CGM technologies into the insulin delivery systems or data platforms of our respective partners. In addition, we continue to pursue development partnerships with other insulin delivery companies, including automated insulin delivery systems, as well as other players in the disease management sector. We are focusing on the following business strategies as we pursue these objectives: 11 • Establishing and maintaining our technology platform as the leading approach to CGM and leveraging our development expertise to rapidly bring products to market, including for expanded indications. • Supporting use of our ambulatory products through a direct sales and marketing effort, as well as key distribution arrangements. • Supporting innovation through technology integration partnerships. • Seeking broad coverage policies and reimbursement for our products from private third-party payors and national health systems. • Providing cloud-based data repository platform that enables people with diabetes to aggregate and analyze data from numerous diabetes devices and share the data with their healthcare providers and other individuals involved in their diabetes management and care. • Pursuing expansion of use of our products to other patient care settings and patient demographics, including use for people with Type 2 diabetes who are not on intensive insulin therapy, population health, patient monitoring including in the hospital setting, and people who are pregnant. • Providing a high level of customer support, service and education. • Pursuing the highest safety and quality levels for our products. Our Technology Platform We believe we have a broad technology platform that will support the development of multiple products for continuous glucose monitoring. Sensor Technology The key enabling technologies for our sensors include biomaterials, membrane systems, electrochemistry and low power microelectronics. Our membrane technology consists of multiple polymer layers configured to selectively allow the appropriate mix of glucose and oxygen to travel through the membrane and react with a glucose specific enzyme to create an extremely low electrical signal, measured in pico-amperes. This electrical signal is then translated into glucose values. We believe that the capability to measure very low levels of an electrical signal and to accurately translate those measurements into glucose values is also a unique and distinguishing feature of our technology. We have also developed technology to allow sensitive electronics to be packaged in a small, fully contained, lightweight sealed unit that minimizes inconvenience and discomfort for the user. Receiver and Transmitter Technology Our current CGM systems wirelessly transmit information from the transmitter to our receiver or to a compatible mobile device. We have developed technology for reliable transmission and reception and have consistently demonstrated a high rate of successful transmissions from transmitter to receiver or compatible mobile device in our clinical trials. Our receiver or the mobile device, via our apps, then displays both real-time and trended glucose values, and provides alerts and alarms. We have used our extensive database of continuous glucose data to create and refine software, algorithms and other technology for the display of data to customers. Compatible Mobile Devices With our G7 and G7 15 Day systems, the functionalities of our proprietary receiver can be obtained through the use of a compatible mobile device, such as an iOS or Android device, and our mobile applications, depending on the patient’s geographic location. A receiver may be required as the primary display device or a backup to the mobile device in some jurisdictions, including the United States. Dexcom Real-Time API In July 2021, we received FDA marketing clearance for an iCGM system incorporating our Real-Time Application Programming Interfaces (API), which is an added software component that expands connectivity and interoperability of the Dexcom CGM digital ecosystem, enabling communication of iCGM data to client software intended to receive data through the cloud. Dexcom Real-Time API enables authorized third-party software developers to integrate real-time CGM data into their digital health apps and devices for specific and permitted use cases including non-medical device application, medical device data analysis, iCGM secondary display alarm, active patient monitoring, and treatment decisions. Real-Time API is not permitted for use in environments not currently cleared for the Dexcom CGM System (e.g., hospital inpatient care), and is not intended to be used by automated insulin delivery systems. 12 Products in Development We have gained our technology expertise by developing implants designed to withstand the rigors of functioning within the human body for extended periods of time, and designed to address other considerations such as device sealing, miniaturization, durability and sensor geometry. We are leveraging this technology platform with the goal of enhancing the capabilities of our current products (including obtaining expanded indications for use) and to develop additional CGM products. We plan to develop future generations of technologies that are focused on improved performance and convenience and that will enable intelligent insulin administration. Over the longer term, we plan to continue to develop and improve networked platforms with open architecture, connectivity and transmitters capable of communicating with other devices. We intend to expand our efforts to accumulate CGM patient data and metrics and apply predictive modeling and machine learning to generate interactive CGM insights that can inform patient behavior. We continue to pursue and support development partnerships with insulin pump companies and companies or institutions developing insulin delivery systems, including automated insulin delivery systems. With the introduction of Stelo, we are also pursuing and supporting development partnerships with consumer technology product companies that seek to provide metabolic health insights to their customers. We are also exploring how to extend our offerings to other opportunities, including for people with pre-diabetes, people who are obese, people who are pregnant, and people in the hospital setting. Eventually, we may apply our technological expertise to products beyond glucose monitoring. Commercial Operations We have built a direct sales organization in North America and certain international markets to call on health care professionals, such as endocrinologists, physicians and diabetes educators, who can educate patients about continuous glucose monitoring. We believe that focusing efforts on these participants is important given the instrumental role they each play in the decision-making process for diabetes therapy, and to ensure that health care professionals and patients are knowledgeable about our products and their functionality. We focus on delivering this important information to participants to drive adoption of our current CGM syste
[...TRUNCATED...]