TICKER=EA|YEAR=2025|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2025/EA_2025-05-13.htm.gz
Item 1A Risk Factors 8 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 17 Item 1C Cybersecurity 17 Item 2 Properties 17 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 17 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 17 PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 18 Item 6 [Reserved] 19 Item 7 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 20 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 31 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 33 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 80 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 80 Item 9B Other Information 81 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 82 Item 11 Executive Compensation 82 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 82 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 82 Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 82 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statements 82 Exhibit Index 83 Signatures 86 2 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. We use words such as “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, “plan”, “predict”, “seek”, “goal”, “will”, “may”, “likely”, “should”, “could”, “continue”, “potential” (and the negative of any of these terms), “future” and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, trends in our business, projections of markets relevant to our business, uncertain events and assumptions and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements consist of, among other things, statements related to our business, operations and financial results, industry prospects, our future financial performance, and our business plans and objectives, and may include certain assumptions that underlie the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and reflect management’s current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report under the heading “Risk Factors” beginning on Page 8. We assume no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement for any reason, except as required by law. PART I Item 1: Business Overview Electronic Arts is a global leader in digital interactive entertainment. We develop, market, publish and deliver games, content and services that can be experienced on game consoles, PCs and mobile devices. What We Offer We create innovative games and experiences that deliver high-quality interactive entertainment and drive engagement across our global network of hundreds of millions of players. We are focusing on building games and experiences that grow the global online communities around our key franchises; deepening engagement through connecting interactive storytelling to key intellectual property; and harnessing our communities to grow in, around, and beyond our games. We develop and publish games and experiences across diverse genres, such as sports, racing, first-person shooter, action, role-playing and simulation. We believe that our creative talent, production capabilities, broad portfolio of owned and licensed IP, and technological foundation, coupled with our network of hundreds of millions of players, provide us with strategic advantages. Through our live services offerings, we offer high-quality experiences designed to provide value to players and extend and enhance gameplay. These live services include extra content, subscription offerings and other revenue generated outside of the sale of our full games. Our digital live services and other net revenue represented 73 percent of our total net revenue during fiscal year 2025. We offer live services through our global football and American football franchises (which includes EA SPORTS College Football and EA SPORTS Madden NFL) and based on our iconic IP such as The Sims, Apex Legends and Battlefield. Our most popular live services are the extra content in the Ultimate Team mode associated with our sports franchises. Ultimate Team allows players to collect current and former players in order to build and compete as a personalized team. Live services net revenue generated from extra content purchased within Ultimate Team , a substantial portion of which was derived from FC Ultimate Team , is material to our business. Our players engage with our products and services on consoles, PCs and mobile devices. Players can access our products and services through traditional single-game purchase or through subscription offerings; and certain of our products and services are available through a “free-to-play” model whereby players download the game for free and engage with services provided on an ongoing basis. For example, we develop products and services within the EA SPORTS FC franchise that allow players to engage through multiple business models, distribution channels and devices, including: (1) our annualized console and PC games and associated experiences, which can be purchased through both digital distribution and retail channels and also are available through subscription services; (2) a mobile free-to-play offering; and (3) a PC free-to-play game available in certain countries. Revenue from our EA SPORTS FC franchise, as well as revenue from our American football franchise, is material to our business and will continue to be so. Distribution of Products and Services Console . We primarily distribute our console products and services through partners, such as Sony and Microsoft. Under the terms of publishing agreements our products and services are developed, marketed, published, and distributed with PlayStation 3 Table of Contents and Xbox consoles. Our direct sales to Sony and Microsoft represented approximately 39 percent and 17 percent of total net revenue, respectively, in fiscal year 2025. Under these agreements, we have the non-exclusive right to use, for a fixed term and in a designated territory, technology that is owned or licensed by them to publish our games on their respective consoles. With respect to our digitally-delivered products and services, the console manufacturers pay us either a wholesale price or a royalty percentage on the revenue they derive from their sales of our products and services. Our transactions for packaged goods products are made pursuant to individual purchase orders, which are accepted on a case-by-case basis. Our packaged goods games are sold directly to mass market retailers, specialty stores and through distribution arrangements. For packaged goods products, we pay the console manufacturers a per-unit royalty for each unit manufactured. Many key commercial terms of our relationships with Sony and Microsoft — such as manufacturing terms, delivery times, policies and approval conditions — are determined unilaterally, and are subject to change by the console manufacturers. The publishing agreements also require us to indemnify the console manufacturers for any loss, liability and expense resulting from any claim against the console manufacturer regarding our products and services, including any claims for patent, copyright or trademark infringement brought against the console manufacturers. Each agreement may be terminated by the console manufacturers if a breach or default by us is not cured after we receive written notice from the console manufacturers, or if we become insolvent. The console manufacturers are not obligated to enter into license agreements with us for any future consoles, products or services. PC and Mobile . We distribute our mobile applications and additional content through distributors such as Apple and Google. Our applications are downloaded for mobile devices from third party application storefronts. The distributor collects payment from consumers for content purchased within the application or charges consumers a one-time fee to download the application. Our distribution agreements establish the amounts that are retained by the distributor and the amounts passed through to us. These arrangements are typically terminable on short notice. The agreements generally do not obligate the distributors to market or distribute any of our applications. Application storefront policies are determined unilaterally by the distributors and are subject to change. Our PC products and services can be downloaded directly through the EA app, EA’s digital storefront, as well as through third-party online download stores, such as Steam. We also have agreements with companies, such as Tencent Holdings Limited, Nexon Co., Ltd and Garena Online Private Limited, or their respective affiliates, that allow these companies to publish our mobile and PC free-to-play games in certain countries. Our players access games from the publishers’ online storefronts and are charged for additional content purchased within our game environment. The agreements generally establish the amounts that are retained by the publisher and the amounts passed through to us. Competition The market for interactive entertainment is intensely competitive and changes rapidly as new products, business models and distribution channels are introduced. We also face competition for the right to license certain intellectual property included in our products. In order to remain successful, we are required to anticipate and commit to, sometimes years in advance, the ways in which our products and services will compete in the market. We face significant competition from companies that focus on developing products and services available on consoles, PCs and/or mobile devices. In addition, we compete with large, diversified companies that have strengthened their interactive entertainment capabilities. Their greater financial and other resources may provide larger budgets to develop and market tools, technologies, products and services that gain consumer success and shift player time and engagement away from our products and services. We also continue to expect new entrants to emerge. More broadly, we compete against providers of different sources of entertainment, such as movies, television, social media, online casual entertainment and music that our players could enjoy in their free time. Important competitive factors in our industry include the ability to attract creative and technical talent, game quality and ease of use, innovation, compatibility of products with certain consoles and other distribution channels, brand recognition, reputation, reliability, security, creativity, price, marketing, and quality of customer service. The companies with which we compete, as well as competitive factors, may change and evolve as we execute our strategic plan. Risks related to competitive factors affecting our business are described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. Research and Development 4 Table of Contents Because the industries in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological advances, our ability to compete successfully is linked to our ability to deliver competitive products, services and technologies to the marketplace. We have teams focused on developing new technologies to enhance existing products and services and to expand the range of our offerings. For example, we are investing, and intend to continue to invest, in research and development to incorporate artificial intelligence into our products and services. We expect developments in artificial intelligence to accelerate the production of our products and services and enable new experiences for our players. Intellectual Property and Technology To establish and protect our intellectual property, we rely on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, patents, patent applications, trade secrets, know-how, license agreements, confidentiality provisions and procedures and other contractual provisions. We actively engage in enforcement and other activities to protect our intellectual property, but the laws of some countries in which we operate, particularly in Asia, either do not protect our intellectual property to the same extent as the laws of the United States or are poorly enforced. As our digital business has grown, our products and services increasingly depend on the reliability, availability and security of our technological infrastructure. In addition, we engage in activities designed to limit the impact of abuse of our digital products and services, including monitoring our games for evidence of exploitation and re-balancing our game environments in the event that such abuse is discovered. Governmental Regulation We are a global company subject to various and complex laws and regulations domestically and internationally, including laws and regulations related to gaming, user privacy, data collection and retention, consumer protection, protection of minors, online safety, content, advertising, localization, information security, intellectual property, competition, sanctions, addressing climate change, taxation, and employment, among others. Many of these laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing, and the application to, and impact on, us is uncertain. Certain of our business models, including those that utilize virtual items and virtual currency, are subject to new laws or regulations or evolving interpretations and application of existing laws and regulations that have limited or restricted, and may continue to limit or restrict, the sale of our products and services in certain territories. Seasonality We have historically experienced the highest percentage of our net bookings in our third fiscal quarter. Human Capital As of March 31, 2025, we employed approximately 14,500 people globally, with 68% percent located internationally. Our Board and its committees oversee our human capital management programs, practices and strategies. Additional information on how they oversee these matters can be found in our annual Proxy Statement. Our focus on people and culture helps our teams create products and services that entertain hundreds of millions of players around the world. We prioritize hiring and retaining a global workforce of top talent that generates the creative ideas that are necessary to build products and services that resonate with global audiences. We aim to bring our workforce together in an environment where creativity thrives, perspectives are invited, and people feel valued. We monitor employee sentiment through regular engagement surveys that address areas such as career development, manager performance and job satisfaction. Our compensation programs and practices are designed to compensate our employees fairly based on the work that they perform. We invest in developing and retaining employees through access to professional growth resources, skills learning, and other job-specific and general training. We also build technical onboarding and job-specific programs to help our employees onboard to technical roles and grow in their specific domains. We maintain resources, programs and services to support employees' physical, mental, familial and financial health. We offer a wide range of benefits, such as comprehensive health insurance and time-off and leave programs. Investor Information Our website address is www.ea.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended, are available free of charge on the Investor Relations section of our website at http://ir.ea.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The SEC 5 Table of Contents maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. We announce material financial information and business updates through our SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts, the Investor Relations section of our website at http://ir.ea.com, our blog at https://www.ea.com/news and through our X profile @EA. Except as expressly set forth in this Form 10-K annual report, the contents of our website, 2024 Impact Report and/or social media accounts are not incorporated into, or otherwise to be regarded as part of this Form 10-K. Company Information We were incorporated originally in California in 1982. In September 1991, we were reincorporated under the laws of Delaware. Our principal executive offices are located at 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City, California 94065 and our telephone number is (650) 628-1500. Information About Our Executive Officers The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers as of May 13, 2025: Name Age Position Andrew Wilson 50 Chief Executive Officer, Chair of the Board Stuart Canfield 46 Chief Financial Officer Laura Miele 55 President of EA Entertainment & Central Development Mala Singh 54 Chief People Officer Jacob Schatz 56 EVP of Global Affairs, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Eric Kelly 53 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer Mr. Wilson has served as EA’s Chief Executive Officer and as a director of EA since September 2013 and was appointed Chair of the Board of Directors in August 2021. Prior to his appointment as our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Wilson held several positions within the Company since joining EA in May 2000, including Executive Vice President, EA SPORTS from August 2011 to September 2013. Mr. Wilson also serves as chairman of the board of the privately-held World Surf League and is a member of the Board of Trustees of the Paley Center for Media. Mr. Wilson has served on the board of directors of Intel Corporation within the last five years. Mr. Canfield has served as EA’s Chief Financial Officer since June 2023. Mr. Canfield joined EA in 2003 and has over 20 years of experience across a variety of senior leadership positions in global finance, investor relations and operations, including SVP of Enterprise Finance & Investor Relations, SVP Finance (Strategic and Financial Planning) and SVP Finance (Corporate & Global EA Studios). Mr. Canfield received his undergraduate degree from the University of London. Ms. Miele has served as EA’s President of EA Entertainment & Central Development since January 2025. Ms. Miele joined the Company in March 1996 and has held several positions at the Company, including President of EA Entertainment, Technology & Central Development from June 2023 to January 2025, Chief Operating Officer from October 2021 to June 2023, Chief Studios Officer from April 2018 to October 2021, and several senior roles in the Company's marketing organization. Ms. Singh has served as EA's Chief People Officer since October 2016. Ms. Singh was previously employed by EA from 2009 to 2013, serving as Vice President, Human Resources, EA Labels from 2011 to 2013. Prior to rejoining EA, Ms. Singh served as the Chief People Officer of Minted, LLC from January 2014 to October 2016. Ms. Singh earned both her undergraduate and graduate degrees from Rutgers University - New Brunswick. Mr. Schatz has served as EA’s Executive Vice President of Global Affairs and Chief Legal Officer since June 2023 and leads the teams responsible for Legal Affairs, Business Development, Corporate Development, and other disciplines. Mr. Schatz joined EA in 1999, holding several roles within EA's legal department and was appointed General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in 2014. Mr. Schatz earned his J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center and received his undergraduate degree from Pomona College. Mr. Schatz is a member of the Bar of the State of California and is admitted to practice in the United States Supreme Court, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals and several United States District Courts. Mr. Kelly has served as EA's Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer since June 2022. Since joining EA in 2003, Mr. Kelly has held several positions within EA's finance organization, including Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer from 6 Table of Contents August 2021 to June 2022, Vice President and Worldwide Controller from January 2014 to August 2021 and other finance leadership roles such as CFO of Asia and European Financial Controller. Mr. Kelly holds a B.S. in Accounting from Villanova University and is a licensed Certified Public Accountant. 7 Table of Contents Item 1A: Risk Factors Our business is subject to many risks and uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance. In the past, we have experienced certain of the events and circumstances described below, which adversely impacted our business and financial performance. If any of the events or circumstances described below occur, our business or financial performance could be harmed, our actual results could differ materially from our expectations and the market value of our stock could decline. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones we face. There may be additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe could be material that may harm our business or financial performance. STRATEGIC RISKS Our business is intensely competitive. We may not deliver successful and engaging products and services, or consumers may prefer our competitors’ products or services over our own. Competition in our business is intense. Many new products and services are regularly introduced, but only a relatively small number of products and associated services drive significant engagement and account for a significant portion of total revenue. Our competitors range from established interactive entertainment companies to emerging start-ups. In addition, we compete with large, diversified companies that have strengthened their interactive entertainment capabilities. Their greater financial and other resources provide larger budgets to recruit our key creative and technical talent, develop and market products and services that gain consumer success, shift player time and engagement away from our products and services, or otherwise disrupt our operations. We also expect new competitors to continue to emerge throughout the world. If our competitors develop more successful and engaging products or services, offer competitive products or services at lower price points, or if we do not continue to develop consistently high-quality, well-received and engaging products and services, or if our marketing strategies are not innovative or fail to resonate with players, particularly during key selling periods, our revenue, margins, and profitability will decline. We strive to create innovative and high-quality products and services that allow us to grow the global online communities around our key franchises and reach more players. However, innovative and high-quality titles, even if highly-reviewed or critically acclaimed, may not meet our expectations or the expectations of our players. Many financially successful products and services within our industry are iterations of prior titles with large established consumer bases and significant brand recognition, which makes competing in certain categories challenging. In addition, products or services of our direct competitors or other entertainment companies have shifted consumer spending or engagement from our products and services and may do so in the future, which could cause our products and services to underperform. A significant portion of our revenue historically has been derived from products and services based on a few popular franchises, and the underperformance of a single major title has had, and could in the future have, a material adverse impact on our financial results. For example, we have historically derived a significant portion of our net revenue from sales related to our EA SPORTS FC franchise, annualized versions of which are consistently one of the best-selling games in the marketplace. Any events or circumstances that negatively impact our EA SPORTS FC franchise, including Ultimate Team, such as product or service quality, other products that take a portion of consumer spending and time, the delay or cancellation of a product or service launch, increased competition for key licenses, or real or perceived security or regulatory risks, negatively impacts our financial results to a disproportionate extent. We may not meet our product and live service development schedules. Our ability to meet product and live service development schedules is affected by a number of factors both within and outside our control, including feedback from our players, the creative processes involved, the coordination of large and sometimes geographically dispersed development teams, evolving work models, the complexity of our products and the platforms for which they are developed, the need to fine-tune our products prior to their release, and, in certain cases, approvals from third parties. We have experienced development delays for our products and services in the past which caused us to delay or cancel release dates. Any failure to meet anticipated production or release schedules likely would result in a delay of revenue and/or possibly a significant shortfall in our revenue, increase our development and/or marketing expenses, harm our profitability, and cause our operating results to be materially different than anticipated. If we miss key selling periods for products or services as a result of product delays or product cancellations, our sales likely will suffer significantly. 8 Table of Contents Our industry changes rapidly and we may fail to anticipate or successfully implement new or evolving technologies, or adopt successful business strategies, distribution methods or services. Rapid changes in our industry require us to anticipate, sometimes years in advance, the ways in which our business can remain competitive in the market. We have invested, and in the future may invest, in new business and marketing strategies, tools and technologies, distribution methods, products, and services. There can be no assurance that the strategic investments we pursue will achieve financial results that meet or exceed our expectations. We may miss opportunities or fail to respond quickly enough to industry change, including the failure to adopt tools, technology and distribution methods or failure to develop new products, services or ways to engage with our games that become popular with consumers, each of which could adversely affect our financial results. For example, we expect our competitive landscape to evolve as artificial intelligence technology advances and is integrated into the markets in which we compete. Our competitors may incorporate new artificial intelligence tools and technology into their existing products and services more successfully, may use these new tools and technology more efficiently or may create new categories of products and services before we do. Stakeholders have high expectations for the quality and integrity of our business, culture, products and services and we may be unsuccessful in meeting these expectations. Expectations regarding the quality, performance and integrity of our business, brand, reputation, culture, products and services are high. Players and other stakeholders have sometimes been critical of our industry, brands, products, services, online communities, business models and/or practices for a wide variety of reasons, including perceptions about gameplay fun, fairness, game content, features or services, or objections to certain of our practices. These negative responses may not be foreseeable. We also may not effectively manage our responses because of reasons within or outside of our control. In addition, we have taken actions, including delaying the release of our games and delaying or discontinuing content, features and services for our games, after taking into consideration, among other things, feedback from our community or geopolitical events. These actions have had a negative impact on our financial results and have impacted our future development processes. We expect to continue to take actions as appropriate, including actions that may result in additional expenditures and the loss of revenue. Maintaining high ratings on the third-party console, platforms and devices on which we operate are important to drive players to our products and services. If we receive significant negative reviews that result in a decrease in our ratings, including as a result of negative review campaigns intended to harm our ratings, our games could be more difficult for players to find, negatively impacting our financial and operating results. Certain of our games and features on our platforms support online features that allow players and viewers to communicate with one another and post content, in real time, that is visible to other players and viewers. From time to time, this “user generated content” may contain objectionable and offensive content that is distributed and disseminated by third parties and our brands may be negatively affected by such actions. If we fail to appropriately respond to the dissemination of such content, we may be subject to lawsuits and governmental regulation, our players may not engage with our products and services and/or may lose confidence in our brands and our financial results may be adversely affected. Our products and services are extremely complex software programs and are difficult to develop and distribute. We have quality controls in place to detect defects, bugs or other errors in our products and services before they are released. Nonetheless, these quality controls are subject to human error, overriding, and resource or technical constraints. If these quality controls and preventative measures are not effective in detecting all defects, bugs or errors in our products and services before they have been released into the marketplace, then our products and services could be below our standards and the standards of our players and our reputation, brand and sales could be adversely affected. In addition, we could be required to, or may find it necessary to, offer a refund for the product or service, suspend the availability or sale of the product or service or expend significant resources to cure the defect, bug or error each of which could significantly harm our business and operating results. We are integrating artificial intelligence tools and technologies into our business and development processes. The use of artificial intelligence might present social and ethical issues that, if not managed appropriately, may result in legal and reputational harm, cause consumers to lose confidence in our business and brands and negatively impact our financial and operating results. External game developers may not meet product development schedules or otherwise honor their obligations. We contract with external game developers to develop our games or to publish or distribute their games. While we maintain contractual protections, we have less control over the product development schedules of games developed by external 9 Table of Contents developers. We depend on their ability to meet product development schedules. If we have disputes with external developers or they cannot meet product development schedules, acquire certain approvals or are otherwise unable or unwilling to honor their obligations to us, we may delay or cancel previously announced games, alter our launch schedule or experience increased costs and expenses, which could result in a delay or significant shortfall in anticipated revenue, harm our profitability and reputation, and cause our financial results to be materially affected. Our business depends on the success and availability of consoles, platforms and devices developed by third parties and our ability to develop and maintain commercially successful products and services for those consoles, platforms and devices. The success of our business is driven in part by the commercial success, adequate supply and consumer adoption of third-party consoles, platforms and devices for which we develop our products and services or through which our products and services are distributed. Our success depends in part on accurately predicting which consoles, platforms and devices will be successful in the marketplace and providing engaging and commercially successful products and services for those consoles, platforms and devices. We must make product development decisions and commit significant resources well in advance of the commercial availability of new consoles, platforms and devices, and we may incur significant expense to adjust our product portfolio and development efforts in response to changing consumer preferences. We may enter into certain exclusive licensing arrangements that affect our ability to deliver or market products or services on certain consoles, platforms or devices. A console, platform or device for which we are developing products and services may not achieve consumer adoption at the rate we expect and we may be unable to fully recover the investments we have made in developing our products and services; or new consoles, platforms or devices may take market share away from those for which we have devoted significant resources, causing us to not reach our intended audience and take advantage of meaningful revenue opportunities. We could fail to successfully adopt new business models. From time to time we seek to establish and implement new business models. Forecasting the success of any new business model is inherently uncertain and depends on a number of factors both within and outside of our control. Our actual revenue and profit for these businesses may be significantly greater or less than our forecasts. In addition, these new business models could fail, resulting in the loss of our investment in the development and infrastructure needed to support these new business models, as well as the opportunity cost of diverting management and financial resources away from more successful and established businesses. Any failure to successfully implement new business models could materially impact our financial and operating results. Acquisitions, investments, divestitures and other strategic transactions could result in operating difficulties and other negative consequences. We have made and may continue to make acquisitions or enter into other strategic transactions including (1) acquisitions of companies, businesses, intellectual properties, and other assets, (2) investments in, or transactions with, strategic partners, and (3) investments in new businesses as part of our long-term business strategy. These acquisitions and other transactions involve significant challenges and risks including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy or strategic goals, that we do not realize a satisfactory return on our investment, that we cannot realize anticipated tax benefits or incur tax costs, that we acquire liabilities and/or litigation from acquired companies, that our due diligence process does not identify significant issues or liabilities, diversion of management’s attention from our other businesses and the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, write-offs of goodwill, intangibles, or acquired in-process technology, or other increased cash and non-cash expenses. In addition, we may not be able to complete the acquisition as a result of challenges in obtaining regulatory approvals or we may not integrate these businesses successfully, retain key employees from acquired companies and achieve expected synergies. We may fund strategic transactions with (1) cash, which would reduce cash available for other corporate purposes, (2) debt, which would increase our interest expense and leverage and/or (3) equity which would dilute current shareholders’ percentage ownership and also dilute our earnings per share. We may be unable to maintain or acquire licenses to include intellectual property owned by others in our games, or to maintain or acquire the rights to publish or distribute games developed by others. 10 Table of Contents Many of our products and services are based on or incorporate intellectual property owned by others. For example, our EA SPORTS products include rights licensed from major sports leagues, teams and players’ associations and our Star Wars products include rights licensed from Disney. Competition for these licenses and rights is intense. If we are unable to maintain these licenses and rights or obtain additional licenses or rights with significant commercial value, our ability to develop successful and engaging products and services may be adversely affected and our revenue, profitability and cash flows may decline significantly. Other competitors may assume certain licenses and create competing products, impacting our sales. Competition for these licenses has increased, and may continue to increase, the amounts that we must pay to licensors and developers, through higher minimum guarantees or royalty rates, which could significantly increase our costs and reduce our profitability. Our business partners may not honor their obligations to us or their actions may put us at risk. We rely on various business partners, including platform partners, third-party service providers, vendors, licensing partners, development partners and licensees. Their actions may put our business and our reputation and brand at risk. In many cases, our business partners may be given access to sensitive and proprietary information in order to provide services and support, and they may misappropriate our information and engage in unauthorized use of it. In addition, the failure of these third parties to provide adequate services and technologies, or the failure of the third parties to adequately maintain or update their services and technologies, could result in a disruption to our business operations. Further, disruptions in the financial markets, geopolitical conditions, economic downturns, poor business decisions, or reputational harm may adversely affect our business partners and they may not be able to continue honoring their obligations to us or we may cease our arrangements with them. Alternative arrangements and services may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or we may experience business interruptions upon a transition to an alternative partner or vendor. OPERATIONAL RISKS Catastrophic events may disrupt our business. Catastrophic events, including natural disasters, cyber-incidents, power disruptions, pandemics, acts of terrorism or other events have caused, and in the future could cause, outages, disruptions and/or degradations of our infrastructure (including our or our partners’ information technology and network systems), a failure in our ability to conduct normal business operations, or the closure of public spaces in which players engage with our products and services all of which could materially impact our reputation and brand, financial condition and operating results. The health and safety of our employees, players, third-party organizations with whom we partner, or regulatory agencies on which we rely could be also affected, any of which may prevent us from executing against our business strategies and/or cause a decrease in consumer demand for our products and services. We recognize the inherent physical risks associated with climate change. Our business relies on the reliable transmission of energy worldwide and is susceptible to weather-related events that could stress the power grid. System redundancy may be ineffective, and our disaster recovery and business continuity planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. In addition, our corporate headquarters and several of our key studios also are located in seismically active regions and areas that are vulnerable to other natural disasters and weather events such as wildfires and hurricanes. These catastrophic events could disrupt our business and operations, and/or the businesses and operations of our partners and may cause us to incur additional costs to maintain or resume operations. We have and may continue to experience security breaches and cyber threats. The integrity of our and our partners’ information technology networks and systems is critical to our ongoing operations, products, and services. Our industry is prone to, and our systems and networks are subject to actions by malfeasant actors, which may include individuals or groups, including state-sponsored attackers. These actions include cyber-attacks, including ransomware, and other information security incidents that seek to exploit, disable, damage, and/or disrupt our networks, business operations, products and services and supporting technological infrastructure, or gain access to consumer and employee personal information, our intellectual property and other assets. Additionally, as artificial intelligence capabilities develop rapidly, individuals or groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, may use these technologies to create new sophisticated attack methods that are increasingly automated, targeted and coordinated and more difficult to defend against. In addition, our systems and networks could be harmed or improperly accessed due to errors by employees or third parties that are authorized to access these networks and systems. We also rely on technological infrastructure provided by third-party business partners to support the online functionality of our products and services, who are also subject to these same cyber risks. Both our partners and we have expended, and expect to continue to expend, financial and operational resources to guard against cyber risks and to help protect our data and systems. However, the techniques used by malfeasant actors change frequently, continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and often are not detected for long periods of time. 11 Table of Contents Remote access to our networks and systems, and the networks and systems of our partners is substantial. While we and our partners have taken steps to secure our networks and systems, these networks and systems may be more vulnerable to a successful cyber-attack or information security incident in a hybrid working model. The costs to respond to, mitigate, and/or notify affected parties of cyber-attacks and other security vulnerabilities are significant. It may also be necessary for us to take additional extraordinary measures and make additional expenditures to take appropriate responsive and preventative steps. Consequences of such events, responsive measures and preventative measures have included, and could in the future include, the loss of proprietary and personal data and interruptions or delays in our business operations, exploitation of our data, as well as loss of player confidence and damage to our brand and reputation, financial expenses and financial loss. In addition, such events could cause us to be non-compliant with applicable regulations, and subject us to legal claims or penalties under laws protecting the privacy or security of personal information or proprietary material information. We have experienced such events in the past and expect future events to occur. In addition, the virtual economies that we have established in many of our games are subject to abuse, exploitation and other forms of fraudulent activity that can negatively impact our business. Virtual economies involve the use of virtual currency and/or virtual assets that can be used or redeemed by a player within a particular game or service. The abuse or exploitation of our virtual economies have included the illegitimate or unauthorized generation and sale of virtual items, including in black markets. Our online services have been impacted by in-game exploits and the use of automated or other fraudulent processes designed to generate virtual items or currency illegitimately or to execute account takeover attacks against our players. We anticipate such activity to continue. These abuses and exploits, and the steps that we take to address these abuses and exploits may result in a loss of anticipated revenue, increased costs to protect against or remediate these issues, interfere with players
[...TRUNCATED...]