TICKER=EG|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/EG_2026-02-26.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our business, results of operations and financial conditions are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. While we seek to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business, risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. In connection with any investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other SEC filings. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. Should any of these risks materialize, actual results may differ materially from the disclosed information, the trading value of our securities could be negatively impacted and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. UNDERWRITING Our results could be adversely affected by catastrophic events. We are exposed to unpredictable catastrophic events, including, but not limited to, weather-related and other natural catastrophes, as well as acts of terrorism, wars, pandemics, political instability and significant cyber or operational incidents. The frequency and/or severity of some catastrophic events may be impacted in the future by the continued effects of climate change. Secondary perils, such as severe convective storms, may also become increasingly impactful. Climate change and resulting changes in global temperatures, weather patterns and sea levels may both increase the frequency and severity of natural catastrophes and the resulting losses in the future and impact our risk modeling assumptions. We cannot predict the impact that changing climate conditions, if any, may have on our results, operations or our financial condition. Additionally, we cannot predict how legal, regulatory and/or social responses to concerns around global climate change and the resulting impact on various sectors of the economy may impact our business. Any material reduction in our operating results caused by the occurrence of one or more catastrophes could inhibit our ability to pay dividends or to meet our interest and principal payment obligations. By way of illustration, during the past five calendar years, pre-tax catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance, were as follows: Calendar year: Pre-tax net catastrophe losses (Dollars in millions) 2025 $ 726 2024 755 2023 470 2022 1,055 2021 1,135 Our losses from future catastrophic events could exceed our projections. We use projections of possible losses from future catastrophic events of varying types and magnitudes as a strategic underwriting tool. We use these loss projections to estimate our potential catastrophe losses in certain geographic areas and decide on the placement of retrocessional coverage or other actions to limit the extent of potential losses in a given geographic area. These loss projections are estimates, reliant on a mix of quantitative and qualitative processes, and actual losses may exceed the projections by a material amount. Unfavorable loss development may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. We are required to maintain reserves to cover our ultimate liability of losses and LAE for both reported and unreported claims. These reserves are only estimates of what we believe the ultimate settlement and administration of claims will cost based on facts and circumstances known to us and incorporates actuarial and statistical analysis. Loss reserve estimates are reconsidered, as necessary, as experience develops and to reflect other changes in circumstances that may affect our estimate of ultimate loss, and this could potentially result in increases to our reserves. In setting reserves for our reinsurance liabilities, we rely on claims data supplied by our ceding companies and brokers, along with other data that may affect our estimate of ultimate loss and actuarial and statistical analysis to arrive at an estimate of ultimate liability for losses and LAE. The information received from our ceding companies is not always timely or accurate, which can contribute to inaccuracies in our loss projections. For the insurance and reinsurance businesses, ultimate losses may differ materially from our expectations at the time we underwrite the business. Because of the uncertainties that 20 Table of Contents surround our estimates of loss and LAE reserves, we cannot be certain that ultimate losses and LAE payments will not exceed the estimates we make at any given time. For example, for the year ended, December 31, 2025, the Company increased its loss reserves by $657 million, pre-tax and net of reinsurance, primarily driven by net unfavorable development on prior year reserves from elevated loss experience in excess casualty and U.S. liability lines primarily on accident years 2022-2024. Loss experience in these lines of business is very unpredictable and has been exacerbated by social inflation factors such as uncertain legal system outcomes, increased frequency of high-severity claims and third-party litigation funding. If our reserves are deficient in future periods, we may be required to increase loss reserves in the period in which such deficiencies are identified which would cause a charge to our earnings, a reduction of capital and could result in adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operation or liquidity. During the past five calendar years, the reserve process resulted in a decrease to our pre-tax net income in 2025 and 2024 and resulted in an increase to our pre-tax net income in 2023, 2022 and 2021: Calendar year: Effect on pre-tax net income (Dollars in millions) 2025 $ 657 decrease 2024 1,337 decrease 2023 5 increase 2022 1 increase 2021 9 increase The difficulty in estimating our reserves is significantly more challenging as it relates to reserving for potential asbestos and environmental (“A&E”) liabilities. As of December 31, 2025, 0.6% of our gross reserves were comprised of A&E reserves. A&E liabilities are especially hard to estimate for many reasons, including the long delays between exposure and manifestation of any bodily injury or property damage, difficulty in identifying the source of the asbestos or environmental contamination, long reporting delays and difficulty in properly allocating liability for the asbestos or environmental damage. Legal tactics and judicial and legislative developments affecting the scope of insurers’ liability, which can be difficult to predict, also contribute to uncertainties in estimating reserves for A&E liabilities. In addition, since reserve estimates of aggregate loss costs for prior years are sometimes factored into pricing our insurance products, inaccurate reserves can lead to our products not being priced adequately to cover actual losses and related loss expenses in order to generate a profit. If we are unable to or choose not to purchase reinsurance and transfer risk to the reinsurance markets, our net income could be reduced or we could incur a net loss in the event of unusual loss experience. We purchase prospective reinsurance for our insurance and reinsurance operations in order to mitigate the volatility of losses on our financial results. From time to time, market conditions have limited, and in some cases have prevented, insurers and reinsurers from obtaining the types and amounts of reinsurance that they consider adequate for their business needs. There is no guarantee that our desired amounts of reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance will be available in the marketplace in the future. In the current environment, our ability to renew our current reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance arrangements or obtain desired amounts of new or replacement coverage on favorable terms may be substantially reduced as a result of the impact of inflation, industry catastrophic losses to reinsurer capital and the appetite for certain lines of business. In addition to capacity risk, the remaining capacity may not be on terms we deem appropriate or acceptable or with companies with whom we want to do business. The percentage of business that we reinsure may vary considerably from year to year, depending on our view of the relationship between cost and expected benefit for the contract period. 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 Percentage of ceded written premiums to gross written premiums 12.4 % 13.3 % 11.5 % 11.5 % 12.3 % If we are unable to or choose not to renew our current reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance or purchase new or replacement coverage on favorable terms or at all, the amount of business we are willing to write may be limited or our protection from losses due to large loss events may be materially reduced and our net income could be materially reduced. 21 Table of Contents The failure to accurately assess underwriting risk and establish adequate premium rates could reduce our net income or result in a net loss. Our success depends on our ability to accurately assess the risks associated with the businesses on which the risk is retained. If we fail to accurately assess the risks we retain, we may fail to establish adequate premium rates or contract terms (i.e. limits, deductibles, etc.) to cover our losses and LAE. In future years, insufficient premium rates may result in reserve deficiencies to the extent that higher than expected losses are incurred. This could reduce our net income and even result in a net loss. Losses may arise from events or exposures that are not anticipated when the coverage is priced. In addition to such unanticipated events, we also face the unanticipated expansion of our exposures, particularly in long-tail liability lines. An example of this is the expansion over time of the scope of insurers’ legal liability within the mass tort cases, particularly for A&E exposures discussed above. Decreases in pricing for property and casualty reinsurance and insurance could reduce our net income. The worldwide reinsurance and insurance businesses are highly competitive, as well as cyclical by product and market. These cycles, as well as other factors that influence aggregate supply and demand for property and casualty insurance and reinsurance products, are outside of our control. The supply of (re)insurance is driven by prevailing prices and levels of capacity that may fluctuate in response to a number of factors, including large catastrophic losses and investment returns being realized in the insurance industry. Demand for (re)insurance is influenced by underwriting results of insurers and insureds, including catastrophe losses, and prevailing general economic conditions. If any of these factors were to result in a decline in the demand for (re)insurance or an overall increase in (re)insurance capacity, our net income could decrease. Moreover, certain states have enacted laws that require a property and casualty insurer to participate in assigned risk plans, reinsurance facilities, joint underwriting associations and other residual market plans. U.S. state regulators also require that admitted insurers offer property and casualty coverage to all risks in that market and often restrict an insurer’s ability to charge the price it might otherwise charge or restrict an insurer’s ability to offer or enforce specific policy deductibles. In these markets, we may be compelled to underwrite business at lower than desired rates or accept additional risk not contemplated in our existing rates, participate in the operating losses of residual market plans or pay assessments to fund operating deficits of state-sponsored funds, which could lead to lower than anticipated profitability. The effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business are uncertain. As industry practices and legislative, regulatory, judicial, social, financial, technological and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. These issues may adversely affect our business by either extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing the frequency and severity of claims. Examples of emerging claims and coverage issues include, but are not limited to: • judicial expansion of policy coverage and a greater propensity to grant claimants more favorable amounts and the impact of new theories of liability; • plaintiffs targeting property and casualty insurers in purported class action litigation relating to claims-handling and other practices; • social inflation trends, including higher and more frequent claims, higher awards in favor of plaintiffs and increases in the value of claims due to third-party litigation funding; • medical developments that link health issues to particular causes, resulting in liability claims; • claims relating to unanticipated consequences of current or new technologies, including cyber security-related risks; and • claims relating to potentially changing climate conditions. In some instances, these emerging issues may not become apparent for some time after we have issued the affected insurance policies. As a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance or reinsurance contracts may not be known for many years after issuance. 22 Table of Contents FINANCIAL A decline in our financial strength ratings could adversely affect our standing among cedents and broker partners and our ability to grow premiums and earnings. Our active insurance company subsidiaries currently hold financial strength ratings assigned by third-party rating agencies which assess and rate the claims paying ability and financial strength of insurers and reinsurers. Financial strength ratings are used by cedents, agents and brokers to assess the financial strength and credit quality of reinsurers and insurers. As noted above, each of A.M. Best, S&P and Moody’s has assigned a negative outlook to our financial strength ratings. A downgrade or withdrawal of any of these ratings could adversely affect our ability to market our reinsurance and insurance products, our ability to compete with other reinsurers and insurers and our ability to write new business, which in turn could impact our profitability and results. Consistent with market practice, much of our treaty reinsurance business allows the ceding company to terminate the contract or seek collateralization of our obligations in the event of a rating downgrade below a certain threshold. The termination provision would generally be triggered if a financial strength rating fell below A.M. Best’s or S&P A- rating level. To a lesser extent, Everest Re also has modest exposure to reinsurance contracts that contain provisions for obligatory funding of outstanding liabilities in the event of a rating agency downgrade. Those provisions would also generally be triggered if Everest Re’s rating fell below A.M. Best’s or S&P A- rating level. See also ITEM 1, “Financial Strength Ratings”. A decline in our debt ratings could increase our borrowing costs and adversely affect our ability to access capital markets at attractive rates. If our debt ratings are downgraded, we could incur higher borrowing costs, higher cost of capital, increased collateral requirements and our ability to access the capital markets at attractive rates could be impacted. We are unable to provide assurances as to whether or not our ratings may be downgraded by any of the rating agencies in the future. See also ITEM 1, “Debt Ratings”. The failure of our insureds, intermediaries and reinsurers to satisfy their obligations to us could reduce our income. In accordance with industry practice, we have uncollateralized receivables from insureds, agents and brokers and/or rely on agents and brokers to process our payments. We may not be able to collect amounts due from insureds, agents and brokers, resulting in a reduction to net income. We are subject to credit risk of reinsurers in connection with retrocessional arrangements because the transfer of risk to a reinsurer does not relieve us of our liability to the insured. In addition, reinsurers may be unwilling to pay us even though they are able to do so. The failure of one or more of our reinsurers, including but not limited to the counterparties to the adverse development cover reinsurance agreements, to honor their obligations to us in a timely fashion would impact our cash flow and reduce our net income and could cause us to incur a significant loss. The value of our overall investment income could decline due to changed conditions in the financial markets and prevailing general economic conditions. A significant portion of our investment portfolio consists of fixed income securities and smaller portions consist of equity securities and other investments, such as limited partnerships and other alternative investments. The fair value of our invested assets and associated investment income may fluctuate depending on various factors including, but not limited to the effects of economic events and conditions; governmental policies; changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates, inflation and credit spreads; credit ratings; loss frequency and severity; and market volatility. In addition, rapid or unprecedented changes in credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities. The volatility of our losses may force us to liquidate securities, which may cause us to incur capital losses. Realized and unrealized losses in our investment portfolio and changes in our estimates of current expected credit loss allowance can affect our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity and our ability to conduct business. Interest Rate Risk. Most of our fixed income securities are classified as available for sale, and temporary changes in the fair value of these investments due to interest rate fluctuations are reflected as changes to our shareholders’ equity. Additionally, net 23 Table of Contents investment income from fixed income investments that carry prepayment risk, such as mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities, can differ from the income anticipated from those securities at the time of purchase. Credit Risk. Our investment portfolio is subject to the risk of loss due to default or deterioration in the credit quality, financial condition or future recovery prospects of the underlying issuers of our fixed income securities. As a part of our ongoing analysis of our investment portfolio, we are required to assess and estimate current expected credit losses for all held-to-maturity securities and evaluate expected credit losses for available-for-sale securities when fair value is below amortized cost, which considers reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions and estimated future cash flows in addition to information about past events and current conditions. If the issuers or other obligors of individual investments are unable to meet their obligations, investment income will be reduced and realized capital losses may arise. We have exposure to counterparties through a variety of commercial transactions and arrangements, including reinsurance transactions and agreements with banks, hedge funds, private funds and other investment vehicles that expose us to credit risk in the event a counterparty or an underlying issuer or borrower fails to perform its obligations. Equity Risk. We have invested a portion of our investment portfolio in equity securities. The value of these assets fluctuates with changes in the markets. In times of economic weakness, the fair value of these assets may decline. We also invest in non-traditional investments which have different risk characteristics than traditional fixed income and equity securities. These alternative investments are comprised primarily of private equity limited partnerships. The failure to maintain access to enough cash, readily salable or unencumbered financial assets to meet near-term financial obligations may adversely impact business relations and creditworthiness. Liquidity risk is a manifestation of events that are driven by other risk types (insurance, investment, operational). A liquidity shortfall may arise in the event of insufficient access to internal and external funding sources to meet an immediate and significant need for cash or collateral. Additionally, a rapid increase in interest rates can create a short-term pressure on regulatory capital models. The Company's liquidity could be affected by a broad market illiquidity event, default by significant market participant, inability to sell assets, inability to access bank accounts, inability to access capital and credit markets, concentration of catastrophe events or unforeseen capital needs. A failure to have sufficient cashflow to meet obligations may adversely affect business relations and the creditworthiness of the Company. We may require additional capital or financing sources in the future, which may not be available or may be available only on unfavorable terms. Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including rating agency and new regulatory requirements, the performance of our investment portfolio, our ability to write business successfully, the frequency and severity of catastrophe events and our ability to establish premium rates and loss reserves at levels sufficient to cover losses. We may need to raise additional funds through debt or equity financings or access funds through existing or new credit facilities or through short-term repurchase agreements. We may also from time to time seek to refinance debt as amounts become due or commitments expire. Any equity or debt financing or refinancing, if available at all, may be on terms that are not favorable to us. In the case of equity financings, dilution to our shareholders could result, and in any case, such securities may have rights, preferences and privileges that are senior to those of our common shares. Our access to funds under existing credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the banks that are party to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. Because of our holding company structure, our ability to pay dividends, interest and principal is dependent on receiving dividends, loan payments and other funds from our subsidiaries. Each of Group and Holdings is a holding company whose most significant asset is the stock of its operating subsidiaries. As a result, each of Group’s and Holdings’ ability to pay dividends, interest or other payments on its securities in the future will depend on the earnings and cash flows of its respective operating subsidiaries and the ability of the subsidiaries to pay dividends or to advance or repay funds to it. This ability is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. Payment of dividends and advances and repayments from 24 Table of Contents some of the operating subsidiaries are regulated by U.S. states and foreign insurance laws and regulatory restrictions, including minimum solvency and liquidity thresholds. Accordingly, the operating subsidiaries may not be able to pay dividends or advance or repay funds to Group and Holdings in the future, which could prevent us from paying dividends or interest or making other payments on our securities. We may experience foreign currency exchange losses that reduce our net income and capital levels. We conduct business in a variety of non-U.S. currencies, principally the Euro, the British pound and the Canadian dollar. Assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are exposed to changes in currency exchange rates. Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar, and exchange rate fluctuations, especially relative to the U.S. dollar, may materially impact our results and financial position. In 2025, we wrote approximately 31.7% of our coverages in non-U.S. currencies; as of December 31, 2025, we maintained approximately 26.9% of our investment portfolio in investments denominated in non-U.S. currencies. Our business is sensitive to unanticipated levels of inflation. While consideration is given to the levels of inflation and how that may impact premiums and claims, the impacts of inflation may be different than anticipated. Premiums are established before actual losses are known, which may result in some underpricing if inflation rises more rapidly than expected, ultimately creating a deficiency that may impact our financial position. Higher inflation could lead to higher interest rates, which would negatively impact the value of our existing fixed income or other investments. Measures taken by domestic or foreign governments could have effects on our business. The potential political, economic, military and social risks that can emerge from a nation's involvement in international affairs can manifest into elevated geopolitical risk. For financial institutions, there are direct and indirect effects that can result from these events, including effects to the growth of business, return in foreign investments, claims patterns and local operations. Global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. The global economic environment continues to be impacted by fiscal or monetary policies; uncertainty concerning the future path of interest rates; the effect of social, economic and political conditions and geopolitical events, supply chain disruptions; the implementation of tariffs and other protectionist trade policies; and the possibility of a recession, government shutdowns, debt ceilings and funding. Ongoing global economic uncertainties and evolving market conditions may affect our results of operations, financial condition and capital resources. OPERATIONAL We are dependent on our key personnel. In 2025, the Company had various promotions and new executive leadership appointments. Our success has been, and will continue to be, dependent on our ability to retain the services of our existing key executives and other key employees, and to attract and retain additional qualified personnel in the future. The loss of the services of any key executive officer, the failure to successfully effectuate a permanent leadership transition or the inability to hire and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future could adversely affect our ability to conduct business. Changes to or turnover among senior management or key executives could also disrupt the Company’s strategic focus, operational capabilities and may impede our ability to act quickly and efficiently in executing our business strategy. Additionally, the emergence of new technologies, including artificial intelligence (“AI”), requiring in new skill sets and changes in local employment legislation, taxation and the approach of regulatory bodies to compensation practices within our operating jurisdictions may result in difficulty in attracting, developing and retaining key personnel. Special considerations apply to our Bermuda operations. Under Bermuda law, non-Bermudians, other than spouses of Bermudians and individuals holding permanent or working resident certificates, are not permitted to engage in any gainful occupation in Bermuda without a work permit issued by the Bermuda government. Currently, all of our Bermuda-based professional employees who require work permits have been granted permits by the Bermuda government that expire at various times between June 2027 and March 2030. 25 Table of Contents We rely on our processes, people and systems to maintain our operations and manage the operational risks inherent to our business. Any errors, omissions or misconduct by our employees or third-party agents in the execution of these processes could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We seek to monitor and control our exposure to risks arising from these processes through an enterprise risk management framework, internal controls, management review and other processes. Our processes, people and systems may not effectively identify or control all risks, and our employees and third-party agents may not effectively execute them. Losses may result from, among other things, actual or alleged fraud; errors; employee misconduct or failure to document transactions properly, obtain proper internal authorization, comply with underwriting or other internal guidelines or comply with regulatory requirements. Resulting losses could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to cybersecuri ty risks that could negatively impact our business operations. Cybersecurity threats and incidents have increased in recent years, heightening related risks. AI technologies are quickly evolving and being adopted, which may also increase or intensify potential cybersecurity risks. We are dependent upon our information technology platform, including our processing systems, data and electronic transmissions in our business operations. Security breaches and other cyber threats, including those at third parties that have our information, could expose us to the loss or misuse of our technology systems or information, litigation and potential liability. In addition, cyber incidents that impact the confidentiality, integrity, availability, authenticity or other proper functioning of these systems could have a significant negative impact on our operations and possibly our financial results. An incident could also result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, damage our reputation, cause a loss of customers, result in regulatory action or give rise to monetary fines and other penalties, which could be significant, and ultimately have a material adverse effect on our business or operations. We may be unable to anticipate cybersecurity threats, react in a timely manner and may be required to devote substantial additional resources to modify or enhance our information security systems, networks and cybersecurity program and to defray the costs of complying with new or developing regulatory requirements. While we are not aware of a cybersecurity incident that materially affected the Company, including its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition, a future cybersecurity incident could have a material impact on us. Exposure to cybersecurity risk is increasing systematically due to greater digital dependence, emerging technologies such as AI and increased possible losses due to a catastrophic cybersecurity event. Cybersecurity incidents are not bound by time or geographic limitations. Related perils do not have well-established definitions and fundamental physical properties and may be engineered specifically to evade established loss mitigation controls. Any losses incurred from these risks are also dependent on our clients’ and our third-party service providers' cybersecurity practices and defenses, as well as how contract terms and conditions interact with the evolving threat landscape which is out of our control. Some of our service providers may store or have access to our data and may not have effective controls, processes or practices to protect our information. A vulnerability in our service providers’ software or systems or failure of safeguards, policies or procedures, could result in a cyberattack or other incident which could harm our business. See Item 1C, “Cybersecurity” for additional information. We are dependent on brokers and agents for business developments. We rely on brokers and agents. Our relationship with this distribution network is based on quality of underwriting, claim services, financial strength and other factors, which could weaken. Deterioration in relationships with our broker and agent distribution network or their increased promotion and distribution of our competitors’ products could adversely affect our ability to sell our products. Loss of all or a substantial portion of the business provided by one or more of these brokers or agents could have an adverse effect on our business. Analytical models used in decision making and estimates, assumptions and valuations in these models could vary materially from actual results, which could have an adverse impact on the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company. As a financial services company, we are exposed to model risk. We utilize financial models to derive metrics and drive analysis to assist in decision making across key areas, such as pricing, underwriting, reserving, investment management, ceding business, capital allocation and risk management. These models incorporate numerous assumptions and forecasts about the future level of financial metrics, including interest rates, inflation, credit spreads and equity markets. These models may not operate properly, may contain incorrect information and errors and may rely on assumptions and projections that are inherently uncertain which could lead to material variations from actual results. 26 Table of Contents Our operations are subject to business continuation and resiliency risk. Across our global business centers, there is risk that our operations, systems or data, or those of third parties on whom we rely, may be disrupted. We may experience a disruption in business continuity as a result of pandemic and public health crises, geopolitical risks including armed conflict and civil unrest, terrorist events, natural disasters, cyber or other information technology related-incidents affecting technology services, supply-chain disruptions, as well as governmental, business and societal responses to such events, such as restrictions on public gatherings, sanctions, trade restrictions and increased unemployment. All such events may ultimately result in workforce unavailability among other operational impacts. STRATEGIC Our industry is highly competitive and rapidly evolving, and we may not be able to compete successfully in the future. Our industry is highly competitive and subject to pricing cycles that can be pronounced. We compete globally in the United States, Bermuda and international reinsurance and insurance markets with numerous competitors. Our competitors include independent reinsurance and insurance companies, subsidiaries or affiliates of established worldwide insurance companies, reinsurance departments of certain insurance companies and domestic and international underwriting operations, including underwriting syndicates at Lloyd’s of London. According to S&P, Everest ranks among the top ten global property and casualty reinsurance groups. The worldwide net premium written by the Top 40 global reinsurance groups for both life and non-life business was estimated to be $347 billion in 2024 according to data compiled by S&P. In addition to existing competitors, the entry of alternative capital market products and new company formations, such as Insurtech companies, provide additional sources of reinsurance and insurance capacity, which could reduce our market share and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Recent technological advancements in the insurance industry and information technology industry including in underwriting, claims, distribution and operations present new and fast-evolving competitive risks as participants seek to increase the speed of transactions, lower costs and create new opportunities. We will be at a competitive disadvantage if, over time, our competitors are more effective than us in their utilization of technology and evolving data analytics. If we do not anticipate or keep pace with these technological and other changes impacting the insurance industry, it could adversely affect our business results of operations and financial condition. Business or asset acquisitions and dispositions may expose us to certain risks. The completion of any business or asset acquisition or sale is subject to certain risks, including those relating to the receipt of required regulatory approvals, the terms and conditions of regulatory approvals including any financial accommodations required by regulators, our ability to satisfy such terms, conditions and accommodations, the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of a transaction and the risk that parties may not be willing or able to satisfy the conditions to a transaction. As a result, there can be no assurance that any business or asset acquisition or sale will be completed as contemplated, or at all, or regarding the expected timing of the completion of the acquisition or disposition. Additionally, acquisitions and divestitures may not produce the anticipated benefits and may result in unintended consequences, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to achieve expected synergies as a result of acquisitions or divestitures. In the case of business or asset dispositions, we may have continued financial exposure to the divested businesses through reinsurance, indemnification or other financial arrangements following the transaction. The expected benefits of acquired or divested businesses may not be realized and involve additional uncertainties, continuing costs and risks that may negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. For example, in October 2025, the Company entered into definitive agreements to sell the renewal rights for certain lines of the commercial retail insurance business in the U.S., U.K., E.U. and Asia Pacific to AIG There can be no assurance that we will realize the anticipated economic, strategic or other benefits of the transaction. We may also incur other related costs and our existing businesses could also be negatively impacted. 27 Table of Contents SHAREHOLDERS, LEGAL & REGULATION Applicable insurance laws may have an anti-takeover effect. Before a person can acquire control of a U.S. insurance company, prior written approval must be obtained from the insurance commissioner of the state where that insurance company is domiciled or deemed commercially domiciled. Prior to granting approval of an application to acquire control of a domestic insurance company, a state insurance commissioner will consider such factors as the financial strength of the applicant, the integrity and competence of the applicant’s board of directors and executive officers, the acquiror’s plans for the future operations of the insurance company and any anti-competitive results that may arise from the consummation of the acquisition of control. Because any person who acquired control of Group would thereby acquire indirect control of its insurance company subsidiaries in the United States, the insurance change of control laws of Delaware and California would apply to such a transaction. This could have the effect of delaying or even preventing such a change of control. We may be subject to legal, governmental or regulatory proceedings. In the normal course of business, we are subject to regulatory and governmental investigations, document requests, subpoenas and civil actions, litigation and other forms of dispute resolution in various domestic and foreign jurisdictions. In addition, we are involved in litigation and arbitration concerning our rights and obligations under policies and contracts issued by us and under reinsurance contracts with third parties. Such investigations, inquiries, document requests, subpoenas or examinations could develop into administrative, civil or criminal proceedings or enforcement actions, including class-actions, in which remedies could include fines, penalties, restitution, remedial actions, enhanced supervision or alterations in our business practices, and could result in additional expenses, limitations on certain business activities and reputational damage. The ownership of common shares of Group by Everest Re Advisors, Ltd., a direct subsidiary of Group, may have an impact on securing approval of shareholder proposals that Group’s management supports. As of December 31, 2025, Everest Re Advisors, Ltd. (Bermuda) owned 9,719,971 or 19.3% of the outstanding common shares of Group. Under Group’s bye-laws, the total voting power of any shareholder owning more than 9.9% of the common shares is reduced to 9.9% of the total voting power of the common shares. Nevertheless, Everest Re Advisors, Ltd., which is controlled by Group, has the ability to vote 9.9% of the total voting power of Group’s common shares. Provisions in Group’s bye-laws could have an anti-takeover effect, which could diminish the value of its common shares. Group’s bye-laws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control that a shareholder might consider favorable. The effect of these provisions could be to prevent a shareholder from receiving the benefit from any premium over the market price of our common shares offered by a bidder in a potential takeover. Even in the absence of an attempt to effect a change in management or a takeover attempt, these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common shares if they are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. For example, Group’s bye-laws contain the following provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect: • the total voting power of any shareholder owning more than 9.9% of the common shares will be reduced to 9.9% of the total voting power of the common shares; • the board of directors may decline to register any transfer of common shares if it has reason to believe that the transfer would result in: i. any person that is not an investment company beneficially owning more than 5.0% of any class of the issued and outstanding share capital of Group, ii. any person holding controlled shares in excess of 9.9% of any class of the issued and outstanding share capital of Group, or iii. any adverse tax, regulatory or legal consequences to Group, any of its subsidiaries or any of its shareholders; • Group also has the option to redeem or purchase all or part of a shareholder’s common shares to the extent the board of directors determines it is necessary or advisable to avoid or cure any adverse or potential adverse consequences if: 28 Table of Contents i. any person that is not an investment company beneficially owns more than 5.0% of any class of the issued and outstanding share capital of Group, ii. any person holds controlled shares in excess of 9.9% of any class of the issued and outstanding share capital of Group, or iii. share ownership by any person may result in adverse tax, regulatory or legal consequences to Group, any of its subsidiaries or any other shareholder. The Board has indicated that it will apply these bye-law provisions in such manner that “passive institutional investors” will be treated similarly to investment companies. For this purpose, “passive institutional investors” include all persons who are eligible, pursuant to Rule 13d-1(b)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) to file a short-form statement on Schedule 13G, other than an insurance company or any parent holding company or control person of an insurance company. Investors in Group may have more difficulty in protecting their interests than investors in a U.S. corporation. The Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (the “Companies Act”), differs in material respects from the laws applicable to U.S. corporations and their shareholders. The following is a summary of material differences between the Companies Act, as modified in some instances by provisions of Group’s bye-laws, and Delaware corporate law that could make it more difficult for investors in Group to protect their interests than investors in a U.S. corporation. Because the following statements are summaries, they do not address all aspects of Bermuda law that may be relevant to Group and its shareholders. Alternate Directors. Group’s bye-laws provide, as permitted by Bermuda law, that each director may appoint an alternate director, who shall have the power to attend and vote at any meeting of the Board or committee at which that director is not personally present and to sign written consents in place of that director. Delaware law permits a director to appoint another director as an alternate to attend any board committee meeting. However, Delaware law does not provide for the designation of alternate directors with authority to attend or vote at a meeting of the Board. Committees of the Board of Directors. Group’s bye-laws provide, as permitted by Bermuda law, that the Board may delegate any of its powers to committees that the Board appoints, and those committees may consist partly or entirely of non-directors. Delaware law
[...TRUNCATED...]