TICKER=EIPAF|YEAR=2026|CAT=fpi|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat2-foreign-adr/20F/2026/EIPAF_2026-03-23.htm.gz
Risk factors 1 Item 4. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY 18 History and development of the Company 18 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 31 Exploration & Production 31 Global Gas & LNG Portfolio and Power 53 Enilive and Plenitude 57 Refining and Chemicals 62 Corporate and Other activities 67 Research and development 68 Insurance 70 Environmental matters 70 Regulation of Eni’s businesses 80 Property, plant and equipment 91 Organizational structure 91 Item 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 92 Item 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS 92 Operating results 92 Liquidity and capital resources 113 Recent developments and significant transactions 118 Management’s expectations of operations 119 Item 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 129 Directors and Senior Management 129 Compensation 138 Board practices 139 Employees 155 Share ownership 156 Item 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 157 i Table of Contents Major Shareholders 157 Related parties transactions 157 Item 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 158 Consolidated Statements and other financial information 158 Significant changes 158 Item 9. THE OFFER AND THE LISTING 159 Offer and listing details 159 Markets 160 Item 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 161 Memorandum and Articles of Association 161 Material contracts 168 Exchange controls 168 Taxation 168 Documents on display 173 Item 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 174 Item 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES 176 Item 12A. Debt securities 176 Item 12B. Warrants and rights 176 Item 12C. Other securities 176 Item 12D. American Depositary Shares 176 PART II Item 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES 178 Item 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS 178 Item 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 178 Item 16. [RESERVED] 179 Item 16A. Board of Statutory Auditors financial expert 179 Item 16B. Code of Ethics 179 Item 16C. Principal accountant fees and services 179 Item 16D. Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees 180 Item 16E. Purchases of equity securities by the issuer and affiliated purchasers 180 Item 16F. Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant 181 Item 16G. Significant differences in Corporate Governance practices as per Section 303A.11 of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual 181 Item 16H. Mine safety disclosure 184 Item 16I. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 184 Item 16J. Insider trading policies 184 Item 16K . Cybersecurity 184 PART III Item 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 188 Item 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 188 Item 19. EXHIBITS 189 ii Table of Contents Ce r tain dis c losu r es contained he r ein in c ludin g , without limitation, ce r tain in f ormation appearing in “Item 4 – In f ormation on the Compa n y”, and in pa r ticular “Item 4 – Explo r ation & P r oductio n ”, “Item 5 – Ope r ating and Financial R e view and P r ospects” and “Item 11 – Quantitat i v e and Qualitat i v e Dis c losu r es about Ma rk et Risk” contain f or w a r d-looking statements r e g a r ding futu r e e v ents and the futu r e r esults of Eni that a r e based on cur r ent e xpectation s , estimate s , f o r ecast s , and p r ojections about the industries in w hi c h Eni ope r ates and the beliefs and assumptions of the mana g ement of Eni. Eni may also ma k e f or w a r d-looking statements in other written material s , in c luding other documents f iled with or furnished to the U . S . Securities and E x c han g e Commission (the “SEC”). In addition, Eni ’ s senior mana g ement may ma k e f or w a r d-looking statements o r al l y to ana l yst s , i n v esto r s , r ep r esentat i v es of the media and othe rs . In pa r ticula r , among other statement s , ce r tain statements with r e g a r d to mana g ement object i v e s , t r ends in r esults of ope r ation s , ma r gin s , cost s , r eturn on capital, risk mana g ement and competition a r e f or w a r d looking in natu r e . W o r ds su c h as ‘ e xpects’, ‘anticipates’, ‘ta rg ets’, ‘ g oals’, ‘p r ojects’, ‘intends’, ‘plans’, ‘beli e v es’, ‘seeks’,‘estimates’, v ariations of su c h w o r d s , and similar e xp r essions a r e intended to identify su c h f or w a r d-looking statement s . These f or w a r d-looking statements a r e on l y p r edictions and a r e subject to risk s , unce r taintie s , and assumptions that a r e dif f icult to p r edict because th e y r elate to e v ents and depend on ci r cumstances that will occur in the futu r e . The r e f o r e , Eni ’ s actual r esults may dif f er material l y and ad v e r se l y f r om those e xp r essed or implied in a n y f or w a r d-looking statement s . F acto r s that mi g ht cause or contribute to su c h dif f e r ences in c lud e , but a r e not limited t o , those discussed in this Annual R epo r t on F orm 20-F under the section entitled “Risk f acto r s” and else w he r e . A n y f or w a r d-looking statements made b y or on behalf of Eni speak on l y as of the date th e y a r e mad e . Eni does not unde r ta k e to update f or w a r d-looking statements to r eflect a n y c han g es in Eni ’ s e xpectations with r e g a r d the r eto or a n y c han g es in e v ent s , conditions or ci r cumstances on w hi c h a n y su c h statement is based. The r eader should, h ow e v e r , consult a n y fu r ther dis c losu r es Eni may ma k e in documents it f iles with the SE C . CE R T AIN DEFINED TERMS In this F o r m 20- F , the te r ms “Eni”, the “G r oup”, or the “Compa n y” r efer to the pa r ent compa n y Eni SpA and its consolid a ted subsidiaries and, unless the cont e xt otherwise r equi r e s , their r espect iv e p r edecessor companie s . All r efe r ences to “It a l y” or the “St a te” a r e r efe r ences to the R epu b lic of It a l y , a ll r efe r ences to the “G o v ernment” a r e r efe r ences to the g o v ernment of the R epu b lic of It a l y . F or de f initions of certain oil and gas te r ms used he r ein and certain co n v ersion s , see “Glossary” and “Co n v ersion T a b le”. PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION The Consolid a ted Financi a l St a tements of Eni, included in this An n u a l R eport, h a v e been p r epa r ed in acco r dance with Intern a tion a l Financi a l Standa r ds (IFRS) as issued b y the Intern a tion a l Accounting Standa r ds Boa r d (IASB). Unless otherwise indic a ted, a n y r efe r ence he r ein to “Consolid a ted Financi a l St a tements” is to the Consolid a ted Financi a l St a tements of Eni (including the Notes the r eto) included he r ein. Unless otherwise speci f ied or the cont e xt otherwise r equi r e s , r efe r ences he r ein to “dollars”, “$”, “ U . S . dollars”, “US$” and “USD” a r e to the cur r ency of the United St a te s , and r efe r ences to “eu r o”, “EUR” and “€” a r e to the cur r ency of the Eu r opean Monetary Union. Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references herein to “Division” and “segment” are to any of the following Eni’s business activities: “Exploration & Production” (or “E&P”), “Global Gas & LNG Portfolio and Power”, “Enilive and Plenitude”, “Refining and Chemicals” and “Corporate and Other activities”. References to Enilive are to Eni’s biofeedstock supply, storage, production, distribution and marketing of biofuels, oil products, biomethane, smart mobility solutions and mobility services, all managed through its fully-owned subsidiary Enilive and its controlled entities. References to Plenitude are to Eni’s retail gas and power activities and services, renewables and e-mobility businesses which are managed through its fully-owned subsidiary Eni Plenitude SpA Società Benefit and Plenitude’s controlled entities. The results of the operations of Enilive and Plenitude are included in the segment information “Enilive and Plenitude” for financial reporting purposes. R efe r ences to V ers a lis or Chemic a l a r e to Eni ’ s chemic a l act i vities w hich a r e man a ged th r ough its ful l y- o wned subsidiary V ers a lis and V ers a lis’ cont r olled entitie s . The results of operations of the Chemical business are included in the segment information “Refining and Chemicals” for financial reporting purposes. For further details on Eni’s business structure and financial reporting segments refer to “Item 4 – Information on the Company”. Exhibit 99 which contains Eni’s disclosure pursuant to the EU Taxonomy regulation does not form part of this Form 20-F and is not incorporated herein. S TA TEMENTS REGARDING COMPETITIVE POSITION St a tements made in “Item 4 – In f o r m a tion on the Compa n y” r eferring to Eni ’ s competit iv e position a r e based on the Compa n y ’ s b e lie f , and in some cases re l y on a r ange of sou r ce s , including i n v estment an a l ysts’ r eport s , independent ma r k et studies and Eni ’ s intern a l assessment of ma r k et sha r e based on pu b lic l y a v ail a b le in f o r m a tion a bout the f inanci a l r esults and per f o r mance of ma r k et participant s . Ma r k et sha r e estim a tes contained in this document a r e based on man a gement estim a tes unless otherwise indic a ted. iii Table of Contents G L OSSA R Y B e l o w is a s e lection of the most f r equent l y used te r ms th r oughout this An n u a l R eport on F o r m 20- F . A n y r efe r ence he r ein to a non-GAAP measu r e and to its most di r ect l y compa r a b le GAAP measu r e sh a ll be intended as a r efe r ence to a non-IFRS measu r e and the compa r a b le IFRS measu r e . Financial terms Identified net gains (losses) Identified net gains (losses) include certain significant income or charges pertaining to either: (i) infrequent or unusual events and transactions, being identified as non-recurring items under such circumstances; (ii) certain events or transactions which are not considered to be representative of the ordinary course of business, as in the case of environmental provisions, restructuring charges, asset impairments or write ups and gains or losses on divestments even though they occurred in past periods or are likely to occur in future ones. Exchange rate differences and derivatives relating to industrial activities and commercial payables and receivables, particularly exchange rate derivatives to manage commodity pricing formulas which are quoted in a currency other than the functional currency are reclassified in operating profit with a corresponding adjustment to net finance charges, notwithstanding the handling of foreign currency exchange risks is made centrally by netting off naturally-occurring opposite positions and then dealing with any residual risk exposure in the derivative market. Finally, special items include the accounting effects of fair-valued commodity derivatives relating to commercial exposures: in addition to those which lack the criteria to be designed as hedges, also those which are not eligible for the own use exemption, including the ineffective portion of cash flow hedges, as well as the accounting effects of settled commodity and exchange rates derivatives whenever it is deemed that the underlying transaction is expected to occur in future reporting periods. Correspondently, special charges/gains also include the evaluation effects relating to assets/liabilities utilized in a natural hedge relation to offset a market risk, as in the case of accrued currency differences at finance debt denominated in a currency other than the reporting currency, where the cash outflows for the reimbursement are matched by highly probable cash inflows in the same currency. The deferral of both the unrealized portion of fair-valued commodity and other derivatives and evaluation effects are reversed to future reporting periods when the underlying transaction occurs. Gearing A non-GAAP measure of the Company’s financial condition, calculated as the ratio between net borrowings and shareholders’ equity plus net borrowings. This ratio is calculated also excluding the IFRS 16 lease liability. Net bor ro wings Eni evaluates its financial condition by reference to “net borrowings”, which is a non-GAAP measure. Eni calculates net borrowings as total finance debt less: cash, cash equivalents and certain very liquid investments not related to operations, including among others non-operating financing receivables and securities not related to operations. Non-operating financing receivables consist of amounts due to Eni’s financing subsidiaries from banks and other financing institutions and amounts due to other subsidiaries from banks for investing purposes and deposits in escrow. It includes certain long-term financing receivables due to the Company by affiliates, based on the Company’s sole exposure to counterparty credit risk and as a reimbursement plan has been scheduled. Securities not related to operations consist primarily of government and corporate securities. For a discussion of management’s view of the usefulness of this measure and its reconciliation with the most directly comparable GAAP measure, “Total debt” see “Item 5 – Financial condition”. TSR ( T otal Sha r eholder R eturn) Management uses this measure to assess the total return on Eni’s shares. It is calculated on a yearly basis, keeping account of the change in market price of Eni’s shares (at the beginning and at end of year) and dividends distributed and reinvested at the ex-dividend date. iv Table of Contents Business terms ARERA (Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks and Environment) formerly AEEGSI (Authority for Electricity Gas and Water) The Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks and Environment is the Italian independent body which regulates, controls and monitors the electricity, gas and water sectors and markets in Italy. The Authority’s role and purpose is to protect the interests of users and consumers, promote competition and ensure efficient, cost-effective and profitable nationwide services with satisfactory quality levels. Furthermore, since December 2017 the Authority also has regulatory and control functions over the waste cycle, including sorted, urban and related waste. Associated gas Associated gas is a natural gas found in contact with or dissolved in crude oil in the reservoir. It can be further categorized as Gas-Cap Gas or Solution Gas. Average reserve life index Ratio between the amount of reserves at the end of the year and total production for the year. Barrel/BBL Volume unit corresponding to 159 liters. A barrel of oil corresponds to about 0.137 metric tons. BOE Barrel of Oil Equivalent. It is used as a standard unit measure for oil and natural gas. The latter is converted from standard cubic meters into barrels of oil equivalent using a certain coefficient (see “Conversion Table” on page ix). Compounding Activity specialized in production of semifinished products in granular form, resulting from the combination of two or more chemical products. Concession contracts Contracts currently applied mainly in Western countries regulating relationships between states and oil companies with regards to hydrocarbon exploration and production. The company holding the mining concession has an exclusive right on exploration, development and production activities and for this reason it acquires a right to hydrocarbons extracted against the payment of royalties on production and taxes on oil revenues to the state. Condensates Condensates are a mixture of hydrocarbons that exists in the gaseous phase at original reservoir temperature and pressure, but that, when produced, is in the liquid phase at surface pressure and temperature. Consob The Italian National Commission for listed companies and the stock exchange (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa). Contingent resources Contingent resources are those quantities of petroleum estimated, as of a given date, to be potentially recoverable from known accumulations, but the applied project(s) are not yet considered mature enough for commercial development due to one or more contingencies. Conversion capacity Maximum amount of feedstock that can be processed in certain dedicated facilities of a refinery to obtain finished products. Conversion facilities include catalytic crackers, hydrocrackers, visbreaking units, and coking units. Conversion index Ratio of capacity of conversion facilities to primary distillation capacity. The higher the ratio, the higher is the capacity of a refinery to obtain high value products from the heavy residue of primary distillation. Deep waters Waters deeper than 200 meters. Development Drilling and other post-exploration activities aimed at the production of oil and gas. Enhanced recovery Techniques used to increase or stretch over time the production of wells. Eni carbon efficiency index Ratio between GHG emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 in tonnes CO 2 eq.) of the main industrial activities operated by Eni divided by the productions (converted by homogeneity into barrels of oil equivalent using Eni’s average conversion factors) of the single businesses of reference. v Table of Contents EPC Engineering, Procurement and Construction. EPCI Engineering, Procurement, Construction and Installation. Exploration Oil and natural gas exploration that includes land surveys, geological and geophysical studies, seismic data gathering and analysis and well drilling. FPSO Floating Production Storage and Offloading System. FSO Floating Storage and Offloading System. Greenhouse Gases (GHG) Gases in the atmosphere, transparent to solar radiation, that trap infrared radiation emitted by the earth’s surface. The greenhouse gases relevant within Eni’s activities are carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4) and nitrous oxide (N2O). GHG emissions are commonly reported in CO2 equivalent (CO2eq) according to Global Warming Potential values in line with IPCC AR4, 4th Assessment Report. Infilling wells Infilling wells are wells drilled in a producing area in order to improve the recovery of hydrocarbons from the field and to maintain and/or increase production levels. LNG Liquefied Natural Gas obtained through the cooling of natural gas to minus 160 °C at normal pressure. The gas is liquefied to allow transportation from the place of extraction to the sites at which it is transformed back into its natural gaseous state and consumed. One tonne of LNG corresponds to 1,400 cubic meters of gas. LPG Liquefied Petroleum Gas, a mix of light petroleum fractions, gaseous at normal pressure and easily liquefied at room temperature through limited compression. Margin The difference between the average selling price and direct acquisition cost of a finished product or raw material excluding other production costs (e.g. refining margin, margin on distribution of natural gas and petroleum products or margin of petrochemical products). Margin trends reflect the trading environment and are, to a certain extent, a gauge of industry profitability. Mineral Potential (Potentially recoverable hydrocarbon volumes) Estimated recoverable volumes which cannot be defined as reserves due to a number of reasons, such as the temporary lack of viable markets, a possible commercial recovery dependent on the development of new technologies, or for their location in accumulations yet to be developed or where evaluation of known accumulations is still at an early stage. Natural gas liquids (NGL) Liquid or liquefied hydrocarbons recovered from natural gas through separation equipment or natural gas treatment plants. Propane, normal-butane and isobutane, isopentane and pentane plus, that were previously defined as natural gasoline, are natural gas liquids. Net Scope 1+2 Upstream Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions associated with Eni’s upstream operations or third parties’, accounted for on a financial perimeter basis, net of carbon credits mainly from Natural Climate Solutions and Technological solutions. Net Scope 1+2 Eni Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions associated with Eni’s operations or third parties’, accounted for on a financial perimeter basis, net of carbon credits mainly from Natural Climate Solutions and Technological solutions. Net Intensity Scope 1+2+3 Ratio between the GHG emissions Scope 1+2+3 (net of carbon credits mainly from Natural Climate Solutions and Technological solutions) and the energy content of products sold. Network Code A code containing norms and regulations for access to, management and operation of natural gas pipelines. Oilfield chemicals Innovative solutions for supply of chemicals and related ancillary services for Oil & Gas business. Over/Under lifting Agreements stipulated between partners which regulate the right of each to its share in the production for a set period of time. Amounts lifted by a partner different from the agreed amounts determine temporary Over/Under lifting situations. vi Table of Contents Possible reserves Possible reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than probable reserves. Probable reserves Probable reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves but which, together with proved reserves, are as likely as not to be recovered. Primary balanced refining capacity Maximum amount of feedstock that can be processed in a refinery to obtain finished products measured in BBL/d. Production Sharing Agreement (PSA) Contract regulates relationships between states and oil companies with regard to the exploration and production of hydrocarbons. The mineral right is awarded to the national oil company jointly with the foreign oil company that has an exclusive right to perform exploration, development and production activities and can enter into agreements with other local or international entities. In this type of contract the national oil company assigns to the international contractor the task of performing exploration and production with the contractor’s equipment and financial resources. Exploration risks are borne by the contractor and production is divided into two portions: “Cost Oil” is used to recover costs borne by the contractor and “Profit Oil” is divided between the contractor and the national company according to variable schemes and represents the profit deriving from exploration and production. Further terms and conditions of these contracts may vary from country to country. Proved reserves Proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible, from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations, prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time. Existing economic conditions include prices and costs at which economic producibility from a reservoir is to be determined. The price shall be the average price during the 12-month period prior to the ending date of the period covered by the report, determined as an unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within such period, unless prices are defined by contractual arrangements, excluding escalations based upon future conditions. Reserves are classified as either developed and undeveloped. Proved developed oil and gas reserves are reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well, and through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well. Proved undeveloped oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. REDD+ REDD+ stands for Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradationand the “+” symbolizes additional activities related to conservation, sustainable forest management, and enhancement of forest carbon stocks. This scheme was designed by the United Nations (United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change - UNFCCC) and anchored in Article 5 of the Paris Agreement. It involves conserving forests to reduce emissions and improve the natural storage capacity of CO 2 , as well as protecting biodiversity and promoting local communities socio-economic development. Renewable Installed Capacity Renewable Installed Capacity is measured as the maximun generating capacity of Eni’s share of power plants that use renewable energy sources (wind, solar and wave, and any other non-fossil fuel source of generation deriving from natural resources, excluding, from the avoidance of doubt, nuclear energy) to produce electricity. The capacity is considered “installed” once the power plants are in operation or the mechanical completion phase has been reached. The mechanical completion represents the final construction stage excluding the grid connection. Reserves Reserves are estimated remaining quantities of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of a given date, by application of development projects to known accumulations. In addition, there must exist, or there must be a reasonable expectation that there will exist, the produce or a revenue interest in the production, installed means of delivering oil and gas or related substances to market, and all permits and financing required to implement the project. vii Table of Contents Reserve life index Ratio between the amount of proved reserves at the end of the year and total production for the year. Reserve replacement ratio Measure of the reserves produced replaced by proved reserves. Indicates the company’s ability to add new reserves through exploration and purchase of property. A rate higher than 100% indicates that more reserves were added than produced in the period. The ratio should be averaged on a three-year period in order to reduce the distortion deriving from the purchase of proved property, the revision of previous estimates, enhanced recovery, improvement in recovery rates and changes in the amount of reserves – in PSAs – due to changes in international oil prices. Scope 1 GHG Emissions Direct greenhouse gas emissions from company’s operations, produced from sources that are owned or controlled by the company. Scope 2 GHG Emissions Indirect greenhouse gas emissions resulting from the generation of electricity, steam and heat purchased from third parties and consumed by assets owned or controlled by the company. Scope 3 GHG Emissions Indirect GHG emissions associated with the value chain of Eni’s products. SERM (Standard Eni Refining Margin) It approximates the margin of Eni's refining system in consideration of the refinery Ship-or-pay Clause included in natural gas transportation contracts according to which the customer is requested to pay for the transportation of gas whether or not the gas is actually transported. Take-or-pay Clause included in natural gas supply contracts according to which the purchaser is bound to pay the contractual price or a fraction of such price for a minimum quantity of gas set in the contract whether or not the gas is collected by the purchaser. The purchaser has the option of collecting the gas paid for and not delivered at a price equal to the residual fraction of the price set in the contract in subsequent contract years. Title Transfer Facility The Title Transfer Facility, more commonly known as TTF, is a virtual trading point for natural gas in the Netherlands. TTF Price is quoted in euro per megawatt hour and, for business day, is quoted day-ahead, i.e. delivered next working day after assessment. UN SDGs The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are the blueprint to achieve a better and more sustainable future for all by 2030. Adopted by all United Nations Member States in 2015, they address the global challenges the world is facing, including those related to poverty, inequality, climate change, environmental degradation, peace and justice. For further detail see the website https://unsdg.un.org Upstream/Downstream The term upstream refers to all hydrocarbon exploration and production activities. The term downstream includes all activities inherent to the oil and gas sector that are downstream of exploration and production activities. Upstream GHG Emission intensity Ratio between 100% Scope 1 GHG emissions from Upstream operated assets and 100% gross operated production (expressed in barrel of oil equivalent). viii Table of Contents ABBREVI A TIONS mmCF = million cubic feet mmtonnes = million tonnes BCF = billion cubic feet MW = megawatt mmCM = million cubic meters GWh = gigawatthour BCM = billion cubic meters TWh = terawatthour BOE = barrel of oil equivalent /d = per day /y = per year KBOE = thousand barrel of oil equivalent mmBOE = million barrel of oil equivalent BBOE = billion barrel of oil equivalent BBL = barrels KBBL = thousand barrels mmBBL = million barrels BBBL = billion barrels mmBTU = million British thermal unit ktonnes = thousand tonnes KW = kilowatt GW = gigawatt Gcal = giga calorie CONVERSION T ABLE 1 acre = 0.405 hectares 1 barrel = 42 U.S. gallons 1 BOE = 1 barrel of crude oil = 5,232 cubic feet of n a tu r a l gas 1 barrel of crude oil per day = approximately 50 tonnes of crude oil per year 1 cubic meter of natural gas = 35.3147 cubic feet of natural gas 1 cubic meter of natural gas = approximately 0.00675 barrels of oil equivalent 1 kilometer = approximately 0.62 miles 1 short ton = 0.907 tonnes = 2,000 pounds 1 long ton = 1.016 tonnes = 2,240 pounds 1 tonne = 1 metric ton = 1,000 kilograms = approximately 2,205 pounds 1 tonne of crude oil = 1 metric ton of crude oil = approximately 7.3 barrels of crude oil (assuming an API gravity of 34 degrees) ix Table of Contents Item 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISORS NOT APPLICABLE Item 2 . OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE NOT APPLICABLE Item 3. KEY INFORM A TION RISK FACTORS Eni is exposed to the effects of changing commodity prices and margins Eni is primarily in a commodities business that has a history of price volatility. The most significant factor that affects the Company’s results of operations and cash flow is the price of crude oil, which can be influenced by several variables, including general economic conditions and level of economic growth or recessionary conditions; industry production and inventory levels; technology advancements, including those in pursuit of a lower carbon economy; greenhouse gas emissions and climate change; production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”) or other producers; weather-related damage and disruptions due to other natural or human causes beyond Eni’s control; competing fuel prices; geopolitical risks; the pace of energy transition; customer and consumer preferences and the use of substitutes; and governmental regulations, policies and other actions regarding the development of oil and gas reserves. Eni evaluates the risk of changing commodity prices as a core part of its business planning process and resource allocation. An investment in the Company carries significant exposure to fluctuations in global crude oil prices and, to a lesser extent, in prices of other energy commodities. In the short term, crude oil prices are mainly determined by the balance between global oil supply and demand, and the global levels of commercial inventories. A downturn in economic activity normally triggers lower global demand for crude oil, possibly resulting in oversupplies and inventories build-up, because in the short term, producers are unable to quickly adapt to swings in demand. Whenever global supplies of crude oil exceed demand, crude oil prices decrease. In the short term, global demand for crude oil is influenced by macroeconomic trends in large consuming countries (such as China, India and the United States) as well as any financial crisis, levels of inflation and interest rates, geo-political crisis, local conflicts, wars, strikes, attacks, sabotages (particularly in the crude oil-rich area of Middle East), social and political instability, pandemic diseases, flows of international commerce, trade disputes and governments’ fiscal policies, extreme weather events and natural disruptions, among others. Furthermore, trends in the market of crude oil derivatives contracts (futures and options), where material volumes of paper barrels are exchanged daily amongst financial operators (including commodity trading advisories, hedge funds and commodity specialists), can significantly affect short-term movements in crude oil prices driven by operators’ sentiment and expectations about the future direction of price which shape their positioning (long vs. short on the commodity). Considering that volumes exchanged daily in the paper market are several times greater than physical daily exchanges, the role of financial operators, who have been increasingly relying on algorithmic trading amplifying price movements in either direction, can overturn supply and demand fundamentals. On the supply side, currently there is ample availability of crude oil. Notwithstanding the United States is the main oil producer in the world since the shale oil revolution of 2011, in the short term global balances are influenced to a considerable extent by the system of production quotas and level of spare capacity held by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries “OPEC” and its allied countries, among them Russia and Kazakhstan, known as the OPEC+ alliance, which have signed a declaration of cooperation (“DoC”) few years ago, designed to stabilize crude oil prices through production ceilings and voluntary production cuts. Therefore, decisions on part of the OPEC+ about production levels can have a significant influence on the price of crude oil in the short term. For example, in April 2025, the alliance resolved to start returning to the market a portion of the production cuts made in previous years, triggering a correction in the price of crude oil. In the long term, demand for crude oil may be negatively affected by development of alternative energy sources (e.g., nuclear and renewables), technological breakthroughs, shifts in consumer preferences, and measures and other initiatives adopted by governments to tackle climate change and to curb carbon dioxide emissions (CO 2 emissions), including stricter regulations and control on production and consumption of crude oil. Eni’s management believes the push to reduce worldwide greenhouse gas emissions and the ongoing energy transition towards a low carbon economy could materially affect the worldwide energy mix and may lead to structural lower crude oil demands and prices. See the risk factor titled “Rising concerns about climate change and the effects of the energy transition could lead to a decline in demand for hydrocarbons and potentially lower prices ” below. 1 Table of Contents After a solid start to 2025 with prices in the 75-80 $/bbl range, the price of the commodity has been gradually declining since the second quarter of the year due to a combination of weakening fundamentals and bearish expectations about future price direction among financial operators. Global economic growth has slowed down pressured by the trade disputes commenced by the USA administration against its main partners affecting international commercial flows, in addition to an uncertain recovery path of the Chinese economy, and by high interest rates. Persistent geopolitical tensions in the Middle East, while the armed invasion of Ukraine by Russia has been dragging on without resolution, have also negatively affected investors and consumers’ confidence and hence economic activity. Finally, the decision of member countries of the OPEC+ alliance to unwind a significant portion of the voluntary production cuts made in April/November 2023, while US production remained resilient and other areas like Brazil and Guyana showed remarkable growth increased oil supplies at a time when demand growth was moderating. Furthermore, fundamental trends shaping current imbalances have been amplified by the bearish positioning of speculative traders, who for the first time on record have retained a net short position in the future contracts for the US crude benchmark (the West Texas Intermediate “WTI”) in August 2025, accelerating an ongoing price downturn. This was a landmark event, because never in the history of the futures market traders have been so negative about future crude oil prices, including the Great Financial Crisis of 2008, the 2015-2016 downturn and the COVID pandemic recession, and occurred notwithstanding the physical balances, albeit on a weakening trend, did not indicate a significantly oversupplied market. This flagged a possible heightened risk for the oil price in relation to the prevalence of speculative trading over physical flows in dictating the price direction in the short term. Due to those developments, crude oil prices for the Brent benchmark have declined to a range of 60-70 $/bbl for the rest of the year to close at a yearly average price of 69 $/bbl (down 14.5% y-o-y), plunging to the lowest level in more than five years at around 60 $/bbl in early January 2026. Since then, prices have been recovering steadily to over 100$/bbl at the start of March 2026, due to escalating tensions in the Middle East that have culminated in acts of war involving the USA, Israel and Iran, as financial operators began discounting risks of possible disruptions to crude oil flows from the Gulf. Considering the uncertainties related to possible evolution of the tensions in Middle East as well as in the military aggression of Ukraine by Russia, based on a review of market fundamentals and assuming moderate growth in the global economy, the management estimates the price of the Brent crude oil at 70 $/bbl (nominal terms) in 2026. The drivers of prices and demand for natural gas are like those of crude oil. The development of massive liquefaction capacity that has occurred in recent years in countries like the United States, Qatar and Australia has helped to develop a global liquid market of gas, with traders being able to redirect LNG volumes from one geography to another based on price arbitrages. Differently from crude oil, the absolute levels of natural gas prices change from region to region due to specific supply dynamics (e.g. in 2025 the price of natural gas in the United States was one fifth that of Europe, because Europe is a net importer, whilst the United States is currently an oversupplied market due to growing domestic production), while consumption of natural gas is significantly exposed to seasonal patterns and competition from renewables. All those trends may result in a high degree of volatility in natural gas prices. In 2025, natural gas prices in Europe were on average in line compared to 2024 reflecting more pronounced seasonal consumption rather than improving fundamentals as new, significant liquefaction capacity entered into operations in the United States, Canada, where the first LNG exporting project started operations, and production rose in China, which is a net importer of LNG. Against the backdrop of increased supplies, industrial activity, the main driver of gas demand, remained weak in Europe and China, and electricity generation from renewables continued to grow. The outlook for natural gas prices in the short to medium term is compounded by expectations of material additions of LNG production capacity in the United States and Qatar, the emergence of Canada as a new potential large supplier, and rising competition from renewables. In the long-term, demand for natural gas is exposed to the risks of the transition to a low-carbon economy. The volatility of hydrocarbon prices significantly affects the Group’s financial performance. Lower hydrocarbon prices negatively affect the Group’s consolidated results of operations and cash flow; while the opposite effect is caused by a rise in prices. This is because lower prices translate into lower revenues recognized in the Company’s Exploration & Production segment at the time of the price change, whereas expenses in this segment are either fixed or less sensitive to changes in crude oil prices than revenues. The Group is mainly exposed to the price of crude oil as featured by the fact that the same relative change in the crude oil price yields a considerably larger impact at the Group’s results of operations and cash flow than the gas price. This is because a significant portion of natural gas production volumes are marketed at fixed prices or are indexed to the price of crude oil. In 2025, the average Brent crude oil price declined by 14.5% compared to 2024 and that reduced Exploration & Production operating profit by an estimated amount of €1.8 billion and the cash flow by an estimated €1.6 billion. Considering the massive price volatility of the commodity and the fact that Eni does not hedge its future expected cash flows from the sale of its proved reserves, except for specific market situations or transactions, management is fully committed to retaining efficient operations to preserve the profitability of its oil&gas business and a healthy balance sheet across the cycle. In case we fail to achieve low breakeven prices at our portfolio of projects, our results of operations and cash flow could be overexposed to the commodity risk. Finally, movements in hydrocarbon prices significantly affect the reportable amount of production and proved reserves under our production sharing agreements (“PSAs”), which represented 60% of our proved reserves as of end of 2025. The entitlement mechanism of PSAs foresees the Company is entitled to a portion of a field’s reserves, the sale of which is intended to cover expenditures incurred by the Company to develop and operate the field. The higher the reference prices for Brent crude oil used to estimate Eni’s proved reserves, the lower the number of barrels necessary to recover the same amount of expenditure, and vice versa. In 2025, our reported production and reserves were increased by an estimated amount of respectively around 4 KBOE/d and by 12 mmBOE due to a decreased Brent reference price. Considering the current portfolio of oil&gas assets, the Company estimates its production to vary by up to 1 KBOE/d for each one-dollar change in the price of the Brent crude oil. 2 Table of Contents Eni’s Refining and Chemical businesses are in cyclical economic sectors. Their results are impacted by trends in the supply and demand of oil products and commodity plastics, which are influenced by macro-economic variables and by competitive dynamics which ultimately determine the level of product prices. Margins for refined and chemical products depend upon the speed at which products’ prices adjust to reflect movements in oil prices. All these risks may adversely and materially impact the Group’s results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, business prospects, financial condition, and shareholders returns, including dividends, the amount of funds available for stock repurchases and the price of Eni’s share. There are increasing systemic risks to the macroeconomic outlook, which could trigger a global slowdown negatively affecting demand for hydrocarbons, and hence our results of operations. There are several risk factors to the macroeconomic outlook in the short term. Escalating tensions in the Middle East have culminated in acts of war involving the U.S., Israel and Iran at the end of February/early March 2026 with risks of possible enlargement of the conflict and of ensuing possible disruptions in the flow of crude oil and LNG from the Gulf which could increase volatility in the price of these commodities and trigger a slowdown in the global economy or in the worst of cases a recession with huge implications for global demand of crude oil and other energy commodities. Russia’s military aggression of Ukraine has been dragging on since February 2022, amidst several failed attempts to reach a peaceful solution and recent military threats against neighboring European countries by Russia. This conflict has negatively impacted the global economy and triggered an energy crisis in Europe as well as a downturn in industrial activity, given the disruption in political and trading relati
[...TRUNCATED...]