TICKER=EIX|YEAR=2024|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2024/EIX_2024-02-22.htm.gz
RISK FACTORS RISKS RELATING TO EDISON INTERNATIONAL Edison International's liquidity and ability to pay dividends depends on its ability to borrow funds, access to bank and capital markets, monetization of tax benefits held by Edison International, and SCE's ability to pay dividends and tax allocation payments to Edison International. Edison International is a holding company and, as such, it has no material operations of its own. Edison International's ability to meet its financial obligations, make investments, and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on the earnings and cash flows of SCE and SCE's ability to make upstream distributions. If SCE does not make upstream distributions to Edison International and Edison International is unable to access the bank and capital markets on reasonable terms, Edison International may be unable to continue to pay dividends to its shareholders or meet its financial obligations. Prior to paying dividends to Edison International, SCE has financial and regulatory obligations that must be satisfied, including, among others, debt service and preference stock dividends. Further, SCE and Edison International cannot pay dividends if California law requirements for the declaration of dividends are not met. For information on CPUC and California law requirements related to the declaration of dividends, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—SCE Dividends." SCE may also owe tax-allocation payments to Edison International under applicable tax-allocation agreements. Edison International's ability to obtain financing, as well as its ability to refinance debt and make scheduled payments of principal and interest, are dependent on numerous factors, including its levels of indebtedness, maintenance of acceptable credit ratings, financial performance, liquidity and cash flow, and other market conditions. In addition, the factors affecting SCE's business will impact Edison International's ability to obtain financing. Edison International's inability to borrow funds from time to time could have a material effect on Edison International's liquidity and operations. See "Risks Relating to Southern California Edison Company" below for further discussion. RISKS RELATING TO SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA EDISON COMPANY Regulatory and Legislative Risks SCE's financial results depend upon its ability to recover its costs and to earn a reasonable rate of return on capital investments in a timely manner from its customers through regulated rates. SCE's ongoing financial results depend on its ability to recover its costs from its customers, including the costs of electricity purchased for its customers, through the rates it charges its customers as approved by the CPUC and FERC. SCE's financial results also depend on its ability to earn a reasonable return on capital, including long-term debt and equity. SCE's ability to recover its costs and earn a reasonable rate of return can be affected by many factors, including the time lag between when costs are incurred and when those costs are recovered in customers' rates and differences between the forecast or authorized costs embedded in rates (which are set on a prospective basis) and the amount of actual costs incurred. The CPUC or the FERC may not allow SCE to recover costs on the basis that such costs were not reasonably or prudently incurred or for other reasons. Further, SCE may incur expenses before the relevant regulatory agency approves the recovery of such costs. For example, SCE has incurred, and expects to further incur, wildfire mitigation expenses before it is clear whether such costs will be recoverable from customers. Also, the CPUC may deny recovery of costs incurred by SCE, including uninsured wildfire-related costs, if the CPUC determines that SCE was not prudent. For further information on recovery of uninsured wildfire-related costs, including costs related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, see "Business—Southern California Wildfires—Recovery of Wildfire-Related Costs" and 40 Table of Contents "Management Overview—Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides" in the MD&A. In addition, while SCE supports California's environmental goals, it may be prevented from fully executing on its strategy to support such goals by regulatory delay or lack of approval of cost-recovery for the costs of such strategic actions and electrification programs from the relevant regulatory agencies, including as a result of customer affordability concerns. For example, the CPUC has issued a decision denying SCE’s Building Electrification Program Application, citing, among other things, a desire to avoid increasing rates. SCE's CPUC authorized return on investment is established by multiplying an authorized rate of return, determined by the CPUC in standalone cost of capital proceedings, by SCE's authorized CPUC rate base. SCE's CPUC-authorized cost of capital is subject to potential adjustment should interest rates move substantially in years between cost of capital proceedings. SCE's authorized return on its transmission assets is established by multiplying an authorized rate of return, determined by the FERC, by SCE's transmission rate base. For further information see "Business—SCE—Overview of Ratemaking Process." SCE's capital investment plan, increasing procurement of renewable power and energy storage, inflation, commodity price volatility, increasing self-generation, load departures to CCAs or Electric Service Providers, and increasing environmental regulations, among other things, collectively place continuing upward pressure on customer rates. As customer rates continue to increase, the CPUC may face greater pressure to approve lesser amounts in SCE’s ratemaking or cost recovery proceedings. To relieve some of this upward rate pressure, the CPUC may authorize lower revenues, or increase the period over which SCE is allowed to recover amounts, or disallow the recovery of SCE’s cost which could impact SCE’s ability to recover its operating costs timely or at all. For example, in Track 3 of the 2021 GRC, while the CPUC authorized SCE to recover costs through electric rates over a 36-month period, SCE may not recover all of its interest expense incurred as a result of financing such costs because the CPUC has only authorized interest accruals on the balances at a short-term rate of interest. If SCE is unable to obtain a sufficient rate increase or modify its rate design to recover its costs and an adequate return on capital in rates in a timely manner, its financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected. SCE is subject to extensive regulation and the risk of adverse regulatory and legislative decisions, delays in regulatory or legislative decisions, and changes in applicable regulations or legislation. SCE operates in a highly regulated environment. SCE's business is subject to extensive federal, state and local energy, environmental and other laws and regulations. Among other things, the CPUC regulates SCE's retail rates and capital structure, and the FERC regulates SCE's wholesale rates and capital structure. The NRC regulates the decommissioning of San Onofre in addition to the local and state agencies that require permits. The construction, planning, siting and operation of SCE's power plants, energy storage projects, and transmission lines in California are also subject to regulation by the CPUC and other local, state and federal agencies. SCE must periodically apply for licenses and permits from these various regulatory authorities, including environmental regulatory authorities, and must abide by their respective rules, regulations and orders. Should SCE be unsuccessful in obtaining necessary licenses or permits or should these regulatory authorities initiate any investigations or enforcement actions or impose fines, penalties or disallowances on SCE, SCE may be prevented from executing its strategy and its business could be materially affected. The process of obtaining licenses and permits from regulatory authorities may be delayed or defeated by opponents and such delay or defeat could have a material effect on SCE's business. The Wildfire Insurance Fund and other provisions of AB 1054 not effectively mitigating the significant risk faced by California investor-owned utilities related to liability for damages arising from catastrophic wildfires where utility facilities are a substantial cause, could have a detrimental effect on SCE's business and financial condition. The effectiveness of AB 1054 to mitigate the wildfire-related risk faced by SCE is conditioned in part on the performance of OEIS and various entities formed under AB 1054 and related legislation to, among other things, administer the Wildfire Insurance Fund, approve WMPs, issue safety certifications, oversee and enforce compliance with wildfire safety 41 Table of Contents standards, and develop metrics to reduce risk and measure compliance with risk reduction. In addition, CPUC approval is required to recover the costs SCE is incurring to strengthen its wildfire mitigation and prevention efforts described in SCE's WMPs. See "Business—Southern California Wildfires" and "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—Regulatory Proceedings—Wildfire Related Regulatory Proceedings" in the MD&A. In addition, existing regulations may be revised or re-interpreted and new laws and regulations may be adopted or become applicable to SCE, or its facilities or operations, in a manner that may have a detrimental effect on SCE's business or result in significant additional costs. In addition, regulations adopted via the public initiative or legislative process may apply to SCE, or its facilities or operations, in a manner that may have a detrimental effect on SCE's business or result in significant additional costs. SCE's energy procurement activities are subject to regulatory and market risks that could materially affect its financial condition and liquidity. SCE obtains energy, capacity, environmental credits and ancillary services needed to serve its customers from its own generating plants and through contracts with energy producers and sellers. California law and CPUC decisions allow SCE to recover, through the rates it is allowed to charge its customers, reasonable procurement costs incurred in compliance with an approved procurement plan. Nonetheless, SCE's cash flows remain subject to volatility primarily resulting from changes in commodity prices, including as a result of gas supply constraints. Additionally, significant and prolonged gas use restrictions may adversely impact the reliability of the electric grid if critical generation resources are limited in their operations. For further information, see "Business—SCE—Purchased Power and Fuel Supply." SCE is also subject to the risks of unfavorable or untimely CPUC decisions about the compliance with SCE's procurement plan and the reasonableness of certain procurement-related costs. SCE may not be able to hedge its risk for commodities on economic terms or fully recover the costs of hedges through the rates it is allowed to charge its customers, which could materially affect SCE's liquidity and results of operations, see "Market Risk Exposures" in the MD&A. Operating Risks Damage claims against SCE for wildfire-related losses may materially affect SCE's financial condition and results of operations. Prolonged drought conditions and shifting weather patterns in California resulting from climate change as well as, among other things, buildup of dry vegetation in areas severely impacted by years of historic drought and lack of adequate clearing of hazardous fuels by responsible parties have increased the duration of the wildfire season and the risk of severe wildfire events. Severe wildfires and increased urban development in high fire risk areas in California have given rise to large damage claims against California utilities for fire-related losses alleged to be the result of utility practices and/or the failure of electric and other utility equipment. Catastrophic wildfires can occur in SCE's service territory even if SCE effectively implements its WMPs. California courts have previously found utilities to be strictly liable for property damage, regardless of fault, by applying the theory of inverse condemnation when a utility's facilities were determined to be a substantial cause of a wildfire that caused the property damage. The rationale generally stated by these courts for applying this theory to investor-owned utilities is that property losses resulting from a public improvement, such as the distribution of electricity, can be spread across the larger community that benefited from such improvement. However, in November 2017, the CPUC issued a decision denying an investor-owned utility's request to include in its rates uninsured wildfire-related costs arising from several 2007 fires, finding that the investor-owned utility did not prudently manage and operate its facilities prior to or at the outset of the 2007 wildfires. An inability to recover uninsured wildfire-related costs could materially affect SCE's business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, if SCE is unable 42 Table of Contents to, or believes that it may be unable to, recover damages related to catastrophic wildfires through insurance, the Wildfire Insurance Fund (which is only available for fires ignited after July 12, 2019) or electric rates, or access the bank and capital markets on reasonable terms, SCE may not have sufficient cash or equity to pay dividends or may be restricted from declaring such dividends because it does not meet CPUC or California law requirements related to the declaration of dividends. For information on the California law requirements on the declaration of dividends, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—SCE Dividends." Also see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides." Edison International's and SCE's costs of accessing capital markets has increased due to the risks associated with wildfires in Southern California. Edison International's and SCE's access to the bank and capital markets could also be constrained and/or the costs of accessing those markets could increase further as a result of wildfire risk, including if Edison International's and/or SCE's credit ratings are downgraded or placed on negative watch due to concerns about Edison International and/or SCE's financial health as a result of wildfires. SCE's insurance coverage for wildfires may not be sufficient. SCE may not be able to recover uninsured losses (including amounts paid for self-insured retention and co-insurance) in electric rates. Additionally, SCE’s contractors may experience coverage reductions and/or increased wildfire insurance costs in future years. No assurance can be given that losses will not exceed the limits of SCE's or its contractors' insurance coverage. Losses which are not fully insured or cannot be recovered from contractors, through the Wildfire Insurance Fund or electric rates could materially affect Edison International's and SCE's financial condition and results of operations. For more information on wildfire insurance risk, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides." SCE may not effectively implement its wildfire mitigation plans. SCE will face a higher likelihood of catastrophic wildfires in its service territory if it cannot effectively implement its WMPs. For example, SCE may not be able to effectively implement its WMPs if it experiences unanticipated difficulties relative to sourcing, engaging, and retaining effectively trained contract workers or procuring materials it needs to fulfill its mitigation obligations under the WMPs. In addition, if SCE does not have an approved WMP, SCE will not be issued a safety certification from the CPUC and will consequently not benefit from the presumption of prudency or the AB 1054 Liability Cap. The CPUC may assess penalties on SCE if it finds that SCE has failed to substantially comply with its WMP. In addition, SCE may be subject to mandated changes to, or restrictions on, its operational wildfire mitigation practices or be subject to regulatory fines and penalties or claims for damages and reputational harm if SCE does not execute its wildfire mitigation practices in compliance with applicable rules and regulations. SCE's wildfire mitigation practices include PSPS and using fast-curve settings. In addition, SCE has been and may be further subject to regulatory fines and penalties or claims for damages and reputational harm if it is determined that SCE has placed excessive or unreasonable reliance on PSPS or has failed to maintain compliance with notification and post event reporting requirements related to PSPS. SCE establishes the criteria under which it implements PSPS in its territory. To the extent SCE's criteria for implementing PSPS are not sufficient to mitigate the risk of wildfires during high wind events, SCE does not fully implement PSPS when criteria are met due to other overriding conditions or SCE's regulators or others mandate changes to, or restrictions on, its criteria or other operational PSPS practices, SCE will face a higher likelihood of catastrophic wildfires in its territory during high wind events. Similarly, if SCE is prohibited by the CPUC from implementing its desired fast-curve settings, SCE will face a higher likelihood of catastrophic wildfires in its territory. 43 Table of Contents For more information on AB 1054, see "Business—Southern California Wildfires—Recovery of Wildfire-Related Costs—2019 Wildfire Legislation." SCE will not benefit from all of the features of AB 1054 if the Wildfire Insurance Fund is exhausted. Catastrophic wildfires could rapidly exhaust the Wildfire Insurance Fund and SCE will not be reimbursed by the Wildfire Insurance Fund or benefit from the AB 1054 Liability Cap if the fund has been exhausted as a result of damage claims previously incurred by SCE or the other participating utilities. For more information on AB 1054, see "Business—Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides—Recovery of Wildfire-Related Costs—2019 Wildfire Legislation." Climate change exacerbated weather-related incidents and other natural disasters could materially affect SCE's financial condition and results of operations. Weather-related incidents, including storms and events caused, or exacerbated, by climate change, such as wildfires, flooding and debris flows, and other natural disasters such as earthquakes can disrupt the generation and transmission of electricity, and can seriously damage the infrastructure necessary to deliver power to SCE's customers. The impacts of climate change continue to evolve and remain dynamic and unpredictable. Climate change has caused, and exacerbated, extreme weather events and wildfires in southern California, and wildfires could cause, among other things, public safety issues, property damage and operational issues. In addition, the risk of flooding and debris flows occurring as a result of rain may be heightened. For example, the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events resulted in, among other things, loss of life, property damage and loss of service. For more information on the impact of the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events and Post-2018 Wildfires on SCE and Edison International, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides." Extreme heat events have and can continue to lead to prolonged widespread outages due to, among other things, state-wide capacity supply shortages or equipment failure. Extreme weather events can also lead to use of PSPS. Weather-related events, such as debris flows, flooding and melting of a significantly higher than normal snowpack, and earthquakes can cause over-topping or failure at an SCE dam resulting in a rapid release of water that could cause, among other things, public safety issues, property damage and operational issues. Weather-related incidents and other natural disasters can lead to lost revenue and increased expense, including higher maintenance and repair costs, which SCE may not be able to recover from its customers. These incidents can also result in regulatory penalties and disallowances, particularly if SCE encounters difficulties in restoring power to its customers on a timely basis or if fire-related losses are found to be the result of utility practices and/or the failure of electric and other utility equipment. In addition, these occurrences could lead to significant claims for damages, including for loss of life and property damage. These occurrences could materially affect SCE's business, financial condition and results of operations, and the inability to restore power to SCE's customers could also materially damage the business reputation of SCE and Edison International. For additional information related to climate related risks, see “Business—Environmental Considerations—Environmental Risks.” The generation, transmission and distribution of electricity are dangerous and involve inherent risks of damage to private property and injury to SCE's workforce and the general public. Electricity poses hazards for SCE's workforce and the general public should they come in contact with electrical current or equipment, including through energized downed power lines or if equipment malfunctions. In addition, the risks 44 Table of Contents associated with the operation of transmission and distribution assets and power generation and storage facilities include public and workforce safety issues and the risk of utility assets causing or contributing to wildfires. Injuries and property damage caused by such events can subject SCE to liability that, despite the existence of insurance coverage, can be significant. In addition, SCE may be held responsible for the actions of its contractors and from time to time, SCE is named as a party in legal proceedings involving claims related to its contractors and their employees. No assurance can be given that future losses will not exceed the limits of SCE's or its contractors' insurance coverage. Litigation and other legal processes are subject to inherent uncertainties, including, costs of litigation, unpredictable court or jury decisions, and the differing laws and sentiments regarding damage awards in regions where SCE operates. The CPUC has increased its focus on public safety with an emphasis on heightened compliance with construction and operating standards and the potential for penalties being imposed on utilities. Additionally, the CPUC has delegated to its staff the authority to issue citations to electric utilities, which can impose fines of up to $100,000 per violation per day (capped at a maximum of $8 million), pursuant to the CPUC's jurisdiction for violations of safety rules found in statutes, regulations, and the CPUC's General Orders. The CPUC also can issue fines greater than $8 million outside of the citation program. Such penalties and liabilities could be significant and materially affect SCE's liquidity and results of operations. SCE's financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected if it is unable to successfully manage the risks inherent in constructing, operating, and maintaining its facilities and workforce. SCE's infrastructure is aging and could pose a risk to system reliability. SCE is also constructing utility owned storage to mitigate possible state-wide capacity shortages in 2024 and later years, and any delays in construction may result in those facilities being unavailable to reduce the impact of any capacity shortages in summer 2024. In addition, as described above, wildfires in SCE's service territory can cause significant public safety issues, property damage and operational issues. In order to mitigate these risks and execute on its strategy, SCE is engaged in a significant and ongoing infrastructure investment program. This investment program, which includes transmission projects, has inherent operational risks and elevates the need for effective execution in SCE's activities. SCE's financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected if it is unable to successfully manage these risks as well as the risks inherent in constructing, operating, and maintaining its facilities, the operation of which can be hazardous and important for system reliability. SCE's inherent operating risks include such matters as the risks of human performance, availability of skilled workforce and workforce capabilities, contractor management, data and records accuracy, public opposition to infrastructure projects, delays, environmental remediation and mitigation costs, difficulty in estimating costs or in recovering costs that are above original estimates, system limitations and degradation, maintaining physical security of workforce and assets, maintaining cybersecurity of data and assets, and delays and interruptions in necessary supplies, including key components necessary for the timely construction of utility owned storage. For example, SCE's financial condition may be materially affected as a result of safety incidents, delays, permitting violations and violations of regulatory requirements, among other things, caused by SCE's failure to appropriately manage its contractor workforce or from contractual violations by SCE's contractors and the inability for SCE to recover through contractual indemnities or insurance held by the contractor. SCE's financial condition may also be materially affected as a result of data or records inaccuracies, for example, inaccurate records could lead to missing or delayed compliance with SCE's policies and regulatory requirements, and could contribute to safety incidents. SCE's financial condition and results of operations could also be materially affected if SCE is unable to attract, train and retain a qualified workforce, including due to the constrained labor market in California and nationally and SCE's relations with its unionized workforce. For example, the increased electrification efforts in California and nationally have led to greater competition for certain skilled workers. 45 Table of Contents There are inherent risks associated with owning and decommissioning nuclear power generation facilities and obtaining cost reimbursement, including, among other things, insufficiency of nuclear decommissioning trust funds, costs exceeding current estimates, execution risks, potential harmful effects on the environment and human health and the hazards of storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials. Existing insurance and ratemaking arrangements may not protect SCE fully against losses from a nuclear incident. SCE funds decommissioning costs with assets that are currently held in nuclear decommissioning trusts. Based upon the financial performance of the nuclear decommissioning trust fund investments, as well as the resolution of a number of other uncertainties, assumptions and estimates, additional contributions to the nuclear decommissioning trust's funds may be required. If additional contributions to the nuclear decommissioning trust funds become necessary, recovery of any such additional funds through electric rates is subject to the CPUC's review and approval. The costs of decommissioning San Onofre are subject to reasonableness reviews by the CPUC. These costs may not be recoverable through regulatory processes or otherwise unless SCE can establish that the costs were reasonably incurred. In addition, SCE faces inherent execution risks including such matters as the risks of human performance, workforce capabilities, public opposition, permitting delays, and governmental approvals. Decommissioning costs ultimately incurred could exceed the current estimates and cost increases resulting from contractual disputes, delays in performance by the contractor, elevated levels of inflation, or permitting delays, among other things, could cause SCE to materially overrun current decommissioning cost estimates and could materially impact the sufficiency of trust funds. See "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—Decommissioning of San Onofre" in the MD&A. Even though San Onofre is being decommissioned, the presence of spent nuclear fuel still poses a potential risk of a nuclear incident. Federal law limits public liability claims from a nuclear incident to the amount of available financial protection, which is currently approximately $16.2 billion for Palo Verde and $560 million for San Onofre. SCE and other owners of San Onofre and Palo Verde have purchased the maximum private primary insurance available of $450 million per site. In the case of San Onofre, the balance is covered by a U.S. Government indemnity. In the case of Palo Verde, the balance is covered by a loss sharing program among nuclear reactor licensees. There is no assurance that the CPUC would allow SCE to recover the required contribution made pursuant to this loss sharing program in the case of one or more nuclear incidents with claims that exceeded $450 million at a nuclear reactor which is participating in the program. If this public liability limit of $16.2 billion is insufficient, federal law contemplates that additional funds may be appropriated by Congress. There can be no assurance of SCE's ability to recover uninsured costs in the event the additional federal appropriations are insufficient. For more information on nuclear insurance risk, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Nuclear Insurance." 46 Table of Contents SCE's distribution of water and propane gas on Catalina Island involves inherent risks of damage to private property and the environment and injury to employees and the general public. SCE owns and operates the water distribution system that serves Catalina Island, California and a propane gas distribution system that serves the City of Avalon on Catalina Island, California. Production, storage, treatment and distribution of water for human use and the transportation, storage, distribution and use of gas can be hazardous, and can cause damage to private property and the environment and injury to employees and the general public if equipment fails or does not perform as anticipated. For example, the risks of operating a water distribution system include the potential for burst pipes and water contamination and the risks of operating gas distribution system include the potential for gas leaks, fire or explosion. The risks related to SCE's operation of its water and gas distribution systems may be exacerbated due to aging infrastructure. SCE has, in the past, requested that the CPUC allow SCE to include certain water system costs in electric rates and may make similar requests for the water and gas systems in the future. If such requests are denied, significant costs may not be recoverable from customers. In addition, SCE may have to pay fines, penalties and remediation costs if it does not comply with laws and regulations in the operation of the water and gas distribution systems. An inability to recover costs associated with any such damages or injuries or any fines, penalties or remediation costs, from insurance or through electric rates, could materially affect SCE's business, financial condition and results of operations. Financing Risks As a capital-intensive company, SCE relies on access to the capital markets. If SCE were unable to access the capital markets or the cost of financing were to substantially increase, its liquidity and operations could be materially affected. SCE regularly accesses the capital markets to finance its activities and is expected to do so by its regulators as part of its obligation to serve as a regulated utility. SCE needs substantial capital for its ongoing infrastructure investment program and for financing wildfire related losses. SCE's ability to obtain financing, as well as its ability to refinance debt and make scheduled payments of principal and interest, are dependent on numerous factors, including SCE's levels of indebtedness, maintenance of acceptable credit ratings, financial performance, liquidity and cash flow, increases in interest rates and credit spreads due to inflationary pressures, and other market conditions. In addition, the actions of other California investor-owned utilities and legal, regulatory and legislative decisions impacting investor-owned utilities can affect market conditions and therefore, SCE's ability to obtain financing. SCE's inability to obtain additional capital from time to time could have a material effect on SCE's liquidity and operations. Competitive and Market Risks If SCE is unable to operate efficiently and to effectively and timely respond to the changes that the electricity industry is undergoing, as a result of increased load requirements, competition, technological advances, and changes to the regulatory environment, SCE's business model, financial condition and results of operations could be materially impacted. SCE’s ability to efficiently operate and implement process changes has a direct impact on its ability to execute its strategy, its customer rates and affordability of electricity. Even if SCE’s costs are recoverable, the necessary costs of operations and investments supporting safety, reliability, resilience and being ready to meet California’s clean energy goals will negatively impact the affordability of SCE’s customer rates, may cause reputational harm and cause increased load departures. Customers and third parties are increasingly deploying DERs, such as solar generation, energy storage, energy efficiency and demand response technologies. California's environmental policy objectives are accelerating the pace and scope of industry change. This change will require modernization of the electric distribution grid to, among other things, 47 Table of Contents accommodate two-way flows of electricity and increase the grid's capacity to interconnect DERs. In addition, enabling California's clean energy economy goals will require sustained investments in grid modernization, renewable integration projects, energy efficiency programs, energy storage options and electric vehicle infrastructure. If SCE is unable to operate efficiently and adapt to these changes, its business model, its ability to execute on its strategy, and ultimately its financial condition and results of operations could be materially impacted. Customer-owned generation and load departures to CCAs or Electric Service Providers each reduce the amount of electricity that customers purchase from utilities and have the effect of increasing utility rates unless customer rates are designed to allocate the costs of the distribution grid across all customers that benefit from its use. For example, some customers in California who generate their own power are not currently required to pay all transmission and distribution charges and non-bypassable charges, subject to limitations, which results in increased costs for those customers who do not own their generation. If regulations aren't changed such that customers pay their share of transmission and distribution costs and non-bypassable charges, for example through a fixed charge, and the demand for electricity reduces so significantly that SCE is no longer effectively able to recover such costs from its customers, SCE's business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially impacted. In addition, the FERC has opened transmission development to competition from independent developers, allowing such developers to compete with incumbent utilities for the construction and operation of transmission facilities. For more information. See "Business—SCE—Competition." RISKS RELATING TO EDISON INTERNATIONAL AND SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA EDISON COMPANY Cybersecurity and Physical Security Risks Successful attacks on SCE information and operational technology systems and infrastructure could have a material impact on SCE's operations or financial condition Edison International and SCE systems are targets for physical and cyber attacks. Regulators such as NERC and U.S. Government agencies, including the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security, and Energy, have increasingly stressed that threat sources continue to seek to identify and exploit vulnerabilities in the U.S. national electric grid and other critical energy infrastructures, and that such attacks and disruptions, both physical and cyber, are highly sophisticated and dynamic. Several U.S. Government agencies have highlighted the increasing risks related to physical and cybersecurity attacks, including ransomware attacks, related to the electric sector, including its supply chain, and that the risks may escalate during periods of heightened geopolitical tensions. SCE requires the uninterrupted use of sophisticated information and operational technology systems and infrastructure to monitor and operate the electric grid. In the regular course of SCE’s business, it also handles a range of sensitive infrastructure, security, employee, customer, and business systems information. If SCE's information technology and operational technology systems' security were to be compromised by physical or electronic means or a critical system or technology failure were to occur without timely recovery, including failure of new technology to be implemented as designed, SCE could be unable to fulfill critical business functions and/or sensitive information could be misappropriated or compromised. Such events could result in violations of privacy and other laws, material financial loss to SCE and/or to its customers, loss of confidence in SCE's security risk management, customer dissatisfaction, and significant litigation and/or regulatory exposure, all of which could materially affect Edison International’s and SCE's financial condition, operations, and the business reputation of Edison International and SCE. SCE's security program cannot prevent all attacks SCE's systems have experienced, and will continue to face, cyber and physical security events involving vandalism, malicious code, unauthorized access attempts, and other illicit activities. No security program can completely shield its 48 Table of Contents systems, infrastructure, and data from attacks, intrusions, or other catastrophic events that could result in their failure or reduced functionality. There is no guarantee that SCE's security program, including prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of risks, will prevent all future cyber and physical security incidents that could materially impact its operations or financial condition. SCE is not able to anticipate and prevent all physical and cyber attacks or information security breaches, and its investments in security resources, talent, and business practices may not be effective against all threat actors, particularly nation-state actors. Voluntary cybersecurity guidelines and practices cannot be applied to all businesses equally due to system capability, complexity, and resources for implementation. SCE's security tools and controls, including those supporting configuration management, identity and access management, network segmentation, and boundary defenses, may not fully protect against unauthorized access from internal and external threats. SCE's current security controls and defenses may also not protect against insider threats, including deliberate and unintentional actions (e.g., human error) and other emerging cybersecurity risks created by artificial intelligence, quantum computing, cyber skills shortages, and regulatory constraints. SCE's security program is prioritized based on known risks, available resources, and regulatory requirements, and therefore all SCE assets are not equally protected. For example, not all of SCE's information technology assets are inventoried, which could result in unmitigated vulnerabilities or slow the detection, investigation, and recovery of an incident. Known vulnerabilities in SCE's information technology and operational technology environments may not be remediated before an adversary could discover or exploit them. Attackers can also exploit new, unknown vulnerabilities (e.g., zero day) and vulnerabilities where a patch or other remediation measure is not yet available. SCE's transition to a more network-connected grid and increased deployment of new technologies increases the number of systems adversaries can target SCE's operations require the continuous availability and deployment of critical information and operational technology systems, sensitive customer and employee data and infrastructure information, all of which are targets for malicious actors. New cyber and physical threats arise as SCE moves to an increasingly digital electric grid. For example, SCE's grid modernization efforts and the transition to a more connected grid, including the integration of new technologies and increased networking of operational technology assets such as substations, increases the threat surface and potential vulnerabilities that an adversary can target. As new systems are developed or procured by SCE, software development practices may not comprehensively prevent the introduction of new software vulnerabilities. Additionally, certain existing or legacy information technology, operational technology, and communications infrastructure use less secure protocols or configurations. Vendors and other third parties may be used to target and attack SCE SCE interacts with a wide array of third parties and depends on vendors to provide it with products and services. Malicious actors may attack vendors to disrupt the services they provide to SCE, or to use those vendors as a conduit to attack SCE. SCE system data and architecture are also disclosed, either voluntarily or by mandate, to third parties and the public by regulators, employees, contractors, and vendors. This system data may be used by malicious actors to understand SCE’s systems to prepare for a cyber or physical attack. The products and services provided by SCE's vendors may contain vulnerabilities or otherwise not adhere to SCE's enterprise cybersecurity standards (e.g., lack of encryption). Additionally, SCE's operational technology vendors have increasingly been targeted by threat actors. A compromise of equipment and/or exfiltration of SCE data, whether by physical or by electronic means, could result in loss or changes to confidential or sensitive information and interruption of business processes. For example, compromises to widely-used products and services such as MOVEit affected the supply chains of many industries, including companies in SCE’s supply chain. While SCE vendors have experienced cybersecurity incidents, such incidents have not, to SCE's knowledge, resulted in a material impact to SCE to date. 49 Table of Contents Global and Regional Risks Edison International's and SCE's financial condition and results of operations could be materially impacted by catastrophic, macroeconomic and geopolitical events that cause significant disruption to workforces, supply chains, economies, or societies on a regional, statewide, national or global basis. Edison International and SCE could be materially and adversely impacted by catastrophic, macroeconomic and geopolitical events, such as the effects of increased inflationary pressures and interest rates, potential economic downturns or recessions, geopolitical pressures, and pandemics and regional health emergencies. For example, the global spread of COVID-19, which was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020, created significant uncertainty, volatility and disruption globally that resulted in, among other things, disruption to supply chains, economies, and workforce and impacted the operations of Edison International and SCE. Additionally, the geopolitical developments involving the Russia-Ukraine conflict, China and the Middle East, could cause delays and disruptions in the supply chain and the availability and timely delivery of services, materials and components used in SCE’s operations. Many of the risks and uncertainties identified in this Form 10-K have, and will be, exacerbated by the impacts of a catastrophic event and the actions taken by governmental entities, businesses, individuals and others in response to such an event. In addition, impacts of international conflict, recession, pandemic or similar events on SCE'
[...TRUNCATED...]