TICKER=ELAN|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/ELAN_2026-02-24.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to various risks, including but not limited to the risks described below. If any of such risks actually materializes, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Risks Related to the Animal Health Industry The animal health industry is highly competitive. The animal health industry is highly competitive. Our competitors include standalone animal health businesses, the animal health businesses of large pharmaceutical companies, specialty animal health businesses, producers of nutritional health products and companies that mainly produce generic products. Several start-up companies also compete in the animal health industry. We believe many of our competitors are conducting R&D activities in areas served by our products and in areas in which we are developing products. These competitors may have access to greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources. As a result, they may be able to devote more resources to developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling their products, initiating or withstanding substantial price competition or more readily taking advantage of acquisitions or other opportunities. Further, consolidation in the animal health industry could result in existing competitors realizing additional efficiencies or improving portfolio bundling opportunities, thereby potentially increasing their market share and pricing power, which could lead to a decrease in our revenue and profitability. For example, many of our competitors have relationships with key distributors and, because of their size, an ability to offer attractive pricing incentives, which may negatively impact or hinder our relationships with these distributors. Additionally, new entrants to the animal health industry could substantially reduce our market share, render our products obsolete or disrupt our business model. Competitive pressures could also arise from, among other things, differences in safety and efficacy product profiles, limited demand growth or a significant number of additional competitive products being introduced into a particular market, price reductions by competitors, generic competition, the ability of competitors to capitalize on their economies of scale, the ability of competitors to produce or otherwise procure animal health products at lower costs than we can and the ability of competitors to access more or newer technology than we can. To the extent any of our competitors are more successful with respect to any key competitive factor, or we are forced to reduce, or are unable to raise, the price of any of our products in order to remain competitive, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our R&D, acquisition and licensing efforts may fail to generate commercially successful new products or to expand the use of our existing products. Our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our ability to continue to identify and develop a pipeline of new products, including new products we develop internally, with partners or obtain through licenses or acquisitions. We commit substantial effort, funds and other resources to R&D activities, primarily through our own dedicated resources but also through collaborations with third parties. We have also acquired or partnered with a number of smaller animal health businesses, and we intend to continue to do so in the future. There are significant risks and uncertainties involved with the execution of these partnerships, including the inability to develop, license or otherwise acquire products or product candidates. Clinical trials and procedures are inherently uncertain, and there can be no assurance that these trials or procedures, whether performed by us or by contract research organizations (CROs) we hire, will be enrolled or completed in a timely or cost-effective manner or result in a commercially viable product or indication. Furthermore, unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data from current or future clinical trials or procedures conducted by us, our competitors or third parties, or perceptions regarding this clinical data, could adversely affect our ability to obtain necessary approvals. Failure to achieve positive clinical trial and/or testing results could have a material adverse effect on our prospects. The animal health industry is subject to regional and local trends and regulations and, as a result, products that are successful in some markets may not achieve similar success when introduced into other markets. Furthermore, the timing and cost of our R&D may increase, and our R&D may become less predictable as, among other things, regulations applicable to our industry may make it more time-consuming and/or costly to research, develop and register products. For example, in December 2025, the U.S. Congress enacted legislation referred to as the BIOSECURE Act which bans U.S. domiciled entities from working with Biotechnology Companies of Concern (BCCs), such as certain Chinese-affiliated CROs. The BIOSECURE Act and/or similar legislation could prevent us from engaging capable CROs with ties to China and, if equivalent alternative CROs are not available, we could incur materially higher costs for conducting R&D activities. New products may appear promising in development but fail to reach the market within the expected or optimal timeframe, and we may be unable to predict with precision when, if or subject to what conditions any of our products now under development will be approved and/or launched, or if approved, whether limitations to a product or the specific circumstances for which a product is approved, will match our expectations. For example, in 2024, the FDA determined that our Zenrelia product label would be required to include a boxed warning on safety. While other 16 Table of Contents regulatory bodies outside the U.S. have not required similar warnings, and while the FDA has since concluded that certain of the warning language may be removed, we believe the inclusion of this warning slowed the initial product adoption curve in the U.S., although the long-term impact of such effect cannot be definitively known. In addition, product extensions or additional indications may not be approved. Developing and commercializing new products subjects us to inherent risks and uncertainties, including (i) delayed or denied regulatory approvals, (ii) delays or challenges with producing products in accordance with regulatory requirements, on a commercial scale and at a reasonable cost; (iii) failure to accurately predict the market for new products; and (iv) efficacy and safety concerns, any of which could lead to a slower or more limited commercial adoption of one of our products than initially estimated. Once necessary regulatory approvals are obtained, we cannot predict whether our products, once launched, will be commercially successful or will achieve revenue consistent with our expectations. The commercial success of any new product depends upon, among other things, its acceptance by veterinarians and end customers, and on our ability to successfully manufacture, market and distribute products in sufficient quantities to meet demand. If we are unable to generate and bring commercially successful new products to market, or expand the use of our existing products, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Disruptive innovation and advances in veterinary medical practices, animal health technologies and alternatives to animal-derived protein could negatively affect the markets for our products. The markets for our products are regularly impacted by the introduction and/or broad market acceptance of newly developed or alternative products that address the diseases and conditions for which we sell products. For example, the market for our pet health therapeutics has been particularly affected by innovation in new molecules and delivery formulations in recent years. Separately, there has been an increased focus in certain markets to seek replacements for animal-derived protein with alternative, plant-based or other natural or synthetic protein sources. Technological breakthroughs by others may render our products obsolete and reduce or eliminate the market for our products. Introduction or acceptance of competing animal health products and innovation or disruptive protein alternatives could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Generic products may be viewed as more cost-effective than our products. In certain markets we face increasing competition from generic alternatives to our products, and we depend on patents and related rights to enable our exclusive sale of certain products. Patents for individual products expire at different times based on a variety of factors, including the date of the patent filing (or sometimes the date of patent grant) and the legal term of patents in the jurisdictions where such patents are obtained. The extent of protection afforded by our patents varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and is limited by the scope of the claimed subject matter of our patents, the term of the patent and the availability and enforcement of legal remedies in the applicable jurisdiction. Some of our principal products, including certain products within our Advantage Family , Rumensin, Maxiban / Monteban , and beginning in 2025 in certain markets, Seresto , do not have patent protection. Other products are protected by patents that expire over the next several years. For further information, see Item 1. Business – Intellectual Property. As the patents for a product expire, competitors may begin to introduce generic or other alternatives, and as a result, we may face competition from lower-priced alternatives to many of our products. Further, generic competitors have sold, and could in the future attempt to market and/or sell, competing products before our patent rights expire. For example, in January 2026, a competitor began selling a generic product competitive to our Seresto collar in the U.S., more than a year before certain relevant patent rights expire. If animal health customers increase their use of new or existing generic products, we may be forced to lower our prices and/or provide discounts or rebates in order to compete. In such event, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Regulatory restrictions and bans on the use of antibiotics and productivity products in farm animals, as well as changing market demand, may continue to negatively affect demand for certain of our farm animal products. Our operational results have been, and may continue to be, affected by regulations and changing market demand. In certain markets, including the U.S., sales of certain of our farm animal products have been negatively affected by changes in consumer sentiment for proteins and dairy products produced without the use of antibiotics or other products intended to increase animal production. There are two classes of antibiotics used in animal health: shared-class, or medically important, antibiotics, which are used to treat, control and/or prevent infectious diseases caused by pathogens that occur in both humans and animals; and animal-only, or non-medically important, antibiotics, which are used to treat, control and/or prevent infectious diseases in animals, and in some instances, promote animal growth performance. Concerns that the use of antibiotics in farm animal production may contribute to increased antibiotic resistance of human pathogens have resulted in regulation and changing market demand. For example, in 2022 the EU began restricting the use of preventative antibiotics to farm animals through feed, which has led to increased market demand for alternative antibiotic products. Further, a similar ban was also recently implemented in Vietnam in January 2026. Similar bans and restrictions in other countries could result in a material adverse effect on our sales of antibiotic products. 17 Table of Contents Globally, during 2025, our revenue from shared-class antibiotics represented 9% of total revenue, while our revenue from animal-only antibiotics represented 15% of total revenue. In 2025, 89% of our revenue from animal-only antibiotics resulted from the sale of ionophores, which are a special class of animal-only antimicrobials. To date, because of their animal-only designation, mode of action and spectrum of activity, the use of ionophores has not been materially impacted by regulations or changing market demand in many international markets. However, the impact of changes in regulations and market preferences regarding the use of antibiotics and productivity products in farm animals could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If there is an increased public perception that consumption of food derived from animals that utilize our products poses a risk to human health, there may be a further decline in the production of those food products and, in turn, demand for our products. In addition, antibiotic resistance concerns could result in additional restrictions or bans, expanded regulations or public pressure to further reduce the use of medically important antibiotics in farm animals, increased demand for antibiotic-free protein or changes in the market acceptance or regulatory treatment of ionophores, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. An outbreak of infectious disease carried by farm animals could negatively affect the demand for, and sale and production of, our farm animal products. Sales of our farm animal products could be materially adversely affected by a general outbreak of infectious disease, or an outbreak of disease carried by farm animals, which could lead to the widespread death or precautionary destruction of farm animals as well as reduced consumption and demand for animal-derived protein. In addition, outbreaks of disease carried by farm animals may reduce regional or global sales of particular animal-derived food products or result in reduced exports of such products, either due to heightened export restrictions or import prohibitions, which may reduce demand for our farm animal products due to reduced herd or flock sizes. In the past, outbreaks of various diseases such as African Swine Fever, avian influenza, foot-and-mouth disease, bovine spongiform encephalopathy (also known as BSE or “mad cow” disease) and porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV) have negatively impacted sales of our animal health products, and the discovery of additional cases of any of these, or other diseases, including New World screwworm, may result in additional restrictions on animal-derived protein, reduced herd or flock sizes or reduced demand for animal-derived protein, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our R&D relies on evaluations of animals and may become subject to bans, additional restrictive regulations or increased attention from activism movements. As an animal health company dedicated to innovating and delivering products and services to prevent and treat diseases in animals, we are required to evaluate the effect of our existing and new products in animals in order to register such products. Animal testing in certain industries has been the subject of controversy and adverse publicity. Some organizations and individuals have attempted to ban animal testing or encourage the adoption of new regulations applicable to animal testing. To the extent the activities of such organizations and individuals are successful, our R&D, and by extension our business, financial condition and results of operations, could be materially adversely affected. In addition, negative publicity about us or our industry could impact our R&D efforts, and/or cause reputational harm to those in our industry, including us. Any reputational harm to the farm animal industry may also extend to companies in related industries, including us, potentially resulting in a decrease in the use of our products. Consolidation of our customers and distributors could negatively affect the pricing of our products. We primarily sell our pet health products to third-party distributors and retailers, as well as directly to veterinarians. We primarily sell our farm animal products to third-party distributors and directly to a diverse set of farm animal producers, including beef, dairy, pork and poultry operations. In recent years, there has been a trend toward the concentration of veterinarians in large clinics and hospitals, and we have also seen consolidation among farm animal producers, particularly swine and poultry producers, and among our distributors. Furthermore, we have seen the expansion of larger cross-border corporate customers and an increase in the consolidation of buying groups (cooperatives of veterinary practices that leverage volume to pursue discounts from manufacturers). If these trends toward consolidation continue, our customers could attempt to improve their profitability by leveraging their buying power to obtain favorable pricing. The resulting decrease in our prices could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For our pet health products, increased use of alternative distribution channels, or changes within existing distribution channels, could negatively impact our market share, margins and distribution of our products. In most markets, pet owners have historically purchased their animal health products directly from veterinarians. However, pet owners increasingly have the option to purchase animal health products from sources other than veterinarians, such as online retailers, “big-box” retail stores, specialty pet shops via telemedicine distributors or other distribution channels. This trend has been demonstrated by the significant shift away from the veterinarian distribution channel in the sale of flea and tick products and has been accelerated by the increased consumer 18 Table of Contents preferences toward e-commerce in recent years. Pet owners may continue to decrease their reliance on, and visits to, veterinarians as they rely more on internet-based animal health information and telemedicine. Because we market our pet health prescription products primarily through the veterinarian distribution channel, in the event of a significant decrease in visits to veterinarians by pet owners, our market share for such products could be reduced. Further, legislation has been proposed in certain U.S. states, and in the future may be proposed in the U.S. Congress, other U.S. states or abroad, that could impact the distribution channels for our pet health products. For example, such legislation may require veterinarians to provide pet owners with written prescriptions and disclosure that the pet owner may fill prescriptions through a third party, which may further reduce the number of pet owners who purchase their animal health products, or fill their prescriptions, directly from veterinarians. Many countries and states already have regulations requiring veterinarians to provide prescriptions to pet owners upon request. Legislation may also be advanced that would allow for greater access to pet health products via telemedicine channels, potentially impacting our mix of distribution. These changes could lead to the increased substitution of our pet health products with other animal health products, including generic products, if such other products are deemed to be lower-cost alternatives. Over time, these and other competitive conditions may further increase our use of online retailers, “big-box” retail stores, specialty pet shops, telemedicine or other distribution channels outside of the veterinary clinic to sell our pet health products. If we or our major retail customers are not successful in navigating the shifting consumer preferences to distribution channels such as e-commerce, our expected future revenues may be negatively impacted. We may also realize lower margins on sales through retail distribution channels than we do on sales through veterinarians. Any of these events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if one or more of our pet health distributors discontinues or modifies their relationship with us, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Strategic and Operational Risks Our results of operations are dependent upon the success of our top products. If any of our top products experience issues, such as disruptive innovations or the introduction of more effective competitive products, negative publicity, changes in veterinarian or customer preferences, loss of patent protection, material product liability litigation, new or unexpected side effects, manufacturing disruptions and/or regulatory proceedings, our revenue could be negatively impacted, perhaps significantly. Our top five products and/or product families, Advantage Family, Seresto , Credelio Family , Rumensin and Maxiban / Monteban represented approximately 38% of our total revenue in 2025, with our largest product family, Advantage Family , representing approximately 10% of total revenue. Any issues with these top products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to successfully complete favorable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses when we pursue acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures or other significant transactions. From time to time, we evaluate potential acquisitions, divestitures or other significant transactions to further our strategic objectives. The completion of such transactions is often subject to conditions that may be outside our control, including obtaining the requisite approval of the shareholders of the target company and/or government antitrust/competition approvals. Accordingly, we may not be able to complete announced and signed transactions and therefore may not realize the anticipated benefits therefrom. In the event of a material acquisition or divestiture, we may be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the portfolio and operations of an acquired company or carving out a divested business. Potential difficulties we could encounter in an integration or carve out process include: • the inability to realize the anticipated value from various assets of the acquired company; • the potential for stranded costs, loss of scale and/or inefficiencies in a post-divestiture cost structure; • the inability to combine the business of an acquired company with ours in a manner that permits us to achieve the cost savings or other synergies anticipated as a result of the transaction or to achieve such cost savings or other anticipated synergies in a timely manner, which could result in us not realizing some anticipated benefits of the transaction in the time frame anticipated, or at all; • the loss of key employees; • potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses, delays or unfavorable conditions in connection with the closing of the transaction and the subsequent integration or carve out; and • performance shortfalls by our legacy or the acquired company as a result of the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business activities. To the extent integration or carve-out activities are required for future acquisitions, divestitures or joint ventures, we could be required to deploy significant resources and attention to these efforts. If we are unable to successfully integrate or carve-out our systems to support critical business operations of acquired or divested businesses or to 19 Table of Contents produce information for business decision-making activities, we could experience a material adverse impact on our business, including increased costs, data integrity and/or cybersecurity risks and an inability to timely and accurately report our financial results. Future acquisitions could also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, increased amortization expenses related to acquired intangible assets and increased operating expenses, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, if we issue equity or debt securities to raise additional funds, our existing shareholders may experience significant dilution, and the new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our existing shareholders. In addition, if we sell a substantial number of shares of common stock in the public markets, the market price of our common stock could be negatively impacted and could impair our ability to raise future capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We may not be able to successfully implement future restructuring activities or other significant organizational changes. We have, from time to time, restructured or made other adjustments to our workforce and manufacturing footprint. Execution of such organizational changes can involve significant costs, including expenses related to severance, asset impairments and other potential charges. For example, in December 2025, we initiated the 2025 Restructuring Plan to support margin expansion, optimize our manufacturing and R&D footprints and further invest in innovation. We incurred $155 million of pre-tax charges associated with this restructuring plan in 2025, with an additional $25 million to $30 million expected to be incurred in 2026 (see Note 5. Asset Impairment, Restructuring and Other Special Charges to the consolidated financial statements for further information). There are also other significant risks involved with such changes, including the potential for significant business disruption, diversion of management's time and attention from ongoing operations, loss of human capital talent, temporarily reduced productivity and the risk of failing to achieve some or all of the anticipated benefits of the restructuring or organizational changes. We may need to implement additional restructuring plans or other strategic initiatives in the future in response to market or product changes, performance issues, changes in strategy, acquisitions and/or other internal or external considerations. If we are unable to successfully manage and implement any future restructuring plan or other significant organization change, we may not achieve or sustain the expected growth or cost savings benefits of these activities, or do so within the expected timeframe, and in such instance, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. Manufacturing challenges and capacity imbalances, including at our contract manufacturers, have caused, and may in the future cause, product launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls and/or unanticipated costs. In order to sell our products, we must be able to produce and ship sufficient quantities to our customers. We own and operate 16 manufacturing sites across nine countries and also employ a network of approximately 140 third-party CMOs. Many of our products involve complex manufacturing processes, are highly regulated and may rely on inputs that are sole-sourced from a singular manufacturing site. Shifting or adding manufacturing capacity can be a lengthy process requiring significant capital expenditures, process modifications and regulatory approvals. Accordingly, unplanned plant shutdowns, manufacturing or quality assurance difficulties, failure or refusal of a supplier or CMO to supply contracted quantities or variability and/or other difficulties in predicting demand for our products have caused, and may in the future cause, interruption or higher costs in the supply of certain products, product shortages or pauses or discontinuations of product sales in one or more markets. Further, minor deviations in our manufacturing or logistical processes, such as temperature excursions or improper package sealing, could result in, and have in the past resulted in, delays, inventory shortages, unanticipated costs, product recalls, product liability and/or regulatory action. In addition, a number of factors could cause production interruptions, including, but not limited to: • the failure of us or any of our CMOs, vendors or suppliers, including logistical service providers, to comply with applicable regulations and quality assurance guidelines; • mislabeling; • construction delays; • equipment malfunctions; • shortages of materials; • labor problems; • delays in receiving required governmental authorizations or regulatory approvals; • natural disasters and/or adverse weather conditions; • power outages; • criminal and terrorist activities; 20 Table of Contents • changes in manufacturing production sites and limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in types of products produced, shipping distributions or physical limitations; and • the outbreak of any highly contagious diseases. These interruptions could result in launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls, unanticipated costs or issues with our agreements under which we supply third parties, which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, global transportation and logistics challenges, cost inflation and tight labor markets have caused, and in the future may cause, delays in and/or increased costs related to the distribution of our products, the construction or acquisition of manufacturing capacity, procurement activity and supplier or contract manufacturer arrangements. In addition, volatility in the overall demand for animal health products in different markets and distribution channels has had, and may continue to have, a number of impacts on our business, including increased costs and disruptions in the supply of our products. Our manufacturing network may be unable to meet the demand for our products, or we may have excess capacity if demand for our products changes. In addition to the negative impact on our cash flows, if we are unable to effectively manage the purchase and production of our inventories to match the timing of customer demand, we may face increased costs and the potential for our inventories to become unusable or obsolete. As part of our regular and ongoing assessments of the adequacy and cost-effectiveness of our manufacturing capabilities, we may decide to invest in significant improvements to our existing manufacturing facilities. For example, throughout 2025 we have made significant capital investments in the expansion of our biologics manufacturing facility in Elwood, Kansas, as well as expansion projects at other of our global manufacturing facilities. These types of projects are subject to risks of delay or cost overruns inherent in any large construction project and require licensing by or approvals from various regulatory authorities. The unpredictability of a product’s regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites and shifting customer demand (including as a result of market conditions or entry of branded or generic competition) increase the potential for capacity imbalances. In addition, construction of sites is expensive, and our ability to recover costs will depend on the market acceptance and success of the products produced at the new sites, which is uncertain. Significant cost overruns or delays in completing these projects could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Increased or decreased inventory levels in our distribution channels can lead to fluctuations in our revenues and levels of inventory on-hand. We sell many of our products to distributors and retailers who, in turn, sell these products to third parties. Inventory levels at our distributors and retailers increase or decrease as a result of various factors, including new product launches, end customer demand, new customer contracts, heightened competition, required minimum inventory levels, our ability to renew distribution contracts with expected terms, our ability to implement commercial strategies, regulatory restrictions, unexpected customer behavior, proactive measures taken by us in response to shifting market dynamics and environmental factors beyond our control. These increases and decreases may lead, and have led, to variations in our quarterly and annual revenues. Failure to appropriately anticipate inventory levels in our distribution channels could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We use machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) in our business, and challenges with properly managing its use could result in operational, competitive or reputational harm and legal liability. We use AI in multiple ways and continue to expand its uses in our operations, as do third parties with whom we do business. Machine learning and AI are rapidly evolving technologies, and their use presents a number of operational, legal, ethical, compliance and reputational risks. AI algorithms are known to sometimes produce unexpected results or behave in unpredictable ways that can generate irrelevant, nonsensical, deficient, factually inaccurate or biased content and results. If our use of AI, or AI use by third parties on our behalf, becomes controversial, we may experience reputational harm to our brand, competitive harm or legal liability. At the same time, our competitors may incorporate AI into their operations with more successful outcomes, which would also harm our business. We also expect there could be new laws or regulations concerning the use of AI technology, which might be burdensome to comply with and may limit our ability to use this technology. We might not be able to attract and retain the talent necessary to support our AI technology initiatives and maintain our systems. Any disruption or failure in our AI systems or those of third parties on whom we rely could result in delays and operational challenges, and the various operational, compliance and reputational issues could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We depend on sophisticated information technology (IT) systems and infrastructure. We rely on sophisticated IT systems and infrastructure to manage and operate our business. We have made, and will continue to make, significant configuration, process and data changes within many of the IT systems we use. If our IT systems and processes are not sufficient to support our business needs, or if we fail to properly implement our new business processes, our ability to conduct business and our relationships with our customers or other key 21 Table of Contents business partners could be harmed, perhaps materially so. Further, if an IT system failure or outage were to delay or impair our ability to timely report our financial condition and results of operations, our reputation and/or relationships with shareholders could be harmed. In addition, the implementation of new IT systems may be more difficult, costly, or time-consuming than expected and cause disruptions in our operations and, if not properly implemented and maintained, negatively impact our business. Even if we are able to successfully implement, configure and change our systems, all technology systems, even with implementation of security measures, are vulnerable to disability, failures and cybersecurity risks, including unauthorized access. If our IT systems or our service providers' IT systems were to fail or be breached, this could materially adversely affect our reputation and our ability to perform critical business functions, and sensitive and confidential data could be compromised. Our business may be negatively affected by weather conditions, seasonality and the availability of natural resources. The animal health industry and demand for many of our products in a particular region are affected by weather conditions, including those related to climate change, varying weather patterns and weather-related pressures from pests, such as ticks. As a result, we may experience regional and seasonal fluctuations in our results of operations. We also experience seasonality in our pet health business due to increased demand for certain parasiticide product offerings in the first half of the year. For example, in 2025 approximately 70% and 60% of the total revenue for our higher-margin parasiticide products Seresto and Advantage Family , respectively, was generated in the first half of the year, reflective of the flea and tick season in the Northern Hemisphere. As such, fluctuations in our revenue due to seasonality and/or weather or climate-related factors may mean period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations will not necessarily be meaningful. In addition, veterinary hospitals and practitioners depend on visits from, and access to, the animals under their care. Veterinarians' patient volume and ability to operate could be adversely affected if they experience prolonged snow, ice or other severe weather conditions, particularly in regions not accustomed to sustained inclement weather. Farm animal producers depend on the availability of natural resources, including large supplies of fresh water. Their animals’ health and their ability to operate could be adversely affected if they experience a shortage of fresh water due to human population growth or floods, droughts or other weather conditions. In the event of adverse weather conditions or a shortage of fresh water, veterinarians or farm animal producers may purchase less of our products. Further, heat waves may cause stress in animals and lead to increased vulnerability to disease, reduced fertility rates and reduced milk production. Droughts may threaten pasture and feed supplies by reducing the quality and amount of forage available to grazing livestock, while climate change may increase the prevalence of parasites and diseases that affect farm animals. We could experience demand, supply and operational challenges associated with the effects of a human disease outbreak, epidemic, pandemic or other widespread public health concern. Our business has been, and could in the future be, negatively impacted by human disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics or other widespread public health concerns. These impacts may include: • Reductions in demand or significant volatility in demand for one or more of our products, caused by, among other things: the temporary inability of our customers to purchase our products due to illness, quarantine, travel restrictions and/or financial hardship; decreased veterinary visits; farm animal processing plant shutdowns; shifts in demand by trading down to lower priced products; or stockpiling activity; • Inability to meet customer needs and achieve cost targets due to disruptions in our manufacturing and supply chains caused by labor constraints or an inability to obtain key raw materials, increased transportation costs or other manufacturing and distribution disruptions; • Failure of third parties on which we rely, including our suppliers, CMOs, distributors, contractors and other external business partners, to meet their obligations, which may be caused by their own financial or operational challenges; • Limited ability to access the global financial market, which could negatively impact our short-term and long-term liquidity; or • Significant changes in the political environments in the markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products, including lockdowns, import/export restrictions or other governmental mandates that limit or close operating and manufacturing facilities, restrict travel or otherwise prevent us or our third-party partners, suppliers or customers from sufficiently staffing operations, including operations necessary for the production, distribution and sale of our products. Despite our efforts to manage and limit these impacts, they will likely ultimately be dependent on factors beyond our control, including the duration and severity of any such outbreak, as well as third-party actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate its effects. 22 Table of Contents A loss of key personnel or highly skilled employees could disrupt our operations. Our future success depends partly on the continued service of our highly qualified and well-trained key research, engineering, sales, marketing, manufacturing, executive and administrative personnel. We face intense competition for these qualified personnel, particularly for certain highly technical specialties in geographic areas where we recruit. Due to this intense competition, we may be unable to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel necessary for the development of our business, or to recruit or identify suitable replacement personnel. If we are unsuccessful in our recruitment and retention efforts, our business may be harmed. In addition, if we fail to effectively manage organizational and/or strategic changes, our financial condition, results of operations and reputation, as well as our ability to successfully attract, motivate and retain key employees, could be harmed. Our business could be materially adversely affected by labor disputes, strikes or work stoppages. Some of our employees are members of unions, works councils, trade associations or are otherwise subject to collective bargaining agreements. As a result, we are subject to the risk of labor disputes, strikes, work stoppages and other labor-relations matters in certain jurisdictions. We may be unable to negotiate new collective bargaining agreements on similar or more favorable terms, and we may experience work stoppages, higher ongoing labor costs or other labor problems in the future at our sites. We may also experience difficulty or delays in implementing changes to our workforce in certain markets. Further, labor-related issues, including at our suppliers or CMOs, could cause a disruption of our operations, potentially resulting in cancelled orders by customers or unanticipated inventory accumulation or shortages, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Economic, Market and Financial Risks We have substantial indebtedness. We had approximately $3.8 billion of outstanding indebtedness at December 31, 2025, excluding our finance lease liability. A significant amount of our cash flows from operations is dedicated to servicing this indebtedness and will not be available for other purposes, including our operating, investing or financing needs. Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions, and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory or other factors beyond our control. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, or we are unable to access capital markets for additional financing on terms acceptable to us, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional debt or equity financing or seek to restructure or refinance our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. In such event, we may not be able to execute any such measures on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and even if successful, could still face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to sell material assets or operations to attempt to meet our debt service and other obligations. Further, our debt instruments may restrict our ability to dispose of assets, the use of proceeds from those dispositions and/or our ability to raise debt or equity financing to be used to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations when due. In addition, repayment of our indebtedness will depend on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries, including certain international subsidiaries, and their ability to ma
[...TRUNCATED...]