TICKER=ENTG|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/ENTG_2026-02-11.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors. In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating us and our common stock. Any of the following risks, many of which are beyond our control, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows or cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. We may also face other risks and uncertainties that are not presently known, are not currently believed to be material or are not identified below because they are common to all businesses. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. For more information, see “Cautionary Statements” in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Risk Factor Summary Risks Related to Our Business and Industry • Fluctuations in demand for semiconductors and volume of semiconductor manufacturing. • Global economic uncertainty, including volatile financial markets, inflation, fluctuations in interest rates, economic recessions, and national debt and bank failures. • Supply chain risks, including partial reliance on sole, single or limited source suppliers. • Challenges inherent in operating a global business, including managing complex political, legal, regulatory, and operational environments across the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. • The impact of export controls, economic sanctions and other similar restrictions. • Customer concentration. • The need for continuing innovation and introduction of new products. • Manufacturing interruptions or delays and other operational disruptions. • Information technology (“IT”) system failures, network disruptions, data breaches, and other cybersecurity threats. • The impact of tariffs and a volatile trade environment. • The use of hazardous materials in our operations. • Goodwill impairment. • Loss of key employees. • Our ability to obtain, protect, and enforce intellectual property rights. • Our use, and our competitors’ use, of AI • Environmental, social, and governance commitments. Risks Related to Government Regulation • The impact of being subject to numerous rapidly evolving environmental laws and regulations across many jurisdictions. • Risks related to the regulatory environment, including compliance costs and being subject to potentially inconsistent or conflicting regulations. • Changes in taxation or adverse tax rulings. • The impact of government incentives, including added operational complexity and competition. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness • The impact of our indebtedness, including our ability to obtain future financing. • Risks related to our ability to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness. • Restrictions on our operations as a result of the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement (as defined below) and the Indentures (as defined below). Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock • The volatility of the price of our common stock. • Changes in capital allocation strategy. • Provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law may delay or prevent us from being acquired. 13 Table of Contents General Risks • Significant competition. • Our ability to successfully acquire or integrate other businesses, form joint ventures, or divest businesses. • The impact of climate change, including changes in market dynamics and stakeholder expectations, and unexpected operational disruptions. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our revenue is primarily dependent upon demand from the global semiconductor ecosystem. Fluctuations in demand, whether from industry cyclicality, changes in consumer spending, macroeconomic conditions, or other factors, may cause our revenues and operating results to vary significantly, which could adversely affect our business. Our revenue is primarily dependent upon demand from the global semiconductor ecosystem. The semiconductor industry has historically been, and is likely to continue to be, cyclical with periodic downturns, resulting in decreased demand for our products, which has negatively impacted our results of operations in the past and could do so again in the future. Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year due to a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. A lower volume of sales can have a large and disproportionate impact on our profitability because some of our expenses are fixed in the short term. Factors that may negatively impact the demand for our solutions or cause our financial results to fluctuate unpredictably include, but are not limited to: • decreased consumer spending or changes in purchasing habits related to (1) macroeconomic uncertainty, market conditions, slow or negative economic growth or uncertainty about economic and other policies; or (2) geopolitical instability, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East; • trends in the semiconductor industry and demand trends for different types of electronic devices such as logic versus memory integrated circuit (“IC”) devices, or digital versus analog IC devices, and the various technology nodes at which those products are manufactured; • customer considerations, which may impact their future purchasing decisions, including (1) the size and timing of customer orders; (2) customers’ decisions to accelerate, decelerate or delay shipments; (3) customer inventory management and corrections; (4) customers’ rate of use and replacement of our consumable products; (5) customers’ decisions to delay expansion projects; (6) customers’ device architectures and specific manufacturing processes; (7) consolidation of our customers; and (8) the relative success of our customers vis-à-vis each other; • the short order-to-delivery time for our products; market share and competitive losses; and pricing changes by us and our competitors; • legal, tax, accounting or regulatory changes (including changes in import/export regulations and tariffs, such as regulations imposed by the U.S. government restricting exports to China or regulations imposed by other countries restricting the export of certain materials or the re-export of products containing such materials, or potential additional tariffs on imports, and tariffs imposed by other countries) or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing requirements; • procurement shortages and related increased prices, and the failure of suppliers to perform their obligations; • changes in our capital expenditure requirements to meet demand for our solutions, and the schedule and timing, including potential delays, thereof; • unanticipated manufacturing difficulties; • changes in average selling prices, customer mix and product mix; • our ability to develop, introduce and market new, enhanced and competitive products in a timely and cost-effective manner; • our competitors’ introduction of new products; • disruptions in transportation, communication, demand, IT or supply resulting from factors outside of our control, including strikes, acts of God, wars, terrorist activities, international conflict and natural or man-made disasters; and • foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. During downturns in the semiconductor industry, which can occur suddenly, we typically experience greater pricing pressure and shifts in product and customer mix, which can adversely affect our gross margin and net income. The semiconductor industry is also affected by seasonal shifts in demand, and as a result, we have in the past experienced and may experience in the future short-term fluctuation in our results of operations from one period to the next. We are unable to predict the timing, duration or severity of any current or future downturns in the semiconductor industry and cost control or other measures we implement to maintain profitability during such downturns or periods of limited growth may constrain or limit our ability to capitalize on subsequent industry recoveries. 14 Table of Contents Furthermore, the semiconductor industry is subject to rapid advancements and demand for new and emerging technologies, such as AI. If we do not have, or are unable to develop, products and solutions that are utilized to manufacture semiconductors that enable new end-user demand trends, we may not be able to grow our revenue as fast as anticipated and our results of operations may be impacted. Furthermore, our performance is dependent, in large part, on our exposure to certain market trends and the growth of certain segments of the semiconductor ecosystem. For example, we have less exposure to the market for back-end assembly and testing. If certain markets in which we have limited or no exposure grow more rapidly than the markets we serve, our growth relative to our competitors may lag. To remain competitive in the semiconductor industry, we have in the past, and will likely in the future, maintain or increase our ER&D activity and invest in our infrastructure, even during downturns and periods of slower demand. Additionally, if we do not, or are unable to, adequately anticipate changes in our business environment, we may lack the infrastructure, manufacturing capacity and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth. Conversely, we may expand our capacity too rapidly, resulting in excess fixed costs and lower profitability. As a result of global economic uncertainty, we may experience reduced demand for our products, increased costs, challenges in forecasting our operating results and identifying and prioritizing business risks, and other negative effects, any of which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Uncertain and volatile economic conditions, including financial market instability, inflation and increased costs, trade wars, fluctuating interest rates, economic slowdowns and/or recessions, difficulties in obtaining capital, and national debt and bank failures, could materially and adversely impact our operating results. Such conditions, particularly if present in any of our key sales or manufacturing regions, can cause or exacerbate negative trends in business and consumer spending, which, in turn, historically have increased our manufacturing and delivery costs and reduced customer demand for our products (and may do so in the future). We may also face a number of other negative effects related to global economic uncertainty, including. • an increase in reserves for accounts receivable due to our customers’ inability to pay us; • lower utilization of our manufacturing facilities, which could lead to lower margins; • an increase in write-offs for excess or obsolete inventory that we cannot sell; • potential impairment charges relating to goodwill, intangible assets, manufacturing equipment or other long-lived assets, to the extent that any downturn indicates that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable; • an inability of suppliers to deliver parts and raw materials, which would negatively affect our ability to manage operations, manage our costs and sell our products; • consolidation or strategic alliances among other suppliers to semiconductor manufacturers, which could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively; • greater challenges in forecasting operating results, making business decisions and identifying and prioritizing business risks; • a need to undertake additional cost reduction efforts, including additional restructuring activities, which may adversely affect our ability to capitalize on opportunities; and • limitations on our ability to access cash maintained in our bank accounts as a result of bank failures, which could affect our ability to manage our operations. Interruptions in our supply chain, including those from our sole, single and limited source suppliers, could affect our ability to manufacture our products and meet demand, which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on our revenue and results of operations. Our ability to increase sales of our products depends in part upon our ability, in a very short timeframe, to ramp up our manufacturing capacity and to mobilize our supply chain. If we are unable to do so, our customers could obtain products from our competitors, which would reduce our market share, harm our reputation as a trusted partner and impact our results of operations. Ensuring a robust and resilient supply chain is critical for us to meet the demand, quality and technological requirements of our customers. We rely on the timely delivery of parts, materials and services, including components and subassemblies, from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. The Company’s strategies to limit its reliance on single, sole or limited source suppliers and utilize alternative sources are not feasible or practical in all circumstances. For example, we rely on single, sole or limited source suppliers for certain raw materials that are critical to manufacturing our products, such as plastic polymers, filtration membranes, abrasive particles, petroleum coke and other materials. If we were to lose any of these critical sources, or there is an industry-wide increase in demand for, or discontinuation of, raw materials or components used in our products, it could be difficult or impossible to find an alternative supplier, which could adversely affect our operations. In addition, qualifying alternative suppliers or materials (or relocating manufacturing) can be time-consuming and costly due to customer qualification requirements, regulatory approvals, 15 Table of Contents and the technical sensitivity of many of our products. Disruptions to transportation routes, ports, air freight capacity, or regional infrastructure in Asia (including in locations where we or our suppliers manufacture or where key customers operate) could further delay deliveries, increase costs, or reduce our ability to serve customers. Several factors outside of our control, including, but not limited to, surges in demand for semiconductors, changes in trade policies, the imposition of foreign export controls on critical materials and minerals and international conflicts, have resulted in, and may in the future result in, a shortage of raw materials and components needed to manufacture and deliver our products, higher raw materials costs, costly and time-consuming re-qualification of products manufactured with new raw materials and delays in, and unpredictability of, shipments due to transportation interruptions. These results could harm our reputation or the competitiveness of our products. Such shortages, delays and unpredictability have adversely impacted, and may impact in the future (1) our suppliers’ ability to meet our demand requirements, (2) our manufacturing operations, (3) our ability to meet customer demand, (4) our gross margins and (5) our other operating results. Our actions to counteract adverse impacts to our gross margins and other operating results could be unsuccessful or reduce demand, which would adversely impact our revenue. Additionally, our suppliers may not have the capacity to meet increases in our demand for raw materials and other components, in turn, making us unable to meet customer demand for our products. If our suppliers or sub-suppliers are unable to maintain their operations due to operational restrictions or financial hardship caused by an economic slowdown or recession, we may need to increase our safety stocks of raw materials or components or alter our payment terms with such suppliers, including prepaying for raw materials. These measures could reduce our available working capital, increase our inventory carrying costs, and negatively impact our liquidity and overall financial flexibility. Further, increased restrictions imposed on a class of chemicals known as per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (“PFAS”), which are used in a number of products, including parts and materials that are incorporated into our products, may negatively impact our supply chain due to the potentially decreased availability, or non-availability, of PFAS-containing products. Proposed regulations under consideration could require that we transition away from the usage of PFAS-containing products, which could adversely impact our business, operations, revenue, costs, and competitive position. Suitable replacements for PFAS-containing parts and materials may not be available at similar performance and costs, or at all. Because a significant amount of our sales and manufacturing activity occurs outside the U.S., we are exposed to risks inherent in operating a global business, including changes in economic policy, geopolitical tensions and challenges in managing a diverse workforce and operating under differing business and legal environments, which may harm our reputation or profitability. Sales to customers outside the U.S. accounted for approximately 82%, 79% and 75% of our net sales in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We anticipate that international sales will continue to account for a majority of our net sales. In addition, a number of our key domestic customers derive a significant portion of their revenues from sales in international markets. We also develop and manufacture a significant portion of our products outside the U.S. and depend on international suppliers for many of our parts and raw materials. We intend to continue to maintain extensive sales, product development and manufacturing operations internationally, which are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and potential costs that could adversely affect our revenue, profitability and reputation, including: • changes and uncertainties with respect to trade and export regulations (including new and changing regulations for exports of certain technologies to China), trade policies and sanctions, tariffs, international trade disputes and any retaliatory measures; • geopolitical tensions or conflicts, such as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the ongoing conflict in the Middle East, and tensions between China and Taiwan and between China and the U.S.; • cybersecurity incidents; • challenges in hiring and integrating workers in different countries and in managing a diverse workforce with different experience levels, languages, cultures, customs, business practices and worker expectations, along with differing employment practices and labor issues; • challenges of maintaining appropriate business processes, procedures and internal controls and complying with legal, environmental, health and safety, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, trade compliance, data privacy, cybersecurity and other regulatory requirements that vary by jurisdiction; • challenges in developing relationships with local customers, suppliers and governments; • public health crises; • fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates, including the relative strength or weakness of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies that are important to our business; • liability for foreign taxes assessed at rates higher than those applicable to our domestic operations; 16 Table of Contents • imposition of a global minimum tax rate, including by the Organization of Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”); • challenges and costs associated with the protection of our intellectual property throughout the world; • challenges associated with managing global and regional third-party service providers, including certain engineering, software development, manufacturing, IT and other functions; • customer or government efforts to encourage operations and sourcing in a particular country, such as Korea or China, including efforts to develop and grow local competitors, require local manufacturing, and provide special incentives to government-backed local customers to buy from local competitors; and • impacts of natural disasters and extreme and chronic weather events on our operations and those of our customers and suppliers, which may be exacerbated by climate change. In the past, these factors have disrupted our operations and increased our costs, and we expect that these factors will continue to do so in the future. Furthermore, there is inherent risk, based on the complex relationships among China, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, and the U.S., that political, diplomatic and national security influences could lead to disputes, impacts and/or disruptions, in particular those affecting the semiconductor industry. This can adversely affect our business with China, Japan, Korea, and/or Taiwan and potentially the entire Asia Pacific region or global economy. A significant dispute, impact and/or disruption in any area where we do business could have a materially adverse impact on our future revenue and profits. Export controls, economic sanctions, and other similar restrictions may limit our ability to sell our products to certain customers, require us to obtain governmental licenses, put the Company at a competitive disadvantage both domestically and internationally and expose us to additional legal liability, all of which could harm our business and financial condition. We are subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations that restrict the delivery of some of our products and services to certain countries (and nationals thereof), to certain end users, and for certain end uses. These restrictions may prohibit the sale of certain of our products, services and technologies, and they may require us to obtain a license from the U.S. government and/or other governments before delivering the controlled item or service. Obtaining export licenses may be difficult, costly and time-consuming, and we may fail to receive licenses that we apply for on a timely basis or at all. Even where a license is ultimately granted, the licensing process may result in extended delivery timelines, increased administrative burden, and customer uncertainty, any of which could cause customers to delay, reduce, or cancel orders, shift purchases to competitors, or redesign processes around non-U.S. alternatives. In addition, export controls and sanctions regimes are dynamic and may be expanded to cover additional products, technology, end uses, end users, or jurisdictions (including through restrictions applicable to non-U.S. persons or foreign subsidiaries), which could further limit our ability to sell or support products and services in certain markets. We must also comply with export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations imposed by other countries. Although we maintain an export and trade control compliance program, it may not be fully effective or may be circumvented, exposing us to legal liabilities. Compliance with these laws could significantly limit our sales in the future. Changes in, or responses to, U.S. or other countries’ trade controls could reduce the competitiveness of our products and cause our sales to decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Over the last several years, the U.S. and other governments have significantly expanded export controls on certain technologies and commodities to certain markets, particularly with respect to semiconductor and other high technology exports to China, a market which represented approximately 21% of our sales in 2025. These and other regulations have reduced our ability to sell our products to customers in China and it is possible future regulation could further reduce demand for our products. As a result of these restrictive measures, certain of our customers have made efforts to source products domestically in order to mitigate perceived risks to their supply chain. Furthermore, these restrictive measures have incentivized Chinese domestic semiconductor companies to work more closely with local Chinese companies and companies headquartered outside of the U.S. in an effort to enable these companies to enhance the technology-level and quality of their products and, as a result, to better compete with our products. We may be unable to continue to compete favorably against these local and foreign competitors. If these efforts are successful, are widespread amongst our customers and expand to our products and solutions broadly, overall global demand for our products may be reduced, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, government authorities may take retaliatory actions, impose conditions that require the use of local suppliers or partnerships with local companies, increase tariff and other customs costs, impose export restrictions on raw materials and components, such as the restrictions imposed on critical materials and minerals by China in 2025, or require the license or other transfer of intellectual property, which could have a significant adverse impact on our business. These measures could also increase our costs (including logistics, compliance, and supplier qualification costs), disrupt our sourcing and manufacturing plans, and adversely affect our ability to meet customer requirements or contractual commitments. 17 Table of Contents A significant portion of our sales is concentrated on a limited number of key customers, and our net sales and profitability may materially decline if we were to lose one or more of these customers. Sales to a limited number of large customers constitute a significant portion of our overall revenue, shipments, cash flows, collections and profitability and our success is tied in part to their competitive position in their respective markets. Our top ten customers accounted for 50%, 48% and 43% of our net sales in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Consolidation among semiconductor manufacturers, shifts in customer build plans, and evolving procurement strategies (including efforts to localize supply chains in response to export controls or trade policies) may increase these customers’ bargaining power and result in pricing pressure, more restrictive commercial terms (including audit, cybersecurity, ESG, and flow-down requirements), longer payment cycles, or demands for dual sourcing or rapid qualification of alternative products. If we are unable to satisfy these requirements on commercially reasonable terms, we could lose design wins, experience reduced volumes, or incur additional costs, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. Because we have limited or no contractual recourse if our customers decided to stop buying and using our products with limited advance notice, the cancellation, reduction or deferral of purchases of our products by any one of these customers could significantly reduce our revenues in any particular quarter. If we were to lose any of our significant customers, if our products are not specified for our significant customers’ products, if our customers lose market share to competitors with whom we do not have as strong relationships or as favorable commercial terms, or if we suffer a material reduction in their purchase orders, our revenue could decline and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Due to the long design and development cycle and lengthy customer product qualification periods required for most of our products, we may be unable to replace these customers quickly, if at all. In addition, our principal customers hold considerable purchasing power and may be able to negotiate sales terms that result in decreased pricing, increased costs, lower margins and/or limit our ability to share jointly-developed technology with others. The semiconductor industry may continue to undergo consolidation, and if any of our customers merge or are acquired, we may experience lower overall sales to, or lower profitability from sales to, the merged or combined companies. Furthermore, we rely on independent distributors, in addition to our direct sales force, to market and sell certain of our products globally. If these distributors fail to devote sufficient resources to selling our products or are otherwise unsuccessful in doing so, our revenue and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our customer base is also geographically concentrated, particularly in Taiwan, Korea, Japan, China and the U.S. As a result, export regulations, the imposition of tariffs or other trends that apply to customers in certain countries, such as those in China, have exposed and may further expose our business and results of operations to greater volatility. The geographic concentration of our customer base could shift over time as a result of changes in technology and competitive landscape, as well as government policy and incentives to develop regional semiconductor industries. If we are unable to anticipate and respond to rapid technological change and customer requirements by continuing to innovate and introduce new and enhanced products and solutions, we may experience a loss of market share, decreased sales, revenue, profitability and damage to our reputation. The semiconductor industry is subject to rapid technological change, changing customer requirements and frequent new product introductions. In our industry, the first company to introduce an innovative product that addresses an identified market need will often have a significant advantage over competing products. Following development, it may take several years for sales of a new product to reach a substantial level, if ever. If a product concept does not progress beyond the development stage or only achieves limited acceptance in the marketplace, we may not receive a direct return on our expenditures, which may be significant, we may lose market share and our revenue, and profitability may decline. In the past, we incurred significant impairment charges for capital expenditures related to developing the capability to manufacture shippers and FOUPs for 450 millimeter wafers, which major semiconductor manufacturers announced that they would not initiate manufacturing for the foreseeable future, and for other projects that failed to find commercial viability. We believe that our future success will depend upon our ability to continue to develop novel, mission-critical solutions to maximize our customers’ manufacturing yields and enable higher performance semiconductor devices. A failure to successfully anticipate and respond to technological changes by developing, marketing and manufacturing new products or enhancements to our existing products could harm our business prospects, limit our market share, result in unanticipated costs and significantly reduce our sales. Developing new products or enhancing existing products is complex, costly and uncertain, and, if a new product is adopted by our customers, we must ramp manufacturing quickly, while also managing costs. In addition, our customers impose very high quality and reliability standards on our products, which often change and can be difficult and costly to achieve. A failure to satisfy these customer standards or to comply with industry, regulatory and technical requirements may 18 Table of Contents result in reduced orders, higher manufacturing costs, delays in acceptance and payment, additional service and warranty expense and damage to our reputation, which may adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. Manufacturing interruptions or delays, or other disruptions to our operations, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. Our manufacturing processes are complex and require the use of expensive and technologically sophisticated equipment and materials. We have, on occasion, experienced manufacturing difficulties, such as critical equipment breakdowns, delayed ramp up of newly constructed or expanded manufacturing facilities or the introduction of impurities in the manufacturing process, which cause lower yields, delivery delays and harm our ability to serve our customers. In addition, any modification to the manufacturing process of a product, including changes designed to improve manufacturing yields, process stability and product quality, could require that the product be re-qualified by customers, which can increase our costs and delay or prevent our ability to sell this product to our customers. We have moved, and we may in the future move, the manufacture of certain products from one plant to another, which may be costly and time-consuming. If we fail to transfer and re-establish the manufacturing processes in the destination plant efficiently and effectively, we may not be able to meet customer demand, we may lose credibility with our customers and our business may be harmed. Even if we successfully move our manufacturing processes, we may not achieve the anticipated levels of cost savings or efficiencies, if any, and such disruptions may cause delays in developing or shipping our products. These and other manufacturing difficulties may result in the loss of sales and exposure to warranty and product liability claims. Disruptions to our operations may be caused by factors outside of our control, including severe weather events and natural catastrophes, civil unrest, outbreaks of disease, and terrorist actions. Our continuity plans may be insufficient to mitigate the impact of disruptions to our operations, and any prolonged disruption may impede our ability to manufacture and deliver products to our customers or to engage with customers on new product applications, resulting in an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. We may be subject to IT system failures, network disruptions and cybersecurity and data breaches, which could damage our reputation and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. New laws and regulations regarding data privacy may also increase our costs. In conducting our business, we use, collect and store sensitive data, including our financial information, intellectual property, confidential information, proprietary business information and personally identifiable information of our employees and others, as well as similar information of our customers, suppliers and business partners. We maintain this information in our data centers, on our networks and on IT systems owned and maintained by third parties. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. All IT systems are subject to disruptions, security breaches, outages and failures, which may be caused by a variety of internal and external factors. We and our third-party suppliers have experienced, and expect to continue to be subject to, cybersecurity threats and incidents ranging from employee or contractor error or misuse to individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to systems, to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats. Cybersecurity threats may target us directly or indirectly through our third-party providers and global supply chain. Cybersecurity attacks are increasing in number and the attackers are increasingly organized and well-financed, or at times supported by state actors. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts, such as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and tensions with China, have created a heightened risk of cybersecurity attacks. AI capabilities are and will be used by threat actors to identify vulnerabilities and craft increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity attacks, making them even more difficult to defend against by creating more effective phishing emails or social engineering and by exploiting vulnerabilities in electronic security programs utilizing false image or voice recognition. The use of AI by us, our customers, suppliers and other business partners and third-party providers may introduce vulnerabilities onto our IT systems. We may be unable to anticipate, prevent or remediate future attacks, vulnerabilities, breaches or incidents and in some instances we may be unaware of vulnerabilities or cybersecurity breaches or incidents or their magnitude and effects, particularly as attackers are increasingly able to circumvent controls and remove forensic evidence. We continue to devote significant resources to network security, threat monitoring and other measures to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access or misuse, and we may be required to expend greater resources in the future, especially in the face of evolving and increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity threats and laws, regulations, contractual and other actual and asserted obligations to which we are or may become subject relating to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity. These security procedures and protection systems are costly and yet they may not be fail-safe. We may still suffer cybersecurity and other incidents, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or operations. 19 Table of Contents IT system failures, network disruptions and breaches of data security could (1) cause disruption in our operations, issues with customer communication and order management, the unauthorized or unintentional disclosure of sensitive information, or disruptions in our transaction processing or (2) undermine the integrity of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting, which could affect our reputation, result in significant liabilities and expenses, adversely affect our ability to report our financial results in a timely manner and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Cybersecurity incidents affecting our suppliers could impact our supply chain, which, in turn, could lead to difficulties and delays in our ability to obtain parts, materials and services needed to manufacture our products and provide services. Failure to timely recover from such delays could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and may also cause our business and financial outlook to be inaccurate. Our efforts to comply with current and evolving laws, regulations and other obligations, such as contractual or commercial obligations from our customers or other third parties, concerning privacy, cybersecurity, and data protection, increase our compliance costs and could result in significant additional expenses. Any actual or alleged failure to comply with these obligations could result in inquiries, investigations, and other proceedings against us by regulatory authorities or other third parties. Recent tariffs and other trade actions taken by the U.S. and other countries where we do business have increased, and may continue to increase, our import and export costs, requiring us, in certain situations, to increase our prices, add a surcharge or find alternative suppliers which, in turn, may harm our relationships with customers, reduce demand for our products and decrease our profitability. In recent years, including during 2025, the U.S. government has imposed tariffs and implemented other trade actions affecting products and materials imported into the U.S. In response to these tariffs and other changes in U.S. trade policy, several countries, including China, have threatened or imposed retaliatory tariffs on U.S. exports. The continuing imposition of tariffs by the U.S. and others may also give rise to further escalations of protectionist and retaliatory trade measures. Tariffs and related trade measures may be expanded, modified or restructured, and exemptions or exclusions may be limited or unavailable, which could further increase costs or disrupt supply chains. These tariffs and other trade measures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our business and operating results are heavily dependent on international trade. We import raw materials and finished goods into the U.S. and we export products from the U.S. to our customers throughout the world, including those in China. Because of the recent tariffs and other trade restrictions, we have experienced increased and additional costs with respect to our import and export of such materials, finished goods, and products, and we may continue to experience these costs. In turn, we may be required to increase the prices of our products or add surcharges, which may reduce demand and harm our relationships with our customers. If we do not, or are unable to, increase prices or add surcharges without reducing demand, we may experience reduced profitability. Furthermore, retaliatory tariffs imposed by countries where we have significant sales, like China, could cause our customers to source products from local and non-U.S. competitors, which could further reduce demand for, and the overall competitiveness of, our products and decrease our market share. Additionally, we may be required to source our materials from alternative suppliers which could significantly increase our costs, lead to significant delays, and result in reliability or quality issues, all of which could harm our reputation and decrease demand for our products. The extent and duration of the tariffs and the resulting impact on general economic conditions and on our business are uncertain and depend on various factors, such as negotiations and overall relationships between the U.S. and affected countries, the responses of other countries or regions, exemptions or exclusions that may be granted, availability and cost of alternative sources of supply, and demand for our products in affected markets. Our operations use hazardous materials that expose us to various risks, including potential liability for personal injury and potential remediation obligations. Our operations involve, and we are exposed to the risks associated with, the use and manufacture of hazardous materials. In particular, we manufacture specialty chemicals, which is an inherently hazardous process that may result in accidents, and store and transport hazardous raw materials, products and waste in, to and from various facilities. Potential risks that may disrupt our operations or expose us to significant losses and liabilities include explosions and fires, chemical spills and other discharges, releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases, and pipeline and storage tank leaks and ruptures. These and other hazards may result in (1) liability for personal injury, death, damage to property and contamination of the environment; (2) suspension of operations; (3) the imposition of civil or criminal fines, penalties and other sanctions; (4) cleanup costs; (5) claims by governmental entities or third parties; (6) reputational harm; (7) increases in our insurance costs; and (8) other adverse impacts on our results of operations. Moreover, a failure of one of our products at a customer site could interrupt the business operations of the customer. For example, while we believe that our SDS and VAC delivery systems are safe to transport, store and deliver toxic gases, any leakage could cause serious damage, including injury or death, to any person exposed to those toxic gases, 20 Table of Contents potentially creating significant product liability exposure for us. Our insurance coverage may be inadequate to satisfy any such liabilities, and our financial results or financial condition could be adversely affected. We carry a significant amount of goodwill on our balance sheet. As of December 31, 2025, we had goodwill of $3,946.7 million. The future occurrence of a potential indicator of impairment, such as a significant adverse change in business climate, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, a material negative change in relationships with significant customers, strategic decisions made in response to economic or competitive conditions, loss of key personnel, or a more-likely-than-not expectation that a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit will be sold or disposed of, could result in goodwill impairment charges. We have recorded goodwill impairment charges in the past, and such charges have materially affected our historical results of operations. For additional information see Note 8 – Goodwill and Intangible Assets to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Loss of any of our key personnel could harm our business, and our inability to attract and retain new qualified personnel could inhibit our ability to operate and grow our business successfully. Many of our key personnel have significant experience in the sem
[...TRUNCATED...]