TICKER=EOG|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/EOG_2026-02-24.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Our business and operations are subject to many risks. The risks described below may not be the only risks we face, as our business and operations may also be subject to risks that we do not yet know of, or that we currently believe are immaterial. If any of the events or circumstances described below actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected and the trading price of our common stock could decline. The following risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information contained herein, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. Unless the context requires otherwise, "we," "us," "our" and "EOG" refer to EOG Resources, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Risks Related to our Financial Condition, Results of Operations and Cash Flows Crude oil, NGLs and natural gas prices are volatile, and a substantial and extended decline in commodity prices can have a material and adverse effect on us. Prices for crude oil and natural gas (including prices for natural gas liquids (NGLs) and condensate) fluctuate widely. Among the interrelated factors that can or could cause these price fluctuations are: • domestic and worldwide supplies of, and consumer and industrial/commercial demand for, crude oil, NGLs and natural gas; • domestic and international drilling activity; • the actions of crude oil producing and exporting nations, including the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries; • worldwide economic conditions, geopolitical factors and political conditions, including, but not limited to, tariffs; trade policies, trade agreements and trade restrictions; other economic sanctions or barriers; and political instability or armed conflicts in oil and gas producing regions; • the availability, proximity and capacity of appropriate gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation, refining, liquefaction and export facilities; • the price and availability of, and demand for, competing energy sources, including alternative energy sources; • the effect of worldwide energy conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements and climate change-related legislation, policies, initiatives and developments; • technological advances and consumer and industrial/commercial behavior, preferences and attitudes, in each case affecting energy generation, transmission, storage and consumption; • the nature and extent of governmental regulation, including environmental and other climate change-related regulation, regulation of financial and other derivative transactions and hedging activities, tax laws and regulations and laws and regulations with respect to the import and export of crude oil, NGLs, and natural gas and related commodities; • the level and effect of trading in commodity futures markets, including trading by commodity price speculators and others; • natural disasters, weather conditions and changes in weather patterns, each of which may be exacerbated by climate change; and • the economic and financial impact of epidemics, pandemics or other public health issues. The above-described factors and the volatility of commodity prices make it difficult to predict crude oil, NGLs and natural gas prices in 2026 and thereafter. As a result, there can be no assurance that the prices for crude oil, NGLs and/or natural gas will sustain, or increase from, their current levels, nor can there be any assurance that the prices for crude oil, NGLs and/or natural gas will not decline. Our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations depend to a great extent on prevailing commodity prices. Accordingly, substantial and extended declines in commodity prices can materially and adversely affect the amount of cash flows we have available for our capital expenditures and operating costs; the terms on which we can access the credit and capital markets; our results of operations; and our financial condition, including (but not limited to) our ability to pay regular and special dividends on our common stock or repurchase shares of our common stock under the share repurchase authorization established by our Board of Directors (Board). As a result, the trading price of our common stock may be materially and adversely affected. 15 Lower commodity prices can also reduce the amount of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas that we can produce economically. Substantial and extended declines in the prices of these commodities can render uneconomic a portion of our exploration, development and exploitation projects, resulting in our having to make downward adjustments (“write-downs”) to our estimated reserves and also possibly shut in, or plug and abandon, certain wells. In addition, significant prolonged decreases in commodity prices may cause the expected future cash flows from our properties to fall below their respective net book values, which would require us to recognize an impairment expense in respect of the value of our properties. Such reserve write-downs and asset impairments can materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial position and, in turn, the trading price of our common stock. We have substantial capital requirements, and we may be unable to obtain needed financing on satisfactory terms, if at all. We make, and expect to continue to make, substantial capital expenditures for the acquisition, exploration, development and production of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas reserves as well as for the gathering, processing and transportation of our production volumes. We intend to fund our capital expenditures primarily through our cash flows from operations and cash on hand and, if and as necessary, commercial paper borrowings, bank borrowings, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and public and private debt and equity offerings. Lower crude oil, NGLs and natural gas prices, however, reduce our cash flows and could also delay or impair our ability to consummate any planned acquisitions or divestitures. Further, if the condition of the credit and capital markets materially declines, we might not be able to obtain financing on terms we consider acceptable, if at all. In addition, weakness and/or volatility in domestic and global financial markets or economic conditions or a depressed commodity price environment may increase the interest rates that lenders and commercial paper investors require us to pay or otherwise adversely affect our ability to finance our capital expenditures through debt or equity offerings or other financing transactions. Similarly, a reduction in our cash flows (for example, as a result of lower crude oil, NGLs and/or natural gas prices or unanticipated well shut-ins) and the corresponding adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations may also increase the interest rates that lenders and commercial paper investors require us to pay. A substantial increase in interest rates would decrease our net cash flows available for reinvestment (and, as noted above, for the payment of regular and special dividends on our common stock and for the repurchase of shares of our common stock). Any of these factors could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and, in turn, the trading price of our common stock. Further, our ability to obtain financings, our borrowing costs and the terms of any financings are, in part, dependent on the credit ratings assigned to our debt by independent credit rating agencies. The interrelated factors that may impact our credit ratings include our debt levels; planned capital expenditures and sales of assets; near-term and long-term production growth opportunities; liquidity; asset quality; cost structure; product mix; and commodity pricing levels (including, but not limited to, the estimates and assumptions of credit rating agencies with respect to future commodity prices). We cannot provide any assurance that our current credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that our credit ratings will be raised in the future, nor can we provide any assurance that any of our credit ratings will not be lowered. In addition, companies in the oil and gas sector may be exposed to reputational risks and, in turn, certain financial risks. For example, certain financial institutions, investment advisors and sovereign wealth, pension and endowment funds, in response to concerns related to climate change and the requests and other influence of environmental groups and similar stakeholders, have from time to time elected to shift some or all of their investments and financing away from oil and gas-related sectors. Additional financial institutions and other investors may, in the future, elect to do likewise or may impose more stringent conditions with respect to investments in, and financing of, oil and gas-related sectors. As a result, fewer financial institutions and other investors may be willing to invest in, and provide capital to, companies in the oil and gas sector. A material reduction in capital available to the oil and gas sector could make it more difficult (e.g., due to a lack of investor interest in our debt or equity securities) and/or more costly (e.g., due to higher interest rates on our debt securities or other borrowings) to secure funding for our operations, which, in turn, could adversely affect our ability to successfully carry out our business strategy and could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operations. 16 Our continued initiatives to increase operating efficiencies may not be successful in offsetting any future inflationary pressures on our operating costs and capital expenditures. We have undertaken (and continue to undertake) initiatives to increase our drilling, completions and operating efficiencies and improve the performance of our wells. Such initiatives include (among others): (i) our downhole drilling motor program; (ii) enhanced techniques for completing our wells; (iii) drilling extended laterals; and (iv) our self-sourced sand program. In addition, from time to time (when available and advantageous), we enter into agreements with service providers to secure the costs and availability of certain drilling and completions services we utilize as part of our operations. We plan to continue these initiatives and actions. However, such efforts may not be successful or may not be sufficient to offset the impacts of any future inflationary pressures (such as from tariffs, other trade barriers or other macroeconomic factors) on our operating costs and capital expenditures and, in turn, on our cash flows and results of operations. For additional discussion, see ITEM 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Overview – Recent Developments. Reserve estimates depend on many interpretations and assumptions. Any significant inaccuracies in these interpretations and assumptions could cause the reported quantities of our reserves to be materially misstated. Estimating quantities of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas reserves and the future net cash flows from such reserves is a complex, inexact process. It requires interpretations of available technical data and various assumptions, including assumptions relating to economic factors, made by our management. Any significant inaccuracies in these interpretations or assumptions could cause the reported quantities of our reserves and future net cash flows from such reserves to be overstated or understated. Also, the data for a given reservoir may also change substantially over time as a result of numerous factors, including, but not limited to, additional development activity, evolving production history, crude oil and condensate, NGLs and natural gas prices, continual reassessment of the viability of production under varying economic conditions and improvements and other changes in geological, geophysical and engineering evaluation methods. To prepare estimates of our economically recoverable crude oil, NGLs and natural gas reserves and future net cash flows from our reserves, we analyze many variable factors, such as historical production from the area compared with production rates from other producing areas. We also analyze available geological, geophysical, production and engineering data, and the extent, quality and reliability of this data can vary. The process also involves economic assumptions relating to commodity prices, production costs, gathering, processing, compression, storage and transportation costs, severance, ad valorem and other applicable taxes, capital expenditures and workover and remedial costs. Many of these factors are or may be beyond our control. The quantities of reserves ultimately recovered and the future net cash flows from such reserves most likely will vary from our estimates. Any significant variance, including any significant downward revisions (“write-downs”) to our existing reserve estimates, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and, in turn, the trading price of our common stock. For related discussion, see ITEM 2, Properties - Oil and Gas Exploration and Production - Properties and Reserves and Supplemental Information to Consolidated Financial Statements. If we fail to acquire or find sufficient additional reserves over time, our reserves and production will decline from their current levels. The rate of production from crude oil and natural gas properties generally declines as reserves are produced. Except to the extent that we conduct successful exploration, exploitation and development activities resulting in additional reserves, acquire additional properties containing reserves or, through engineering studies, identify additional behind-pipe zones or secondary recovery reserves, our reserves will decline as they are produced. Maintaining our production of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas at, or increasing our production from, current levels, is, therefore, highly dependent upon our level of success in acquiring or finding additional reserves, which may be adversely impacted by bans or restrictions on leasing and/or drilling. To the extent we are unsuccessful in acquiring or finding additional reserves, our future cash flows and results of operations and, in turn, the trading price of our common stock could be materially and adversely affected. 17 Our ability to declare and pay regular or special dividends on our common stock and repurchase shares of our common stock is subject to certain factors and considerations. Regular and special dividends on our common stock and repurchases of our common stock are authorized and determined by our Board in its sole discretion and depend upon a number of factors and considerations, including: • cash available for dividends or share repurchases; • our results of operations and anticipated future results of operations; • our financial condition, especially in relation to the anticipated future capital expenditures and other commitments requiring cash necessary to conduct our operations and carry out our business strategy; • our operating costs; • the levels of dividends paid by comparable companies; and • other factors our Board deems relevant. We expect to continue to pay dividends to our stockholders; however, our payment of dividends in the future is solely within the discretion of our Board. Accordingly, our Board may reduce our dividends or cease declaring dividends at any time, including if it determines that our current or forecasted future cash flows provided by our operating activities (after deducting our capital expenditures and other commitments requiring cash) are not sufficient to pay our desired levels of dividends to our stockholders or to pay dividends to our stockholders at all. Any reduction in the amount of dividends we pay to stockholders could have an adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. In November 2021, our Board established a share repurchase authorization allowing for the repurchase by us of up to $5 billion of our common stock, which was subsequently increased by the Board, from $5 billion to $10 billion, in November 2024 (Share Repurchase Authorization). Beginning in March 2023, we have repurchased shares from time to time under the Share Repurchase Authorization. The timing and amount of repurchases is at the discretion of our management and depends on a variety of factors, including the trading price of our common stock, corporate and regulatory requirements, other market and economic conditions, the availability of cash to effect repurchases and our anticipated future capital expenditures and other commitments requiring cash. For further discussion regarding the Share Repurchase Authorization and our share repurchases thereunder, see ITEM 5, “Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities” below. Our hedging activities may prevent us from fully benefiting from increases in crude oil, NGLs and natural gas prices and may expose us to other risks, including counterparty risk, and our future production may not be sufficiently protected from any declines in commodity prices by our existing or future hedging arrangements. We use financial derivative instruments (primarily financial basis swap, price swap, option, swaption and collar contracts) and, in certain cases, fixed price physical sales contracts to hedge the impact of fluctuations in crude oil, NGLs and natural gas prices on our results of operations and cash flows. To the extent that we engage in hedging activities to protect ourselves against commodity price declines, we may be prevented from fully realizing the benefits of increases in crude oil, NGLs and natural gas prices above the prices established by our hedging contracts. Further, a majority of our forecasted production for 2026 is subject to fluctuating market prices. To the extent we do not hedge our production volumes for 2026 and beyond, we may be materially and adversely impacted by any declines in commodity prices, which may result in lower net cash provided by our operating activities. In addition, our hedging activities may expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances, including instances in which the counterparties to our financial derivative instruments fail to perform under the contracts. The inability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to satisfy their obligations to us may have a material and adverse effect on us. We have various customers for the crude oil, natural gas and related commodities that we produce as well as various other contractual counterparties, including financial institutions and affiliates of financial institutions. Domestic and global economic conditions, including the financial condition of financial institutions generally, may adversely affect the ability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to pay amounts owed to us from time to time and to otherwise satisfy their contractual obligations to us, as well as their ability to access the credit and capital markets for such purposes. 18 Moreover, our customers and other contractual counterparties may be unable to satisfy their contractual obligations to us for reasons unrelated to these conditions and factors, such as (i) the unavailability of required facilities or equipment due to mechanical failure or market conditions or (ii) financial, operational or strategic actions taken by the customer or counterparty that adversely impact its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and, in turn, its ability to satisfy its contractual obligations to us. Furthermore, if a customer is unable to satisfy its contractual obligation to purchase crude oil, natural gas or related commodities from us, we may be unable to sell such production to another customer on terms we consider acceptable, if at all, due to the geographic location of such production; the availability, proximity and capacity of appropriate gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation, export, liquefaction and refining facilities; or market or other factors and conditions. The inability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to pay amounts owed to us and/or to otherwise satisfy their contractual obligations to us may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to our Operations Drilling crude oil and natural gas wells is a high-risk activity and subjects us to a variety of risks that we cannot control. Drilling crude oil and natural gas wells involves numerous risks, including the risk that we may not encounter commercially productive crude oil, NGLs and/or natural gas reserves. As a result, we may not recover all or any portion of our investment in new wells. Specifically, we often are uncertain as to the future cost or timing of drilling, completing and operating wells, and our drilling and completions operations and those of our third-party operators may be curtailed, delayed or canceled, the cost of such operations may increase and/or our results of operations and cash flows from such operations may be impacted, as a result of a variety of factors, including: • unexpected drilling conditions; • leasehold title problems; • pressure or irregularities in formations; • equipment failures or accidents; • adverse weather events, such as winter storms, flooding, wildfires, tropical storms and hurricanes, and other natural disasters, which may be exacerbated by climate change; • compliance with, or changes in (including the adoption of new), environmental, health and safety laws and regulations relating to air emissions, hydraulic fracturing, access to and use of water, disposal or other discharge (e.g., into injection wells) of produced water, drilling fluids and other wastes, laws and regulations imposing conditions or restrictions on drilling and completion operations and on the transportation of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas, and other laws and regulations, such as tax laws and regulations; • the availability and timely issuance of required federal, state, tribal and other permits and licenses, which may be adversely affected by (among other things) bans or restrictions on drilling, government shutdowns or other suspensions of, or delays in, government services; • the availability of, costs associated with, and terms of contractual arrangements for properties, including mineral licenses and leases, pipelines, crude oil hauling trucks and qualified drivers and facilities and equipment to gather, process, compress, store, transport, market and export crude oil, NGLs and natural gas and related commodities; and • the costs of, or shortages or delays in the availability of, drilling rigs, hydraulic fracturing services, pressure pumping equipment and supplies, tubular materials, water, sand, disposal facilities, qualified personnel and other necessary facilities, equipment, materials, supplies and services. Our failure to recover our investment in wells, increases in the costs of our drilling and completions operations or those of our third-party operators, and/or curtailments, delays or cancellations of our drilling and completions operations or those of our third-party operators, in each case, due to any of the above factors or other factors, may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For related discussion of the risks and potential losses and liabilities inherent in our crude oil and natural gas operations generally, see the immediately following risk factor. 19 Our crude oil, NGLs and natural gas operations and supporting activities and operations involve many risks and expose us to potential losses and liabilities, and insurance may not fully protect us against these risks and potential losses and liabilities. Our crude oil, NGLs and natural gas operations and supporting activities and operations are subject to all of the risks associated with exploring and drilling for, and producing, gathering, processing, compressing, storing, transporting and exporting crude oil, NGLs and natural gas, including the risks of: • well blowouts and cratering; • loss of well control; • crude oil spills, natural gas leaks, formation water (i.e., produced water) spills and pipeline ruptures; • pipe failures and casing collapses; • uncontrollable flows of crude oil, natural gas, formation water or drilling fluids; • releases of chemicals, wastes or pollutants; • adverse weather events, such as winter storms, flooding, wildfires, tropical storms and hurricanes, and other natural disasters, which may be exacerbated by climate change; • fires and explosions; • terrorism, vandalism and physical, electronic and cyber breaches and related threats; • formations with abnormal or unexpected pressures; • leaks or spills in connection with, or associated with, the gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation and export of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas; and • malfunctions of, or damage to, gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation and export facilities and equipment and other facilities and equipment utilized in support of our crude oil and natural gas operations. If any of these events occur, we could incur losses, liabilities and other costs as a result of: • injury or loss of life; • damage to, or destruction of, property, facilities, equipment and crude oil and natural gas reservoirs; • pollution or other environmental damage; • regulatory investigations, penalties and injunctions as well as cleanup and remediation responsibilities and costs; • the lack of availability of, or access to, necessary third-party services and facilities, such as gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation and export services and facilities; • loss of production due to temporary cessation of our operations (for example, to conduct repairs necessary to resume operations) or damage to necessary facilities and equipment; and • compliance with laws and regulations enacted as a result of such events. We maintain insurance against many, but not all, such losses and liabilities in accordance with what we believe are customary industry practices and in amounts and at costs that we believe to be prudent and commercially practicable. However, the occurrence of any of these events and any losses or liabilities incurred as a result of such events, if uninsured or in excess of our insurance coverage, would reduce the funds available to us for our operations and could, in turn, have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, in the future, we may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates or at all. As a result of market conditions, premiums, retentions and deductibles for our insurance policies will change over time and could increase. In addition, some forms of insurance may become unavailable or unavailable on economically acceptable terms. 20 Our ability to sell and deliver our crude oil, NGLs and natural gas production could be materially and adversely affected if adequate gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation, refining, liquefaction and export facilities and equipment are unavailable. The sale of our crude oil, NGLs and natural gas production depends on a number of factors beyond our control, including the availability, proximity and capacity of, and costs associated with, gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation, refining, liquefaction and export facilities and equipment owned by third parties. These facilities and equipment may be temporarily unavailable to us due to market conditions, supply chain disruptions, regulatory reasons, mechanical reasons or other factors or conditions, and may not be available to us in the future on terms we consider acceptable, if at all. In particular, in certain newer plays, the capacity of gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation, refining, liquefaction and export facilities and equipment may not be sufficient to accommodate potential production from existing and new wells. In addition, lack of financing, construction and permitting delays, permitting costs and regulatory or other constraints could limit or delay the construction, manufacture or other acquisition of new gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation, refining, liquefaction and export facilities and equipment by third parties or us, and we may experience delays or increased costs in accessing the pipelines, gathering systems or transportation systems necessary to transport our production to points of sale or delivery. Any significant change in market or other conditions affecting gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation, refining, liquefaction and export facilities and equipment or the availability of these facilities and equipment, including due to our failure or inability to obtain access to these facilities and equipment on terms acceptable to us or at all, could materially and adversely affect our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. A portion of our crude oil, NGLs and natural gas production may be subject to interruptions that could have a material and adverse effect on us. A portion of our crude oil, NGLs and natural gas production may be interrupted, or shut in, from time to time for various reasons, including, but not limited to, as a result of accidents, weather conditions or natural disasters, the unavailability of gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation, refining, liquefaction or export facilities or equipment or field labor issues, or intentionally as a result of market conditions such as crude oil, NGLs or natural gas prices that we deem uneconomic. If a substantial amount of our production is interrupted or shut in, our cash flows and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our operations are substantially dependent upon the availability of water. Restrictions or limitations on our ability to obtain water may have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Water is an essential component of our operations, both during drilling operations and completions operations. Limitations or restrictions on our ability to secure sufficient amounts of water (including limitations resulting from natural causes such as drought) could materially and adversely impact our operations. Further, severe drought conditions can result in local authorities taking steps to restrict the use of water in their jurisdiction for drilling and completions in order to protect the local water supply. If we are unable to obtain water to use in our operations from local sources, we may need to obtain water from sources that are more distant from our drilling sites, resulting in increased costs, which could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If we acquire crude oil, NGLs or natural gas properties, our failure to fully identify existing and potential issues, to accurately estimate reserves, production rates or costs, or to effectively integrate the acquired properties into our operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, we acquire crude oil and natural gas properties. Although we perform reviews of properties to be acquired in a manner that we believe are diligent and consistent with industry practices, reviews of records and properties may not necessarily reveal existing or potential issues (such as title defects or environmental issues), nor may they permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the properties in order to fully assess their deficiencies and potential. Even when issues with a property are identified, we often may assume environmental and other risks and liabilities in connection with acquired properties pursuant to the acquisition agreements. 21 In addition, there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas reserves (as discussed further above), actual future production rates and associated costs with respect to acquired properties. Actual reserves, production rates and costs may vary substantially from those assumed in our estimates. In addition, an acquisition may have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, particularly during the periods in which the operations of the acquired properties are being integrated into our ongoing operations or if we are unable to effectively integrate the acquired properties into our ongoing operations or achieve anticipated synergies. Competition in the oil and gas exploration and production industry is intense, and some of our competitors have greater resources than we have. We compete with major integrated oil and gas companies, government-affiliated oil and gas companies and other independent oil and gas companies for the acquisition of licenses, concessions and leases, properties and reserves and access to the facilities, equipment, materials, services and employees and other personnel (including geologists, geophysicists, engineers and other specialists) necessary to explore for, develop, produce, market and transport crude oil, NGLs and natural gas. Certain of our competitors have financial and other resources substantially greater than those we possess and have established strategic long-term positions or strong governmental relationships in countries or areas in which we may seek new or expanded entry. As a consequence, we may be at a competitive disadvantage in certain respects, such as in bidding for drilling rights or in accessing and retaining necessary services, facilities, equipment, materials and personnel. In addition, our larger competitors may have a competitive advantage when responding to factors that affect demand for crude oil, NGLs and natural gas, such as changing worldwide prices and levels of production and the cost and availability of alternative fuels. We also face competition from alternative energy sources, such as renewable energy sources. Risks Related to Sustainability, Regulatory and Legal Matters Developments and concerns related to climate change may have a material and adverse effect on us. Governmental and regulatory bodies, investors, consumers, industry and other stakeholders have been focused on climate change matters in recent years. For example, (i) in March 2024, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) finalized extensive climate-related disclosure rules that would require U.S. public companies to significantly expand the climate-related disclosures in their SEC filings (although these rules have been stayed in abeyance by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit until such time as the SEC reconsiders the challenged rules by notice-and-comment rulemaking or renews its defense of the rules), (ii) in September 2023, California passed climate-related disclosure mandates which are broader than the SEC's final rules and (iii) in November 2023, the European Union approved methane emissions limits on crude oil and natural gas imports beginning in 2030. This focus, together with changes in consumer and industrial/commercial behavior, preferences and attitudes with respect to the generation and consumption of energy, the use of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas and the use of products manufactured with, or powered by, crude oil, NGLs and natural gas, may result in (i) the enactment of climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives (at the government, corporate and/or investor community levels), including alternative energy requirements, energy conservation measures and emissions-related legislation, (ii) technological advances with respect to the generation, transmission, storage and consumption of energy (e.g., wind, solar and hydrogen power, smart grid technology and battery technology) and (iii) increased availability of, and increased consumer and industrial/commercial demand for, non-hydrocarbon energy sources (e.g., alternative energy sources. such as renewable energy sources) and products manufactured with, or powered by, non-hydrocarbon sources (e.g., electric vehicles and renewable residential and commercial power supplies). These developments may adversely affect the demand for products manufactured with, or powered by, crude oil, NGLs and natural gas and the demand for, and in turn the prices of, the crude oil, NGLs and natural gas that we sell. See the risk factors above for a discussion of the impact of commodity prices (including fluctuations in commodity prices) on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition to potentially adversely affecting the demand for, and prices of, the crude oil, NGLs and natural gas that we produce and sell, such developments may also adversely impact, among other things, the availability to us of necessary third-party services and facilities that we rely on, which may increase our operational costs and adversely affect our ability to explore for, produce, transport and process crude oil, NGLs and natural gas and successfully carry out our business strategy. For further discussion of the potential impact of such availability-related risks on our financial condition and results of operations, see the discussion in the section above entitled "Risks Related to our Operations." 22 Further, climate change-related developments (such as the climate-related disclosure mandates referenced above) may result in negative perceptions of the oil and gas industry and, in turn, reputational risks associated with the exploration for, and production of, hydrocarbons. Such negative perceptions and reputational risks may adversely affect our ability to successfully carry out our business strategy, for example, by adversely affecting the availability and cost of capital to us. For further discussion of the potential impact of such risks on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, see the discussion below in this section and in the section above entitled "Risks Related to Our Operations." In addition, the enactment of climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives (at the government, corporate and/or investor community levels) may also result in increases in our compliance costs and other operating costs. For further discussion regarding the risks to us of climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives, see the discussion in this section. Also, continuing political and social concerns relating to climate change may have adverse effects on our business and operations, such as a greater potential for shareholder activism, governmental inquiries and enforcement actions and litigation (including, but not limited to, litigation brought by governmental entities and shareholder litigation) and resulting expenses and potential disruption to our day-to-day operations. Regulatory, legislative and policy changes may materially and adversely affect the oil and gas exploration and production industry. New or revised rules, regulations and policies may be issued, and new legislation may be enacted, that could impact the oil and gas exploration and production industry. Such rules, regulations, policies and legislation may affect, among other things, (i) permitting for oil and gas drilling on state, tribal and federal lands, (ii) the leasing of state, tribal and federal lands for oil and gas development, (iii) the regulation and disclosure of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and/or other climate change-related matters associated with oil and gas operations, (iv) the use of hydraulic fracturing on state, tribal and federal lands, (v) the calculation of royalty payments in respect of oil and gas production from state, tribal and federal lands (including, but not limited to, applicable royalty percentages), (vi) U.S. federal income tax laws applicable to oil and gas exploration and production companies and (vii) the use of financial derivative instruments to hedge the financial impact of fluctuations in crude oil, NGLs and natural gas prices. Further, such regulatory, legislative and policy changes may, among other things, result in additional permitting and disclosure requirements, additional operating restrictions and/or the imposition of various conditions and restrictions on drilling and completions operations or other aspects of our business, any of which could lead to operational delays, increased operating and compliance costs and/or other impacts on our business and operations and could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and capital expenditures. For related discussion, see the below risk factors regarding legislative and regulatory matters impacting the oil and gas exploration and production industry and the discussion in ITEM 1, Business - Regulation. We incur certain costs to comply with government regulations, particularly regulations relating to environmental protection and safety, and could incur even greater costs in the future. Our crude oil, NGLs and natural gas operations and supporting activities are regulated extensively by federal, state, tribal and local governments and regulatory agencies, both domestically and in the foreign countries in which we do business, and are subject to interruption or termination by governmental and regulatory authorities based on environmental, health, safety or other considerations. Moreover, we have incurred and will continue to incur costs in our efforts to comply with the requirements of environmental, health, safety and other regulations. Further, the regulatory environment could change in ways that we cannot predict and that might substantially increase our costs of compliance and/or adversely affect our business and operations and, in turn, materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and capital expenditures. Specifically, as a current or past owner or lessee and operator of crude oil and natural gas properties, we are subject to various federal, state, tribal, local and foreign regulations relating to the discharge of materials into, and the protection of, the environment. These regulations may, among other things, impose liability on us for the cost of pollution cleanup resulting from current or past operations, subject us to liability for pollution damages and require suspension or cessation of operations in affected areas. Changes in, or additions to, these regulations, could lead to increased operating and compliance costs and, in turn, materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and capital expenditures. 23 The regulation of hydraulic fracturing is primarily conducted at the state and local level through permitting and other compliance requirements and, further, some state and local governments have imposed or have considered imposing various conditions and restrictions on drilling and completions operations. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (U.S. EPA) has, however, issued certain regulations relating to hydraulic fracturing and there have been various other proposals to regulate hydraulic fracturing at the federal level. Any new requirements, restrictions, conditions or prohibitions could lead to operational delays and increased operating and compliance costs and, further, could delay or effectively prevent the development of crude oil and natural gas from formations which would not be economically viable without the use of hydraulic fracturing. Accordingly, our production of crude oil and natural gas could be materially and adversely affected. For additional discussion regarding hydraulic fracturing regulation, see Regulation of Hydraulic Fracturing and Other Operations - United States under ITEM 1, Business - Regulation. We will continue to monitor and assess any proposed or new policies, legislation, regulations and treaties in the areas where we operate to determine the impact on our operations and take appropriate actions, where necessary. We are unable to predict the timing, scope and effect of any currently proposed or future laws, regulations or treaties, but the direct and indirect costs of such laws, regulations and treaties (if enacted) could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and capital expenditures. Regulations, gov
[...TRUNCATED...]