TICKER=EPAM|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/EPAM_2026-02-26.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. Listed below, not necessarily in order of importance or probability of occurrence, are the most significant risk factors applicable to us. Additionally, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. See “Forward-Looking Statements.” Risks Related to Geopolitical Events Instability in geographies where we have significant operations and personnel or where we derive substantial amounts of revenue could have a material adverse effect on our business, clients, service delivery, and financial results. Volatile, negative, and uncertain global macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions have and could continue to reduce confidence in our business and our delivery model and in the businesses and markets served by our clients. Markets that are important for both our clients and our delivery operations are increasingly interdependent. Uncertainty about changing economic and geopolitical conditions in those markets has caused, and could continue to cause, our clients to reduce or defer their spending on new initiatives, technologies, and on our services, which negatively affects our business. 9 Table of Contents Civil, military, political, energy, and macroeconomic uncertainty exists and may increase in many of the global regions where we operate and where we derive our revenues. Our ability to counter or attenuate the negative impacts of such global forces on our business is limited. With respect to geopolitical instability, we have developed business continuity plans that are designed to ensure that we have adequate processes and practices in place to protect the safety of our people and to respond to foreseeable impacts on our delivery capabilities, but our crisis management procedures, business continuity plans, and disaster recovery capabilities may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of prolonged, unanticipated, or multiple crises, such as civil unrest, energy instability and a pandemic in multiple geographies at the same time. Increased operations, service delivery, and hiring in existing or new geographies to counter geopolitical instability in or near our delivery operations, including in more developed economies, has and is likely to continue to increase our expenses, especially compensation expenses for technology professionals in those geographies, which could reduce the profitability of our business. Disruptions in the regions where we operate have and could continue to pose security risks to our people, our facilities, our operations, and the infrastructure we use. Further disruption could materially adversely affect our operations and financial results, cause additional volatility in the price of our stock, and reduce our profitability. If prolonged civil unrest, political instability or uncertainty, military activities, or broad-based sanctions or counter-sanctions continue for the long-term or escalate in any of the countries in which we operate, we would need to further rebalance our geographic concentrations, which could have a material adverse effect on our personnel, operations, financial results and business outlook. The invasion of Ukraine and the resulting war has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our personnel, business, and finances. We have significant operations and personnel in Ukraine and Belarus. Ongoing conflict and disruption in the region following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our operations, personnel, business, clients, service delivery, and financial results. In particular, as of December 31, 2025, approximately 14,100 of our global delivery, administrative and support personnel were based in Ukraine and Belarus, both of which are involved in or affected by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. While a significant number of our employees from Belarus and from our former operations in Russia have relocated since the Russian invasion, we expect to continue operating in Ukraine, Belarus and in bordering Eastern Europe and Central Asia countries. All of these countries currently are, and in the future may be, adversely impacted by regional instability. Any escalation of the conflict that includes Belarus or its military could jeopardize our personnel, facilities, and operations in Belarus. In addition to a significant number of personnel and operations in Ukraine, we also own an office building in Kyiv and lease office space in a number of cities in Ukraine, all or some of which may be damaged or destroyed as a result of the continued attacks against Ukraine. The impact of any escalation on Ukraine, as well as responses by countries that provide military aid to Ukraine or institute sanctions against officials, individuals, institutions, companies, and industries in Belarus and in the annexed portions of Ukraine, and counter-responses taken by Russia and its allied countries has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our operations. In order to protect against potential cyberattacks or other information security threats, some of our clients have implemented steps to block internet communications with Ukraine and Belarus, which has had a material adverse effect on our ability to deliver our services from those locations to those clients. Our clients have sought and may continue to seek altered contract terms and delivery locations for the performance of services, delay planned work, seek services from competitors, or suspend, terminate, or reduce existing contracts or services, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. The material adverse effects from the conflict and enhanced sanction and counter-sanctions activity have caused us to shift portions of our delivery capabilities to other countries and may continue to disrupt our delivery of services and restrict our ability to engage in certain projects or with certain clients. We have no way to predict the progress or outcome of the war in Ukraine, any cease fire or other end to active fighting, or their impacts in Belarus or the region because the conflict and government reactions are rapidly changing and beyond our control. If the military conflict, sanctions, and counter-sanctions in Ukraine, Belarus, and the surrounding region continue for the long-term or escalate, we could be required to further rebalance our geographic concentrations and it could have a material adverse effect on our personnel, operations, financial results and business outlook. 10 Table of Contents Risks Related to Artificial Intelligence If we are unable to keep pace with the adoption and use of AI technology in our business and effectively implement AI in our workforce planning and deployment, we could become less competitive in our industry. We have been incorporating AI into our products, services, and business, both due to client demand and because we expect that integrating AI into our services is a competitive requirement in a rapidly evolving market. We have made significant investments to build and support AI capabilities, products, and services to meet clients’ needs and remain competitive in our industry and expect to make additional investments in the future. If we are unable or slow to develop, adopt, and deploy AI technologies in our business, we will not remain competitive in our industry, and the growth we are expecting to realize from AI-related services may not materialize. AI technologies have changed how we identify, recruit, hire, retain, and efficiently utilize our professionals and are changing how we perform and charge for services. Our clients have asked, and may come to expect, that we use AI along with human delivery personnel to develop software for them at comparatively lower costs than software developed solely by our human delivery personnel. If comparable services can be performed less expensively using AI, clients may seek other service providers or expect price concessions to retain their business, which could adversely affect our financial results. As we plan, develop, and implement changes to our delivery model to balance those services that can only be performed by humans against those that can be performed by leveraging AI, we may have insufficient or excess delivery personnel than required by client demand. Increased Adoption of AI-Based Software Tools May Reduce Demand for Our Services Rapidly evolving digital technology innovations, such as AI, machine learning, hyperautomation, low-code/no-code application development, system observability, and predictive insights are creating new forms of competition to our services. These innovations may reduce the need for our services and the services of our clients that develop software and software-as-a-service for their end users. AI, large language model, and machine learning technologies enable clients and potential clients to develop, customize, and maintain software solutions internally and could reduce reliance on third-party service providers such as EPAM and our clients that are software product vendors. Industry-specific plug-ins and agentic features of existing AI software can perform tasks that may replace the need for specialized software to perform common business processes, such as financial analysis, due diligence, and software coding. Our current and prospective clients have and may continue to use AI-powered tools to create or modify software applications themselves, or elect to replace traditional software with agentic AI, rather than purchasing our services or licensing software from our clients. Increased competition, or the perception of increased competition, from new and non-traditional market participants like AI-based task-specific tools, has negatively impacted the price of our stock. If a significant number of our existing or future clients employ AI-driven tools as a replacement for our services or the software we build, our revenues, anticipated growth and prospects, our financial condition, and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Risks Related to Our Personnel and Growth We may be unable to effectively manage our growth or achieve anticipated growth, which could place significant strain on our management, systems, resources, and results of operations. We have experienced uneven growth and decline, expansion, and geographic shifts in our business over the past several years. Our growth and expansion have been both organic and through strategic acquisitions and investments and has resulted in part from managing larger and more complex projects for our clients and clients seeking to incorporate new technologies, such as AI, into their businesses. Consequently, we have and may continue to invest substantial amounts of cash in human capital, technology, and the infrastructure to support these projects, including training, administration, and opening facilities in existing and new geographies. Our growth has significantly slowed at times, particularly during 2023 and the first half of 2024, due to reduced client demand resulting primarily from uncertain macroeconomic conditions. Rapid growth followed by decreased demand placed significant strain on our management and our administrative, operational and financial infrastructure, and created and may continue to create challenges, including: • recruiting, training and retaining sufficiently skilled professionals and management personnel while balancing headcount with client requirements; • balancing an increase in the number of experienced personnel that have correspondingly higher billing rates against hiring, training, and deploying less experienced personnel at the lower rates sought by clients; • planning and maintaining resource utilization rates consistently and efficiently using on-site, off-site, near shore, and offshore staffing across our geographic mix of resources; 11 Table of Contents • developing and maintaining close and effective relationships with potential and existing clients in a greater number of industries and locations; • controlling costs and minimizing cost overruns and project delays in our delivery operations and infrastructure; • effectively maintaining productivity levels and implementing process improvements across geographies and businesses during periods of uneven client demand; and • evolving our information security and our internal administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. If clients do not choose us for large and complex projects or we do not effectively manage those projects, our reputation may be damaged and we will not realize our business and financial goals that support new investments and infrastructure projects. We have and will continue to invest in new lines of business, such as AI, expanded consulting services, and in new geographies. As we introduce new services, enter into new markets and new client relationships, and take on increasingly large and complex projects, our business will face new risks and challenges. Expansion into direct-to-consumer offerings in the highly regulated education industry and joint venture relationships with our clients could result in increased liability, start-up, and compliance costs. If the challenges associated with expansion and new investments negatively impact our anticipated growth and margins, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We must successfully attract, hire, train and retain qualified personnel to service our clients’ projects and we must productively utilize those personnel to remain profitable. Identifying, recruiting, hiring and retaining professionals with skill sets that meet our existing and anticipated demand across our business is critical to maintaining existing engagements and obtaining new business but has become more challenging in changing economic and labor climates. If we are unable to recruit professionals with the skills required by our business and if we do not productively deploy our professionals, infrastructure, and fixed-cost resources productively, our profitability will be significantly impacted. Additionally, if we are unable to effectively train existing personnel to develop new skills, our ability to win new work and implement new technologies in client projects may be impaired. We must manage the utilization levels of our professionals by effectively planning for future needs and staffing projects appropriately while accurately predicting the general economy, the geographies and locations where our personnel will be needed, and our clients’ need for our services. If we are unable to attract, hire, train, and retain highly skilled personnel and productively deploy them on client projects, we will jeopardize our ability to meet our clients’ expectations and develop current and future business, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Competition for highly skilled professionals and wage expectations is intense in the markets where we operate or plan to operate, and we may experience significant employee turnover rates or recruiting challenges due to such competition. If we are unable to retain professionals with specialized skills and deploy those professionals at profitable rates that our clients are willing to pay, our revenues, operating efficiency and profitability will decrease, as will our ability to meet emerging technological developments. Cost reductions, such as reducing headcount or voluntary departures that result from our failure to retain the professionals we hire, negatively affect our reputation as an employer and our ability to hire personnel to meet our business requirements. We may be unable to increase the prices that our clients are willing to pay at a rate that is commensurate with the increasing compensation levels we need to pay to retain our existing personnel and hire new personnel, which may also have an adverse impact on our profitability. There may be adverse tax and employment law consequences if the independent contractor status of some of our personnel or the exempt status of our employees is successfully challenged. In several countries, some of our personnel or the personnel of companies that we acquired are retained as independent contractors. Determining whether an individual is considered an independent contractor or an employee is typically fact sensitive, varies by jurisdiction, and is subject to interpretation. If a government authority changes the applicable laws or a court makes an adverse determination with respect to independent contractors in general or our independent contractors specifically, we could incur significant costs, including for prior periods, related to tax withholding, social security taxes or payments, workers’ compensation and unemployment contributions, and recordkeeping, or we may be required to modify our business model, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and increase the difficulty of attracting and retaining personnel. 12 Table of Contents Our success depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our senior executives and other key personnel, and our business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services and our succession planning efforts are ineffective. Our success heavily depends upon the continued services of our senior executives and other key employees. If one or more of our senior executives or key employees are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them easily or at all. If any of our senior executives or key personnel joins a competitor or forms a competing company, they may take clients, suppliers, know-how and our personnel with them despite contractual prohibitions on such activity. Enforcing or attempting to enforce restrictive employment covenants can require significant costs and resources and is not always successful. If we are unable to attract new senior executives or key personnel due to the intense competition for talent in our industry, it could disrupt our business operations and growth. Although we regularly perform succession planning efforts and create contingencies addressing the risks of losing senior executives and other key personnel, those efforts may be ineffective when or if they are deployed. If we fail to integrate or manage acquired companies efficiently and effectively, or if acquisitions do not perform to our expectations individually or in the aggregate, our overall profitability and growth plans could be materially adversely affected. Strategic acquisitions involve significant risks but remain a key part of our growth strategy. Acquired companies may not advance our business strategy or achieve a satisfactory return on our investment, we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired employees, businesses, company cultures, client relationships, or operations, and we may not discover significant liabilities in our due diligence or valuation processes. In addition, we may need to implement controls, processes, and policies in our acquired companies so they are consistent and appropriate with the requirements of a multi-national public company especially in areas such as financial reporting, cybersecurity, IT, and privacy, and may rely on transition services from the sellers until we are able to implement those controls, processes, and policies. Our acquired companies’ contracts with their clients sometimes lack terms and conditions that adequately protect us against the risks associated with the services we provide, and our acquired companies’ legacy business operations and contract terms can expose us to potential liability. Acquisitions also divert significant management attention and financial resources from our ongoing business and from the integration of other recently acquired companies. If not effectively managed, the disruption to our ongoing business increases our expenses, including significant one-time expenses and costs related to unknown liabilities, including tax, litigation, cybersecurity, and commercial risks, and creates difficulty and complexity when integrating acquired operations that can adversely affect our overall growth and profitability. Risks Related to Our Operations Increases in wages, equity compensation, and other compensation expenses could limit our competitive advantage, increase our costs, and result in dilution to our stockholders. Wages for technology professionals in the emerging markets where we have significant operations and delivery centers are typically lower than comparable wages in more developed countries. However, wages in general, and in the technology industry in emerging markets in particular, have increased and will make us less competitive if we are not able to increase the efficiency and productivity of our people. Wage inflation, whether driven by competition for talent, ordinary course pay increases, prevailing wages in a specific geography, or broader market forces, all increase our cost of providing services and reduce our profitability when we are not able to pass those costs on to our clients or adjust prices when justified by market demand. In addition, there are significant expenses associated with issuing equity under our stock-based compensation programs, and changes to our equity compensation practices and programs can affect our ability to attract and retain talent. Our operations in emerging markets subject us to greater economic, financial, and banking risks than we would face in more developed markets. We have significant operations in emerging market economies in Central and Eastern Europe, Latin and South America, India, Western Asia, and certain other Asian countries, all of which are more vulnerable to market and economic volatility than larger and more developed markets and present risks to our business and operations. A majority of our revenues are generated in North America and Western Europe. However, most of our personnel and delivery centers are located outside of those geographies, including in many emerging markets. This exposes us to foreign exchange risks relating to revenues, compensation, purchases, capital expenditures, receivables and other balance-sheet items. As we continue to leverage and expand our global delivery model into other emerging markets, a larger portion of our revenues and incurred expenses may be in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Currency exchange volatility caused by economic instability or other factors could materially impact our results. See “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.” 13 Table of Contents We have cash in banks in countries such as Belarus, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Georgia, Armenia, India, Argentina, and Uzbekistan, where the banking sector generally does not meet the banking standards of more developed markets, bank deposits made by corporate entities are not insured, and the banking system remains subject to instability, sanctions, and changes in regulations that complicate business transactions. Some of the countries where we operate have sanctioned certain of the banks that we use in emerging market economies, which has delayed our intercompany payments and payments to vendors and could delay or prevent receipts from clients. Further elongation or escalation of the military conflict in Ukraine could contribute to a banking crisis in Ukraine, Belarus, or the region. A banking crisis, or the bankruptcy or insolvency of one or more of our banks may result in the loss of our deposits or adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to complete banking transactions in that region. In addition, some countries where we operate and some banks that we use have imposed regulatory or practical restrictions on the movement of cash and the exchange of foreign currencies within their banking systems or to other banking systems, which limits or could eliminate our ability to distribute cash from those countries across our global operations and increases our exposure to currency fluctuations and regional banking instability. Emerging market vulnerability, and especially its impact on currency exchange volatility and banking systems, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to compete successfully against others in our industry, pricing pressures or loss of market share could have a material adverse effect on our business. The market for our services is highly competitive and we expect competition to persist and intensify, especially as we and our competitors develop AI capabilities and specialties. We face competition from offshore IT services providers in other outsourcing destinations with low wage costs, as well as competition from large, global consulting and outsourcing firms and in-house IT departments of large corporations. Clients tend to engage multiple IT services providers instead of using an exclusive IT services provider, which limits our revenues and market share and places downward pressure on pricing among competing IT services providers. Clients may prefer service providers that have more locations, more personnel, more experience in a particular country, market, or technology, or that are based in countries that are more cost-competitive or have the perception of being more stable than some of the emerging markets in which we operate. Some of our competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing or technical resources and we may be unable to retain our clients or successfully attract new clients. Increased competition, our inability to compete successfully, pricing pressures or loss of market share could have a material adverse effect on our business. Complying with a wide variety of legal requirements in the jurisdictions where we operate can create risks to our operations and financial condition, including liquidation of the subsidiaries that operate some of our major delivery centers. Our global operations require us to comply with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, trade and foreign exchange restrictions, sanctions, inflation, unstable civil, political and military situations, labor issues, and legal systems that make it more difficult to enforce intellectual property, contractual, or corporate rights. Certain legal provisions in Belarus and Ukraine, where our local subsidiaries operate important delivery centers and employ a significant number of billable and support professionals, may allow a court to order liquidation of a locally organized legal entity on the basis of its formal noncompliance with certain requirements during formation, reorganization or during its operations. Belarus has authorized government seizures of property and assets or the takeover of management of commercial organizations owned by or affiliated with specified foreign states if those states or their affiliated companies or actors commit actions deemed unfriendly to Belarus. If we fail to comply with certain requirements, including those relating to minimum net assets, governmental or local authorities can impose fines or seek the involuntary liquidation of our local subsidiaries in court, and creditors will have the right to accelerate their claims, demand early performance of legal obligations, and demand compensation for any damages. Involuntary liquidation of any of our subsidiaries could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The focus on environmental, social and governance topics, including commitments and disclosures we have made and may need to make, may result in additional operational costs and negative reputational impacts. Expectations from our clients, investors, employees, and regulators regarding our environmental, social, and governance, or ESG, strategy and commitments continue to evolve. As investor policy and sentiment changes, and regulations and legislation related to ESG disclosure and climate change initiatives are adopted or suspended regionally and globally, our compliance obligations may not be aligned with investor, political, or legal support for ESG investments, programs, and disclosure. Failure to invest in and comply with ESG initiatives and regulations could limit our access to certain markets, result in fines, or cause reputational harm, and commitment to ESG policies and programs could similarly harm our business and reputation with investors, clients, and the public and subject us to legal liability. Changes and differences in policy and laws in the various jurisdictions where we operate may require inconsistent disclosures and commitments across those jurisdictions, and regulations, treaties or initiatives related to climate change could result in increased operational costs associated with environmental regulations and increased compliance and energy costs, each of which could harm our business and results of 14 Table of Contents operations by increasing our expenses or requiring us to alter our operations. Our processes and controls may not always comply with evolving standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, including ESG-related disclosures that may be required or expected by regulation or industry norms, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. Additionally, if we are unable to meet our ESG goals and objectives, we could also face scrutiny from certain constituencies related to the scope and nature of those goals or any revisions to those goals, and we may suffer reputational harm with investors, our clients, and current or potential employees. Our operating results may be negatively impacted by the loss of certain tax benefits provided to companies in our industry by the governments of Belarus, Poland, and other countries. In Belarus, we are a member of High-Technologies Park which provides a full exemption from Belarus income and value added taxes until 2049 and reduced tax amounts on obligatory social contributions and other taxes. Poland provides a tax incentive for research and development that allows us to take enhanced deductions for specific costs for employees working on research and development projects. If the tax policies in Belarus, Poland, or other countries where we operate are changed, terminated, or not extended or comparable new tax incentives are not introduced, we expect that our operating expenses and/or our effective income tax rate could increase significantly, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Provision for Income Taxes.” Risks Related to Regulation and Legislation Existing policy and substantial changes to fiscal, political, regulatory and other federal policies may adversely affect our business and financial results. General economic or political conditions in the U.S. could adversely affect our business. U.S. policy with respect to a variety of issues, including AI, international trade agreements, conducting business offshore, inflation mitigation, interest rates, climate change, import and export regulations, tariffs and customs duties, foreign relations, immigration laws, travel restrictions, antitrust controls and enforcement, financial reporting, and corporate governance laws, could have a positive or negative impact on our business. The U.S. administration has levied tariffs, imposed economic sanctions, and created other restrictions on trade with the countries where we employ professionals and conduct significant operations and may also institute additional impediments to global trade with little or no warning. The majority of our professionals are offshore. Companies that outsource services to subsidiaries or third parties operating in other countries remain a topic of political discussion in many countries, including the U.S., which is our largest source of revenues. The U.S. administration periodically proposes and enacts rules that restrict offshore outsourcing and discourage employing non-U.S. residents in the U.S., both of which could adversely impact our business. Broadened restrictions on outsourcing by federal and state government agencies, private industry tax disincentives, including excise taxes on payments to foreign subsidiaries and personnel, intellectual property transfer restrictions, and restrictions on the use or availability of certain work visas could have a negative effect on our business. Some of our projects require our personnel to obtain visas to travel and work at client sites outside of our personnel’s home countries. Our reliance on visas to staff projects with employees who are not citizens of the country where the work is performed makes us vulnerable to changes in the number of visas to be issued in any particular year and other work permit laws and regulations. Obtaining the required visas and work permits for the U.S. has become more lengthy and difficult. Political forces and economic conditions limiting the number of permitted applications and application and enforcement processes may cause additional delays or rejections when trying to obtain visas. Delays in obtaining visas or other work authorizations may delay the ability of our personnel to travel to meet with and provide services to our clients or to continue to provide services on a timely basis. In addition, the availability of a sufficient number of visas without significant additional costs could limit our ability to provide services to our clients on a timely and cost-effective basis or manage our sales and delivery centers as efficiently as we otherwise could. Delays in or the unavailability of visas and work permits could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 15 Table of Contents We are subject to laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate, including export restrictions, economic sanctions, and anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. Compliance with these laws requires significant resources and non-compliance may result in civil or criminal penalties and other remedial measures. We are subject to many laws and regulations that restrict our international operations, including laws that prohibit activities involving restricted countries, organizations, entities and persons that have been identified as unlawful actors or that are subject to U.S. sanctions. The U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, and other domestic and international bodies have imposed sanctions that prohibit us from engaging in trade or financial transactions with certain countries, businesses, organizations and individuals. We are also subject to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, all of which prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making bribes for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced government corruption to some degree, and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices, although adherence to local customs and practices is generally not a defense under anti-bribery laws. Our compliance program contains controls and procedures designed to ensure our compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, sanctions, and other laws and regulations. The continuing implementation and ongoing development and monitoring of our compliance program may be time consuming, expensive, and could result in the discovery of compliance issues or violations by us or our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors or agents of which we were previously unaware. Any violations of these or other laws and regulations by our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors and agents, including third parties with which we associate or companies we acquire, could expose us to administrative, civil or criminal penalties, and fines or business restrictions, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and would adversely affect our reputation and the market for shares of our common stock and may require certain of our investors to disclose their investment in us under certain state laws. Risks Related to Our Industry and Clients We generally do not have long-term commitments from our clients, our clients may terminate contracts before completion or choose not to renew contracts, and we are not guaranteed payment for services. Loss of business or non-payment from significant clients could materially affect our results of operations. Our ability to maintain continuing relationships with our major clients and successfully obtain payment for our services is essential to the growth and profitability of our business. However, the volume of work performed for any specific client is likely to vary from year to year, especially since we generally are not our clients’ exclusive IT services provider and we generally do not have long-term commitments from clients to purchase our services. We may also fail to assess the creditworthiness of our clients adequately or accurately. Our clients’ ability to terminate engagements with or without cause and our clients’ inability or unwillingness to pay for services we performed makes our future revenues and profitability uncertain. Although a substantial majority of our revenues are generated from clients who also contributed to our revenues during the prior year, our engagements with our clients are typically for projects that are singular in nature. Therefore, we must seek to obtain new engagements when our current engagements end. There are a number of factors relating to our clients that are outside of our control and which might lead them to terminate or not renew a contract or project with us, or be unable to pay us, including: • financial difficulties, including client insolvency or bankruptcy or increased global inflationary pressures and elevated interest rates; • corporate restructuring, mergers, and acquisitions; • our inability to complete our contractual commitments and invoice and collect our contracted revenues; • change in strategic priorities or economic conditions that eliminate the impetus for the project or reduce technology-related spending; • change in outsourcing strategy resulting in moving more work to the client’s in-house technology departments or to our competitors; and • replacement of existing software with packaged software supported by licensors. Termination, non-renewal, or renegotiation of a client contract or delayed starts to projects cause us to experience a higher-than-expected number of unassigned employees and thus compress our margins until we are able to reallocate our 16 Table of Contents headcount to paying client projects. Clients that delay payment, request modified payment arrangements, or fail to meet their payment obligations increase our cash collection time, cause us to incur bad debt expense, and cause us to incur collection expenses. The loss of any of our major clients, a significant decrease in the volume of work they outsource to us or the price they are willing or able to pay us, if not replaced by new service engagements and revenues, could materially adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. Our revenues are highly dependent on a limited number of industries, and any decrease in demand for outsourced services in these industries could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our results of operations. A substantial majority of our clients are concentrated in five industry verticals: Financial Services; Software & Hi-Tech; Business Information & Media; Consumer Goods, Retail & Travel; and Life Sciences & Healthcare. Our business growth largely depends on continued demand for our services from clients in these five industry verticals and other industries that we target now or in the future and also depends on trends in these industries to outsource the services we provide. A downturn in any of our targeted industries, a slowdown or reversal of the trend to outsource IT services in any of these industries or the introduction of regulations that restrict or discourage companies from outsourcing could result in a decrease in the demand for our services and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Some of our clients have experienced lay-offs, volatile stock prices, higher borrowing costs, and lower consumer spending on products and services which has resulted in reduced spending on our services. Other developments in the industries in which we operate may increase the demand for lower cost or lower quality IT services and decrease the demand for our services or increase the pressure our clients put on us to reduce pricing. We may not be able to successfully anticipate and prepare for any such changes, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Furthermore, developments in the industries we serve shift client demand to new services, solutions or technology, such as AI-enabled business processes. If our clients demand new services, solutions or technologies, we may be less competitive in these new areas if we do not make significant investments to meet that demand. Additionally, as we expand into serving new industry verticals, our solutions and technology may be used by, or generally affect, a broader base of clients and end users, which may expose us to new business and operational risks. If our pricing structures are based on inaccurate expectations and assumptions regarding the cost and complexity of performing our work, or if we are not able to maintain favorable pricing for our services, then our contracts could be unprofitable or we may not meet our profitability projections. We face a number of risks when pricing our contracts with our clients. Our pricing is highly dependent on our internal forecasts, assumptions and predictions about our clients and their projects, the marketplace, global economic conditions (including foreign exchange volatility and inflation) and the coordination of operations and personnel in multiple locations with different skill sets and competencies. Larger and more complex projects that involve multiple engagements or stages heighten those pricing risks because a client may choose not to retain us for additional stages or delay forecasted engagements, which disrupts our planned project resource requirements. If our pricing for a project includes dedicated personnel or facilities and the client slows or stops that project, we may not be able to reallocate resources to other clients. Our pricing and cost estimates may include anticipated long-term cost savings that we expect to achieve and sustain over the life of the contract. Because of such inherent uncertainties, we may underprice our projects or fail to accurately assess the risks associated with potential contracts, such as defined performance goals, service levels, and completion schedules. The risk of underpricing our services or underestimating the costs of performing the work is heightened in fixed-price contracts, product licensing, and in contracts that require our client to receive a productivity benefit as a result of the services performed under the contract. Our industry is adopting, and our clients are expecting, new pricing models, especially as AI tools evolve and are integrated into business processes. If we use unproven pricing models or are unable to successfully convince clients of the value of our AI tools and expertise, we increase the risk that we could underprice a client project and the project could become less profitable than we expected or even unprofitable. If we do not adopt new pricing models, our competitors that are willing to risk trying new models may take market share from us. If we fail to accurately estimate the resources, time or quality levels required to complete such engagements, or if the cost of employees, facilities, or technology unexpectedly increases, we could be exposed to cost overruns. Any increased or unexpected costs, delays or failures to achieve anticipated cost savings, or unexpected risks we encounter in connection with the performance
[...TRUNCATED...]