TICKER=EQIX|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/EQIX_2026-02-11.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information contained in this report, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business. Additional risks which we do not presently consider material, or of which we are not currently aware, may also have an adverse impact on us. The information discussed below is at the time of this filing. This section contains forward-looking statements. Risk Factors Risks Related to the Macro Environment Geopolitical events and political tensions contribute to an already complex landscape, and could have a negative effect on our global business operations. Geopolitical events, including trade tensions between the U.S. and other countries, the war between Russia and Ukraine, and ongoing conflicts in the Middle East, could negatively affect our global operations, and their future impact remains unpredictable. In addition, uncertainty surrounding the legality, enforceability, and interpretation of U.S. and international laws, executive actions, regulatory frameworks, and enforcement priorities could result in compliance challenges, significant penalties, operational restrictions, reputational harm, or adverse effects on our business and results of operations. Periodic risks of a U.S. government shutdown could further disrupt economic conditions. Moreover, actual or proposed U.S. tariffs and potential counter tariffs may increase costs and disrupt our supply chain, with their scope and duration dependent on evolving negotiations and exemptions, making their impact difficult to predict. Our inability to effectively manage these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and the price of our common stock. The current uncertain economic environment, including challenges related to power and supply chains, could impact our business and the businesses of our customers. We are experiencing an increase in our costs to procure power and supply chain issues globally. Rising prices for materials related to our IBX data center construction and our data center offerings, energy and gas prices, as well as rising wages and benefits costs negatively impact our business by increasing our operating costs. Further, as a result of the increase in demand for AI infrastructure, we are anticipating chip shortages relative to those experienced in the market in prior years. This shortage could impact our customers and delay or deter customer server deployments within our IBX data centers. These shortages could also impact our own network rooms and certain products which rely on integration with these chips. Price increases for the chips could be significant and could have a material impact on our business or the business of our customers. The adverse economic conditions we are currently experiencing, including the impact of increased tariffs and inflation, may also impact our customers and cause a decrease in sales as some customers may initiate cost cutting measures or scale back their operations. This could result in churn in our customer base, reductions in revenues from our offerings, adverse effects to our days of sales outstanding in accounts receivable ("DSO"), longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition, which could adversely affect our liquidity. Customers, vendors and/or partners filing for bankruptcy could also lead to costly and time-intensive actions with adverse effects, including greater difficulty or delay in accounts receivable collection. The uncertain economic environment could also have an impact on our foreign exchange forward contracts if our counterparties' credit deteriorates or if they are otherwise unable to perform their obligations. Our efforts to mitigate the risks associated with these adverse conditions may not be successful and our business and growth could be adversely affected. Our business could be harmed by increased costs to procure power, prolonged power outages, shortages or capacity constraints. Any power outages, shortages, capacity constraints, limits on access or significant increases in the cost of power may have an adverse effect on our business and our results of operations. In each of our markets, we contract with and rely on third parties, third party infrastructure, governments, and global suppliers to provide a sufficient amount of power to maintain our IBX data centers and meet the needs of our current and future customers. In certain instances, we have experienced difficulties in securing the energy supply we have contracted for or that we need for our expansion plans. In certain markets, there are specific requirements to cover our operations with power procured from renewable energy resources and the availability of such alternative energy resources may be limited. Any such limitations may have a negative impact on a given IBX data 14 Table of Contents center and may limit our ability to grow our business which could negatively affect our financial performance and results of operations. Furthermore, the inability to supply customers with their contracted power for any reason could harm customer and/or joint venture relationships as well as cause reputational harm. Each new facility requires access to significant quantities of electricity. Limitations on generation, transmission and distribution may limit our ability to obtain sufficient power capacity for potential expansion sites in new or existing markets. Utility companies and other third-party power providers may impose onerous operating conditions to any agreement to provision power or we may experience significant delays, unfavorable contractual terms, new industry regulations and substantial increased costs to obtain the level of electrical service required by our current or future IBX data center designs. In certain cases, we must commit to power purchases before an IBX center is fully operational, increasing fixed costs and the risk that these costs cannot be passed on to customers. Our ability to find reliable partners and appropriate sites for expansion may also be limited by access to power, especially as we design our data centers to the specifications of new and evolving technologies, such as AI, which are more power-intensive, and further prepare to serve the power demands we expect in the future. Our IBX data centers are affected by problems accessing electricity sources, such as planned or unplanned power outages and limitations on transmission or distribution of power. Unplanned power outages, including, but not limited to those relating to large storms, earthquakes, fires, tsunamis, cyber-attacks, physical attacks on utility infrastructure, war, and any failures of electrical power grids or internal systems more generally, and planned power outages by public utilities, could harm our customers and our business. Employees working from home could be subjected to power outages at home which could be difficult to track and could affect the day-to-day operations of our non-IBX data center employees. Our international operations are sometimes located outside of developed, reliable electricity markets, where we are exposed to some insecurity in supply associated with technical, regulatory and reliability problems, as well as transmission constraints. Some of our IBX data centers are located in leased buildings where, depending upon the lease requirements and number of tenants involved, we may or may not control some or all of the infrastructure including generators and fuel tanks. As a result, in the event of a power outage, we could be dependent upon the landlord, as well as the utility company, to restore the power. We attempt to limit our exposure to system downtime by using backup generators, which are in turn supported by onsite fuel storage and through contracts with fuel suppliers, but these measures may not always prevent downtime or solve for long-term or large-scale outages. We have experienced outages in the past for various reasons and could experience outages in the future. Any outage or supply disruption could adversely affect our business, customer experience and revenues. We are currently experiencing inflation and volatility pressures in the energy market globally. Various macroeconomic factors are contributing to the instability and global power shortage including inadequate power generation and transmission to meet market demand in certain locations, severe weather events, governmental regulations, government relations and inflation. While we have aimed to minimize our risk, via hedging, conservation, and other efficiencies, we expect the cost for power to continue to be volatile and unpredictable and subject to inflationary pressures. We believe we have made appropriate estimates for these costs in our forecasting, but the current unpredictable energy market could materially affect our ability to expand our business, our financial forecasting, results of operations and financial condition. Risks Related to our Operations Any failure of our physical infrastructure or negative impact on our ability to meet our obligations to our customers, or damage to customer infrastructure within our IBX data centers, could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could reduce our revenue and harm our business reputation and financial condition. Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable solutions. We must safeguard our customers' infrastructure and equipment located in our IBX data centers and ensure our IBX data centers and non-IBX business operations remain operational at all times. We own certain of our IBX data centers, but others are leased by us, and we rely on the landlord for basic maintenance of our leased IBX data centers and office buildings and, in some cases, the landlord is responsible for the infrastructure that runs the building such as power connections, UPSs and backup power generators. If such landlord has not maintained a leased property sufficiently, we may be forced into an early exit from the center which could be disruptive to our business. Furthermore, we continue to acquire IBX data centers not built by us and we may be required to incur substantial additional costs to repair or upgrade the IBX data centers. Newly acquired data centers also may not have the same power infrastructure and design in place as our own IBX data centers. These legacy designs could require upgrades in order to meet our standards and our customers’ expectations. Until the legacy systems are brought up to our standards, customers in 15 Table of Contents these IBX data centers could be exposed to higher risks of unexpected power outages. We have experienced power outages because of these legacy design issues in the past and we could experience them in the future. Problems at one or more of our IBX data centers or corporate offices, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions or significant infrastructure or equipment damage. These could result from numerous factors, including but not limited to: • human error; • equipment failure; • physical, electronic and cybersecurity breaches; • fire, earthquake, hurricane, flood, tornado and other natural disasters; • extreme temperatures; • water damage; • fiber failures, subsea cable damage and other network damage/interruptions; • software updates; • power loss; • terrorist acts; • sabotage and vandalism; • insider threat; • global pandemics; • inability of our operations employees to access our IBX data centers for any reason; and • failure of business partners who provide our resale products. We have service level commitment obligations to most customers. As a result, service interruptions or significant equipment damage in our IBX data centers could result in difficulty maintaining service level commitments to these customers and potential claims related to such failures. Because our IBX data centers are critical to many of our customers' businesses, service interruptions or significant equipment damage in our IBX data centers could also result in lost profits or other indirect or consequential damages to our customers. We cannot guarantee that a court would enforce any contractual limitations on our liability in the event that one of our customers brings a lawsuit against us as a result of a problem at one of our IBX data centers and we have in the past and may decide in the future to reach settlements with affected customers irrespective of any such contractual limitations. Any such settlement may result in a reduction of revenue under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). In addition, any loss of service, equipment damage or inability to meet our service level commitment obligations could reduce the confidence of our customers and could consequently impair our ability to obtain and retain customers, which would adversely affect both our ability to generate revenues and our results of operations. Furthermore, we are dependent upon internet service providers, telecommunications carriers and other website operators in the Americas, Asia-Pacific and EMEA regions and elsewhere, some of which have experienced significant system failures and electrical outages in the past. We also rely on a number of third-party software providers in order to deliver our offerings and operate our business. Our customers may in the future experience difficulties due to system failures unrelated to our systems and offerings. If, for any reason, these suppliers fail to provide the required services, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. Our IBX data center employees are critical to our ability to maintain our business operations and reach our service level commitments. Although we have redundancies built into our workforce, if our IBX employees are unable to access our IBX data centers for any reason, we could experience operational issues at the affected site. Pandemics, weather and climate related crises or any other social, political, or economic disruption in the U.S. or abroad could prevent sufficient staffing at our IBX data centers, or at our corporate offices, and have a material adverse impact on our operations. We experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past and may be vulnerable to future security breaches, which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. Despite our efforts to protect against cyber-attacks, we are not fully insulated from such threats. We have experienced cybersecurity attacks and security incidents to varying degrees, and in some cases threat actors have gained unauthorized access to our systems and data. While previous incidents have been resolved, and their impacts have been immaterial, we expect we will continue to face risks associated with unauthorized access to our 16 Table of Contents computer systems, loss or destruction of data, computer viruses, ransomware, malware, distributed denial-of-service attacks or other malicious activities, and the impact of such events in the future may be material. A cyber attack may originate from either an external actor or an insider threat within the organization. In the course of our business, we utilize vendors and other partners who are also sources of cyber risks to us. In addition, our hybrid working model, that includes both work from home and in office working environments, could expose us to additional security risks. We offer professional solutions to our customers where we consult on data center solutions and assist with implementations. We also offer managed services in certain locations where we manage the data center infrastructure for our customers. The access to our clients' networks and data, which is gained from these solutions, creates some risk that our clients' networks or data could be improperly accessed. We may also design our clients' cloud storage systems in such a way that exposes our clients to increased risk of data breach. If we were held responsible for any such breach, it could result in a significant loss to us, including damage to our client relationships, harm to our brand and reputation, and legal liability. As techniques used to breach security change frequently and are generally not recognized until launched against a target, we may not be able to promptly detect that a cyber breach has occurred, or implement security measures in a timely manner or, if and when implemented, we may not be able to determine the extent to which these measures could be circumvented. Recent developments in the cyber threat landscape include use of AI and machine learning, as well as an increased number of cyber extortion and ransomware attacks, with the potential for higher financial ransom demand amounts and increasing sophistication and variety of ransomware techniques and methodology. Further, any adoption of AI by us or by third parties may pose new security challenges. A party who is able to compromise the security measures on our networks or the security of our infrastructure could misappropriate the proprietary or sensitive information of Equinix, our customers, including government customers, or the personal information of our employees, or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or our customers' operations. As we provide assurances to our customers that we provide a high level of security, such a compromise could be particularly harmful to our brand and reputation. We also may be required to expend significant capital and resources to protect against such threats or to alleviate problems caused by cyber breaches in our physical or virtual security systems. Any breaches that may occur in the future could expose us to increased risk of lawsuits, regulatory penalties, loss of existing or potential customers, damage relating to loss of proprietary information, harm to our reputation and increases in our security costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and results of operations. The international cybersecurity regulatory landscape continues to evolve and compliance with the proposed reporting requirements could further complicate our ability to resolve cyber-attacks. We maintain insurance coverage for cyber risks, but such coverage may be unavailable or insufficient to cover our losses. We are currently making significant investments in our back-office information technology systems and processes. Difficulties from or disruptions to these efforts may interrupt our normal operations and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have been investing heavily in our back-office information technology systems and processes for a number of years and expect such investment to continue for the foreseeable future in support of our pursuit of global, scalable solutions across all geographies and functions that we operate in. These continuing investments include ongoing improvements to the customer experience from initial quote to customer billing and our revenue recognition process; integration of recently acquired operations onto our various information technology systems; and implementation of new tools and technologies to either further streamline and automate processes, or to support our compliance with evolving U.S. GAAP and international accounting standards. As a result of our continued work on these projects, we may experience difficulties with our systems, management distraction and significant business disruptions. For example, difficulties with our systems may interrupt our ability to accept and deliver customer orders and may adversely impact our overall financial operations, including our accounts payable, accounts receivables, general ledger, fixed assets, revenue recognition, close processes, internal financial controls and our ability to otherwise run and track our business. We may need to expend significant attention, time and resources to correct problems or find alternative sources for performing these functions. Changes to our financial systems also create an increased risk of deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting until such systems are stabilized. Such significant investments in our back-office systems may take longer to complete and cost more than originally planned. In addition, we may not realize the full benefits we hoped to achieve and there is a risk of an impairment charge if we decide that portions of these projects will not ultimately benefit us or are de-scoped. Finally, the collective impact of these changes to our business has placed significant demands on impacted employees across multiple functions, increasing the risk of errors and control deficiencies in our financial statements, distraction from 17 Table of Contents the effective operation of our business and difficulty in attracting and retaining employees. Any such difficulties or disruptions may adversely affect our business, our culture and our results of operations. The level of insurance coverage that we purchase may prove to be inadequate. We carry liability, property, business interruption and other insurance policies to cover insurable risks to our company. We select the types of insurance, the limits and the deductibles based on our specific risk profile, the cost of the insurance coverage versus its perceived benefit and general industry standards. Our insurance policies contain industry standard exclusions for events such as war and nuclear reaction. We purchase earthquake insurance for certain of our IBX data centers, but for our IBX data centers in high-risk zones, including those in California and Japan, we have elected to self-insure. The earthquake and flood insurance that we do purchase would be subject to high deductibles. Any of the limits of insurance that we purchase, including those for flood or cyber risks, could prove to be inadequate, which could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to recruit or retain key qualified personnel, our business could be harmed. In December 2025, we announced the retirement of and succession plan for our Chief Financial Officer. Any significant leadership change involves risk, and any failure to transition effectively could hinder our strategic planning, business execution and future performance. A transition in our Chief Financial Officer role may create uncertainty and operational challenges, including disruption to employee workflows, increased distraction, potential adverse impacts on employee retention and satisfaction, and an increased risk of delays or errors in financial reporting and internal controls during the transition period. Any such impacts could impair our ability to execute our financial strategy effectively and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our future performance depends on the continued success of our executive team and our ability to attract and retain skilled employees, including management. In addition, our talent strategy could continue to evolve with the future direction of the business. We must continue to identify, hire, train and retain key personnel who maintain relationships with our customers and who can provide the technical, strategic and marketing skills required for our company's growth. There is a shortage of qualified personnel in these fields, and we compete with other companies for the limited pool of talent. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to retain our existing personnel or attract additional qualified employees in the future. The failure to recruit and retain necessary key personnel could cause disruption, harm our business and hamper our ability to grow our company. The failure to obtain favorable terms when we renew our IBX data center leases, or the failure to renew such leases, could harm our business and results of operations. While we own certain of our IBX data centers, others are leased under long-term arrangements. These leased IBX data centers have all been subject to significant development by us in order to convert them from, in most cases, vacant buildings or warehouses into IBX data centers. Most of our IBX data center leases have renewal options available to us. However, many of these renewal options provide for the rent to be set at then-prevailing market rates. To the extent that then-prevailing market rates or negotiated rates are higher than present rates, these higher costs may adversely impact our business and results of operations, or we may decide against renewing the lease. There may also be changes in shared operating costs in connection with our leases, which are commonly referred to as common area maintenance expenses. In the event that an IBX data center lease does not have a renewal option, or we fail to exercise a renewal option in a timely fashion and lose our right to renew the lease, we may not be successful in negotiating a renewal of the lease with the landlord. Further, for various reasons, a landlord may not want to renew the lease with us, or he may transfer his interests to third parties which could affect our ability to renew the lease. A failure to renew a lease or termination by a landlord of any lease could force us to exit a building prematurely, which could disrupt our business, harm our customer relationships, impact and harm our joint venture relationships, expose us to liability under our customer contracts or joint venture agreements, cause us to take impairment charges and affect our results of operations negatively. We depend on a number of third parties to provide internet connectivity to our IBX data centers; if connectivity is interrupted or terminated, our results of operations and cash flow could be materially and adversely affected. The presence of diverse telecommunications carriers' fiber networks in our IBX data centers is critical to our ability to retain and attract new customers. We are not a telecommunications carrier, and as such, we rely on third parties to provide our customers with carrier services. We believe that the availability of carrier capacity will directly affect our ability to achieve our projected results. We rely primarily on revenue opportunities from the 18 Table of Contents telecommunications carriers' customers to encourage them to invest the capital and operating resources required to connect from their data centers to our IBX data centers. Carriers will likely evaluate the revenue opportunity of an IBX data center based on the assumption that the environment will be highly competitive. We cannot provide assurance that each and every carrier will elect to offer its services within our IBX data centers or that once a carrier has decided to provide internet connectivity to our IBX data centers that it will continue to do so for any period of time. Our new IBX data centers require construction and operation of a sophisticated redundant fiber network. The construction required to connect multiple carrier facilities to our IBX data centers is complex and involves factors outside of our control, including regulatory processes and the availability of construction resources. Any hardware or fiber failures on these networks, either on land or subsea, may result in significant loss of connectivity to our new IBX data center expansions. This could affect our ability to attract new customers to these IBX data centers or retain existing customers. To date, the network neutrality of our IBX data centers and the variety of networks available to our customers has often been a competitive advantage for us. In certain of our markets, the limited number of carriers available reduces that advantage. As a result, we may need to adapt our key revenue-generating offerings and pricing to be competitive in those markets. If the establishment of highly diverse internet connectivity to our IBX data centers does not occur, is materially delayed, disrupted or is discontinued, or is subject to failure, our results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. The use of high-power density equipment may limit our ability to fully utilize the space in our older IBX data centers. Server technologies continue to evolve and in some instances these changes can result in customers increasing their use of high-power density equipment in our IBX data centers which can increase the demand for power on a per cabinet basis. Additionally, the workloads related to new and evolving technologies such as AI are increasing the demand for high density computing power. Because many of our IBX data centers were built a number of years ago, the current demand for power may exceed the designed electrical capacity in these IBX data centers. As power, not space, is a limiting factor in many of our IBX data centers, our ability to fully utilize the space in those IBX data centers may be impacted. The ability to increase the power capacity of an IBX data center, should we decide to, is dependent on several factors including, but not limited to, the local utility's ability to provide additional power; the length of time required to provide such power; and/or whether it is feasible to upgrade the electrical and mechanical infrastructure of an IBX data center to deliver additional power and cooling to customers. Although we are currently designing and building to a higher power specification than that of many of our older IBX data centers, and are considering redevelopment of certain sites where appropriate, there is a risk that demand could continue to increase, or our redevelopment may not be successful, and the space inside our IBX data centers could become underutilized sooner than expected. The development and use of artificial intelligence in the workplace presents risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business and operating results. We have begun leveraging AI and machine learning capabilities for our employees to use in their day-to-day operations. Failure to invest adequately in such capabilities may result in us lagging behind our competitors in terms of improving operational efficiency and achieving superior outcomes for our business and our customers. As we embark on these initiatives, we may encounter challenges such as a shortage of appropriate data to train internal AI models, a lack of skilled talent to effectively execute our strategy of leveraging AI internally, or the possibility that the tools we utilize may not deliver the intended value. Use of third-party AI tools can also bring information security, data privacy and legal risks. Failure to successfully harness these AI tools and manage associated risks could negatively impact our business and operating results. Risks Related to our Offerings and Customers Our offerings have a long sales cycle that may harm our revenue and results of operations. A customer's decision to purchase our offerings typically involves a significant commitment of resources. In addition, some customers will be reluctant to commit to locating in our IBX data centers until they are confident that 19 Table of Contents the IBX data center has adequate carrier connections. As a result, we have a long sales cycle. Furthermore, we may devote significant time and resources to pursuing a particular sale or customer that does not result in revenues. Delays due to the length of our sales cycle may materially and adversely affect our revenues and results of operations, which could harm our ability to meet our forecasts and cause volatility in our stock price. We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. The global multi-tenant data center market is highly fragmented. It is estimated that we are one of more than 2,400 companies that provide these offerings around the world. We compete with these firms which vary in terms of their data center offerings and the geographies in which they operate. We must continue to evolve our product strategy and be able to differentiate our IBX data centers and product offerings from those of our competitors. Some of our competitors may adopt aggressive pricing policies, especially if they are not highly leveraged or have lower return thresholds than we do. As a result, we may suffer from pricing pressure that would adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. Some of these competitors may also provide our target customers with additional benefits, including bundled communication services or cloud services, and may do so in a manner that is more attractive to our potential customers than obtaining space in our IBX data centers. Similarly, with growing acceptance of cloud-based technologies, we are at risk of losing customers that may decide to fully leverage cloud infrastructure offerings instead of managing their own. Competitors could also operate more successfully or form alliances to acquire significant market share. Regional competitors may also consolidate to become a global competitor. Consolidation of our customers and/or our competitors may present a risk to our business model and have a negative impact on our revenues. Further, because of the expected growth and opportunity related to AI, we anticipate significant investments in the data center industry by both current competitors and new investors and companies looking to capture this opportunity. If Equinix is unable to compete against these new market entrants, or capture a proportionate share of these investments, we could lose market share during this expected period of growth. We also must compete against certain of these competitors to secure the land and power needed for our expansion plans. Failure to compete successfully may materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. If we cannot continue to develop, acquire, market and provide new offerings or enhancements to existing offerings that meet customer requirements and differentiate us from our competitors, our results of operations could suffer. As our customers evolve their IT strategies, we must remain flexible and evolve along with new technologies and industry and market shifts. The process of developing and acquiring new offerings and enhancing existing offerings is complex. If we fail to anticipate customers’ evolving needs and expectations or do not adapt to technological and IT trends, our results of operations could suffer. Ineffective planning and execution in our cloud, AI and product development strategies may cause difficulty in sustaining our competitive advantages. Additionally, any delay in the development, acquisition, marketing or launch of a new offering could result in customer dissatisfaction or attrition. If we cannot continue adapting our products and strategies, or if our competitors can adapt their products more quickly than us, our business could be harmed. In order to adapt effectively, we sometimes must make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand for the new offerings. This kind of investment may include real estate expansion or developing, acquiring and obtaining power and intellectual property investments. If we fail to invest before or contemporaneously with our competitors, our results of operations could suffer. We also must remain flexible and change strategies quickly if our predictions are not accurate. We are currently investing in our AI strategy to serve the large footprint we foresee for customers’ AI workloads. The future of AI is still uncertain and as it continues to evolve, our predictions about the market may prove inaccurate. Market news and speculation about the future of AI and/or its impact on the data center industry have caused volatility in our stock price in the past. We cannot guarantee our investments and predictions will be accurate around AI or any other customer demand. We have also been making investments of resources in expanding our product portfolio in recent years. New offerings may come with additional risks and may not always be successful, and certain past offerings have been or are being discontinued, including the Equinix Metal product. New offerings may also require additional capital, have lower margins and higher customer churn as compared to our data center offerings, thus adversely impacting our 20 Table of Contents results. These offerings may also introduce us to different competition and faster development cycles as compared to our data center business. If we cannot develop or partner to quickly and efficiently meet market demands, we may also see adverse results. While we believe these product offerings and others we may implement in the future will be desirable to our customers and will complement our other offerings, we cannot guarantee the success of any product or any other new product offering. We have also invested in joint ventures in order to develop capacity to serve the large footprint needs of a targeted set of hyperscale customers by leveraging existing capacity and dedicated hyperscale builds. We believe these hyperscale customers will also play a large role in the growth of the market for AI. We have announced our intention to seek additional joint ventures for certain of our hyperscale builds. There can be no assurances that our joint ventures will be successful or that we find appropriate partners, or that we will be able to successfully meet the needs of these customers through our hyperscale offerings. Failure to successfully execute on our product, AI or hyperscale strategies could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. We have government contracts, which subject us to revenue risk and certain other risks including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We derive revenues from contracts with the U.S. government, state and local governments and foreign governments. Some of these customers may terminate all or part of their contracts at any time, without cause. There is increased pressure for governments and their agencies, both domestically and internationally, to reduce spending. Some of our federal government contracts are subject to the approval of appropriations being made by the U.S. Congress to fund the expenditures under these contracts. Similarly, some of our contracts at the state and local levels are subject to government funding authorizations. Government contracts often have unique terms and conditions to address public sector acquisition requirements, such as most favored customer obligations, and are generally subject to audits and investigations. On occasion, we have been out of compliance with contractual terms of certain government contracts and have remedied as necessary. Being out of compliance with the terms of such contracts could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions, or debarment from future government business. Because we depend on the development and growth of a balanced customer base, including key magnet customers, failure to attract, grow and retain this base of customers could harm our business and results of operations. Our ability to maximize revenues depends on our ability to develop and grow a balanced customer base, consisting of a variety of companies, including enterprises, cloud, digital content and financial companies, and network service providers. We consider certain of these customers to be key magnets in that they draw in other customers. In many instances, the more balanced the customer base within each IBX data center, the better we will be able to generate significant interconnection revenues, which in turn increases our overall revenues. Our ability to attract customers to our IBX data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including the presence of multiple carriers, the mix of our offerings, the overall mix of customers, the presence of key customers attracting business through vertical market ecosystems, the IBX data center's operating reliability and security and our ability to effectively market our offerings. However, some of our customers may face competitive pressures and may ultimately not be successful or may be consolidated through merger or acquisition. If these customers do not continue to use our IBX data centers it may be disruptive to our business. If customers combine businesses, they may require less colocation space, which could lead to churn in our customer base. Finally, any uncertain global economic climate, including the one we are currently experiencing, could harm our ability to attract and retain customers if customers slow spending, or delay decision-making on our offerings, or if customers begin to have difficulty paying us or seek bankruptcy protection and we experience increased churn in our customer base. Any of these factors may hinder the development, growth and retention of a balanced customer base and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 21 Table of Contents Risks Related to our Financial Results and Stock Price The market price of our stock may continue to be highly volatile, and the value of an investment in our common stock may decline. The market price of the shares of our common stock has recently been and may continue to be highly volatile. General economic and market conditions, like the ones we are currently experiencing, and market conditions for technology, data center and REIT stocks in general, may affect the market price of our common stock. Announcements by us or others, or speculations about our future plans, may also have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock. These may relate to: • our results of operations or forecasts; • new issuances of equity, debt or convertible debt by us, including issuances through any existing ATM Program; • increases in market interest rates and changes in other general market and economic conditions, including inflationary concerns; • changes to our capital allocation, tax planning or business strategy; • our qualification for taxation as a REIT and our declaration of distributions to our stockholders; • changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws; • changes in management or key personnel; • developments in our relationships with customers; • announcements by our customers or competitors; • changes in the perceived demand for goods and services supporting AI; • changes in regulatory policy or interpretation; • market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry, which may include short seller reports; • litigation and governmental investigations; • changes in the ratings of our debt or stock by rating agencies or securities analysts; • our purchase or development of real estate and/or additional IBX data centers; • our acquisitions of complementary businesses; or • the operational performance of our IBX data centers. The stock market has from time-to-time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, which have particularly affected the market prices for technology, data center and REIT stocks, and which have often been unrelated to their operating performance. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. One of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell our common stock is our distribution rate as a percentage of our stock price relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates increase, prospective investors may demand a higher distribution rate or seek alternative investments paying higher dividends or interest. As a result, interest rate fluctuations and conditions in the capital markets may affect the market value of our common stock. Furthermore, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We have been the target of this type of litigation and we may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and/or damages, and divert management's attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. Furthermore, short sellers may engage in activity intended to drive down the market price of our common stock, which could also result in related regulatory and governmental scrutiny, among other effects. Short selling is the practice of selling securities that the seller does not own but rather has
[...TRUNCATED...]