TICKER=EQR|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/EQR_2026-02-13.htm.gz
Item 1A. Ri sk Factors General This Item 1A includes forward-looking statements. You should refer to our discussion of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements included in Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The occurrence of the events discussed in the following risk factors could adversely affect, possibly in a material manner, our business, financial condition or results of operations, which could affect the value of our common shares of beneficial interest or preferred shares of beneficial interest (which we refer to collectively as “Shares”), Preference Units, OP Units, restricted units and our public unsecured debt. In this section, we refer to the Shares, Preference Units, OP Units, restricted units and public unsecured debt together as our “securities” and the investors who own such securities as our “security holders.” Risks Related to our Business Strategy Investing in real estate is inherently subject to risks that could negatively impact our business. Investing in real estate is subject to varying degrees and types of risk. While we seek to mitigate these risks through various strategies, including geographic diversification, market research and proactive asset management, among other techniques, these risks cannot be eliminated entirely. Factors that have in the past and may in the future impact cash flows and real estate values include, but are not limited to: • Local economic conditions, particularly oversupply or reductions in demand; • National, regional and local political and regulatory climates, governmental fiscal health and governmental policies; • The inability or unwillingness of residents to pay rent increases; • Increases in our operating expenses due to inflation, tariffs, immigration issues or other cost pressures; • Cost and availability of labor and materials required to maintain our properties at acceptable standards; • Availability of attractive financing opportunities; • Changes in social preferences, demographics or migration patterns; and • Additional risks that are discussed below. The geographic concentration of our properties could have an adverse effect on our operations. The Company's properties are primarily concentrated in the major coastal markets of Boston, New York, Washington, D.C., Southern California (including Los Angeles, Orange County and San Diego), San Francisco and Seattle, diversified by a targeted presence in Denver, Atlanta, Dallas/Ft. Worth and Austin. If one or more of our markets is unfavorably impacted by specific geopolitical and/or economic conditions, local real estate conditions, increases in social unrest, increases in real estate and other taxes, reduced quality of life, deterioration of local or state government health, rent control or rent stabilization laws, other similar regulations, or localized environmental and climate issues, the impact of such conditions may have a more negative impact on our results of operations than if our properties were more geographically diverse. Additionally, to the extent that our markets or submarkets become less desirable to operate in, including changes in multifamily housing supply and demand, our results of operations could be more negatively impacted than if we were more diversified within our markets or invested in a greater number of markets. Competition for housing may negatively affect operations and demand for the Company’s properties or residents. Our properties face competition for residents from other existing or new multifamily properties, condominiums, single family homes and other living arrangements, whether owned or rental, that may attract residents from our properties or prospective residents that would otherwise choose to live with us. As a result, we may not be able to renew existing resident leases or enter into new resident leases, or if we are able to renew or enter into new leases, they may be at rates or terms that are less favorable than our current rates or terms, resulting in a material impact on our results of operations. Additionally, our properties face competition for residents as a result of innovations in technology and amenities. Therefore, we may not be able to retain residents or attract new residents if we are unable to identify and cost effectively implement new, relevant technologies/amenities and keep up with constantly changing resident demand for the latest innovations in these areas. 13 Table of Contents The short-term nature of apartment leases exposes us more quickly to the effects of declining market rents, potentially making our results of operations and cash flows more volatile. Generally, our residential apartment leases are for twelve months or less. If the terms of the renewal or releasing are less favorable than current terms, then the Company’s results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected. Given our generally shorter-term lease structure, our rental revenues are impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms. In addition, operating expenses associated with each property, such as real estate taxes, insurance, utilities, maintenance costs and employee wages and benefits, may not decline at all or decline at the same rate as revenues when circumstances might cause a reduction of those revenues at our properties. Because real estate investments are illiquid, we may not be able to sell properties when appropriate. Real estate investments often cannot be sold quickly due to regulatory constraints, market conditions or otherwise. As a result, we may not be able to reconfigure our portfolio as promptly as desired or as quickly in response to changing economic or other conditions. We may also be unable to consummate dispositions in a timely manner, on attractive terms, or at all. The capitalization rates/disposition yields at which properties may be sold could also be higher than historic rates, thereby reducing our potential proceeds from sale. In some cases, we may also determine that we will not recover the carrying amount of the property upon disposition, potentially causing an impairment charge. This inability to reallocate our capital promptly could negatively affect our financial condition, including our ability to make distributions to our security holders. Competition may prevent us from acquiring properties on favorable terms. We may not be successful in pursuing acquisition and development opportunities. We expect that other real estate investors will compete with us for attractive investment opportunities or may also develop properties in markets where we focus our development and acquisition efforts. We may not be in a position or have the opportunity in the future to make suitable property acquisitions on favorable terms. Operations from new acquisitions, development projects and renovations may fail to perform as expected. We actively acquire, develop and renovate multifamily operating properties as part of our business strategy. Newly acquired, developed or renovated properties may not perform as we expect. We may overestimate the revenue (or underestimate the expenses) that these new or repositioned properties may generate. The occupancy and rental rates at these properties may also fail to meet our expectations for these investments. Land parcels acquired for development may lose significant value prior to the start of construction. Development and renovations are subject to even greater uncertainties and risks due to the complexities and lead time to build or complete these projects. We may also underestimate the costs to complete a development property or to complete a renovation. Additionally, we have and may in the future acquire large portfolios of properties or companies that could increase our size and result in alterations to our capital structure. We may be unable to integrate the operations or accurately assess the liabilities of newly acquired large portfolios or companies and realize the anticipated synergies and other benefits or do so within the anticipated time frame. Furthermore, we have in the past and may in the future decide to invest in new markets and/or product types by acquiring and/or developing properties in accordance with the Company's long-term investment strategy. Our historical experience does not ensure that we will be able to operate successfully in new markets, should we choose to enter them. Investing in new markets and/or new product types may expose us to a variety of risks, including an inability to accurately evaluate local market conditions and local economies, to identify appropriate acquisition and/or development opportunities, to hire and retain key personnel and a lack of familiarity with local governmental regulations. Construction risks on our development projects could affect our profitability. We intend to continue to develop multifamily properties through both wholly owned and joint venture arrangements as part of our business strategy. Development often includes long planning and entitlement timelines, subjecting the projects to changes in market conditions. It can involve complex and costly activities, including significant environmental remediation or construction work in our markets. We have experienced and may continue to experience changes in local market conditions and/or an increase in financing or construction costs due to general disruptions, such as supply chain disruptions, trade disputes, tariffs, immigration issues, labor unrest, geopolitical conflicts or other factors that create inflationary pressures. We have abandoned and may continue to abandon opportunities that we have already begun to explore for a number of reasons, and as a result, we may fail to recover costs already incurred in exploring those opportunities, potentially causing an impairment charge. We may also be unable to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, occupancy, or other required governmental or third-party permits and authorizations. These and other risks inherent in development projects, including the joint venture risks noted below, could result in increased costs or the delay or abandonment of opportunities. 14 Table of Contents We are subject to risks involved in real estate activity through joint ventures. We currently, and may continue to in the future, develop and acquire properties in joint ventures with unrelated third parties. Joint ventures create risks including the following: • The possibility that our partners might refuse or be financially unable to make capital contributions when due or may fail to meet contractual obligations to cover development cost overruns and therefore we may be forced to make contributions to protect our investments; • These projects generally use mortgage debt (including variable rate constructions loans) to finance their activities at a higher leverage level (and at a potentially higher cost due to higher variable rates) than how we finance the Company as a whole; • We may be responsible to our partners for indemnifiable losses; • Our partners might at any time have business, tax planning or economic goals that are inconsistent with ours; • Our partners may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our recommendations, instructions or requests; • The possibility that our partner is either unable to or unwilling to complete their contractual development or other activities; and • The risk that our partner may transfer its interest to a third party whose financial condition, reputation or business goals increase our overall risk profile or are incompatible with our investment strategy. At times we have entered into agreements providing for joint and several liability with our partners. We have in the past and may in the future choose to guarantee part of or all of certain joint venture debt or to act as a lender to the joint venture itself. We and our respective joint venture partners may each have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement that could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partner's interest, at a time or price that is unfavorable to us. Each joint venture agreement is individually negotiated and our ability to operate, finance or dispose of properties and interests in such joint ventures in our sole discretion may be limited to varying degrees depending on the terms of the applicable joint venture agreement. To the extent we have commitments to, on behalf of or are dependent on any such off-balance sheet commitments, or if those commitments or their properties or leases are subject to material contingencies, our liquidity and financial condition could be adversely affected. In some instances, our joint venture partners may also have competing interests or objectives that could create conflicts of interest similar to those noted above. These objectives may be contrary to our compliance with the REIT requirements, and our REIT status could be jeopardized if any of our joint ventures do not operate in compliance with those requirements. To the extent our partners do not meet their obligations to us or our joint ventures, or they take actions inconsistent with the interests of the joint venture, it could have a negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition, including distributions to our security holders. We are subject to risks involved in activity through real estate technology and other real estate fund investments. We have entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, real estate technology and other real estate fund investments. Noncontrolling interests and passive investments are inherently risky because we have limited ability to influence business decisions. The managers of such investments have autonomy over the day-to-day operations of the business and may make business, financial or management decisions with which we do not agree or take risks or otherwise act in a manner that does not serve our interests. In addition, the market for the technologies or products these companies are developing are typically in the early stages and may not materialize to the expected scale, causing these companies to abandon, modify or alter their product, service or overall strategy. Further, there is no assurance that these companies can obtain additional capital or resources, generate sufficient cash flow to sustain operations and successfully execute their strategy or that their equity will become sufficiently liquid for us to effectively monetize our investment. The performance of these investments may also rely on the services of a limited number of key individuals, the loss of whom could significantly adversely affect such investments’ performance. As a result, we may recognize an impairment of our investment or be unable to sell or otherwise monetize any of the investments we have acquired or may acquire in the future. We are subject to risks related to our properties that are subject to ground leases. We have entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, long-term ground leases with respect to assets that may restrict our ability to finance, sell or otherwise transfer our interests in these properties, limit our use and expose us to loss of the properties if such agreements are breached by us or terminated. These restrictions may limit our ability to timely sell or exchange the properties, impair the properties’ value or negatively impact our ability to operate the properties. In addition, as we get closer to the lease termination dates, the values of the properties could decrease if we are unable to agree upon an extension of the lease with the lessor. 15 Table of Contents Certain of these ground leases have payments subject to annual escalations and/or periodic fair market value adjustments which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. We face certain risks related to our Non-Residential operating activities. The Non-Residential space (includes retail and public parking garage operations) at our properties primarily serves as an additional amenity for our residents and neighbors. The longer-term nature of our Non-Residential leases (generally five to ten years with market based renewal options) and the characteristics of many of our Non-Residential tenants (generally small, local businesses) may subject us to certain risks. We may not be able to lease new space for rents that are consistent with our projections or for market rates. Also, when leases for our existing Non-Residential space expire or are otherwise terminated, the space may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than the current lease terms. The presence of competitive alternatives and other market conditions (including online shopping) may affect our ability to lease our Non-Residential space and impact the level of rents we can obtain. If our Non-Residential tenants experience financial distress or bankruptcy, as some have in the past, they may fail to comply with their contractual obligations, seek concessions, such as rent abatements and deferrals, in order to continue operations or cease their operations, any or all of which could lead us to record a non-cash write-off of a tenant's straight-line rent receivable and could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. The Company’s real estate assets may be subject to impairment charges. A decline in the fair value of our assets may require us to recognize an impairment against our assets under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”) if we were to determine that, with respect to any assets in unrealized loss positions, we do not have the ability and intent to hold such assets for a period of time sufficient to allow for recovery of the depreciated cost of such assets. If such a determination were to be made, we would recognize unrealized losses through earnings and write-down the depreciated cost of such assets to a new cost basis, based on the fair value of such assets on the date they are considered to be impaired. Such impairment charges reflect non-cash losses at the time of recognition; subsequent disposition or sale of such assets could further affect our future losses or gains, as they are based on the difference between the sale price received and adjusted depreciated cost of such assets at the time of sale. If we are required to recognize material asset impairment charges, these charges could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Corporate responsibility, specifically related to sustainability efforts, may expose us to new risks. Corporate responsibility evaluations remain highly important to some investors and other stakeholders. Certain organizations that provide corporate governance and other corporate risk advisory services to investors have developed scores and ratings to evaluate companies and investment funds based upon corporate responsibility metrics. Many investors focus on corporate responsibility-related business practices and scores when choosing to allocate their capital and may consider a company's score as a reputational or other factor in making an investment decision. Government regulators' and investors' increased focus and activism related to corporate responsibility and similar matters may constrain our business operations or increase expenses or capital expenditures. In recent years, certain initiatives relating to corporate responsibility matters, such as workplace inclusion and diversity, have attracted negative commentary and attention, which could expose the Company to additional risks. In addition, investors may decide to refrain from investing in us as a result of their assessment of our approach to and consideration of corporate responsibility factors. We may face reputational damage in the event our corporate responsibility procedures or standards do not meet the standards set by various constituencies. In addition, the criteria by which companies are rated for their efforts may change, which could cause us to receive different scores than in previous years. Our rating could result in a negative perception of the Company, exclusion of our securities from consideration by certain investors who may elect to invest with our competition instead and/or cause investors to reallocate their capital away from the Company, all of which could have an adverse impact on the price of our securities. Our various technology-related initiatives to improve our operating margins and customer experience may fail to perform as expected. We have developed/instituted and may continue to develop/institute technology-based initiatives that are intended to serve our customers better and operate more efficiently. Such initiatives have involved and may involve our employees having new or different responsibilities and processes with which they may be unfamiliar. We may incur significant costs and divert resources in connection with such initiatives, and these initiatives may not perform as expected, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 16 Table of Contents Risks Related to our Financing Strategy and Capital Structure Disruptions in the financial markets could hinder our ability to obtain debt and equity financing and impact our acquisitions and dispositions. Dislocations and disruptions in capital markets could result in increased costs or lack of availability of debt financing (including under our commercial paper program) and equity financing. This includes any disruptions that may occur as a result of the potential privatization of the currently government sponsored organizations, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which are major lenders to the apartment industry. Such events may affect our ability to refinance existing debt, require us to utilize higher cost alternatives and/or impair our ability to adjust to changing economic and business conditions. Capital market disruptions have and could continue to negatively impact our ability to make acquisitions or make it more difficult or not possible for us to sell properties or may unfavorably affect the price we receive for properties that we do sell. Such disruptions could cause the price of our securities to decline. Changes in market conditions and volatility of share prices could decrease the market price of our Common Shares. The stock markets, including the New York Stock Exchange on which we list our Common Shares, have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations over time, including in recent years. As a result, the market price of our Common Shares has been and could continue to be similarly volatile. Investors in our Common Shares consequently may experience a decrease in the value of their shares, including decreases due to this volatility and not necessarily related to our operating performance or prospects. Additionally, the market price of our Common Shares may decline or fluctuate significantly in response to the sale of substantial amounts of our Common Shares, or the anticipation of the sale of such shares, by large holders of our securities, as well as our inclusion or exclusion from stock indices. The issuance of additional Common Shares by the Company, or the perception that such issuances might occur, could also cause significant volatility and decreases in the value of our shares. Continuing high interest rates can also negatively impact the value of our Common Shares, not just through higher interest expense on our debt, but also as investors and markets discount our earnings more and/or assume slower growth in earnings. Our financial counterparties may not perform their obligations. Disruptions in financial and credit markets or other events could impair the ability of our counterparties to perform under their contractual obligations to us. There are multiple financial institutions that are individually committed to provide borrowings under our revolving credit facility and to pay us amounts due under various interest rate derivative agreements. Should any of these institutions fail to perform their obligations when contractually required, our financial condition could be adversely affected. Rising interest rates can increase costs and impact the value of the Company’s assets. The Company is exposed to market risk from financial instruments primarily from changes in market interest rates. Such risks derive from the refinancing of debt at or prior to maturity, from exposure to interest rate fluctuations on floating rate debt and from derivative instruments utilized to swap fixed rate debt to floating rates or to hedge rates in anticipation of future debt issuances. Rising interest rates increased and may continue to increase our interest expense and the costs of refinancing existing debt. Higher interest rates also increased and could continue to increase capitalization rates, which may lead to reduced valuations of the Company’s assets. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect our results of operations. From time to time when we anticipate issuing debt securities, we may seek to limit our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates during the period prior to the pricing of the securities by entering into interest rate hedging contracts. Also, from time to time we may rely on interest rate hedging contracts to limit our exposure under variable rate debt to unfavorable changes in market interest rates. The settlement of interest rate hedging contracts may involve material charges. In addition, our use of interest rate hedging arrangements may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a hedging arrangement may default on the contract. There can be no assurance that our hedging activities will be effective and have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Insufficient cash flow could affect our ability to service existing debt and create refinancing risk. We are subject to risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments. We may not be able to refinance existing debt and if we can, the terms of such refinancing may be less favorable than the terms of existing indebtedness. Our inability to refinance, extend or repay debt with proceeds from other capital market transactions would negatively impact our financial condition. If the debt is secured, the mortgage holder may also foreclose on the property. 17 Table of Contents A significant downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our performance. A significant downgrade in our credit ratings, while not affecting our ability to draw proceeds under the Company’s revolving credit facility, would cause the corresponding borrowing costs to increase, impact our ability to borrow secured and unsecured debt, and potentially impair our ability to access the commercial paper market or otherwise limit our access to capital. In addition, a downgrade below investment grade would likely cause us to lose access to the commercial paper market and would require us to post cash collateral and/or letters of credit in favor of some of our secured lenders to cover our self-insured property and liability insurance deductibles or to obtain lower deductible insurance compliant with the lenders’ requirements at the lower ratings level. Financial covenants could limit operational flexibility and affect our overall financial position. The terms of our credit agreements, including our revolving credit facility and the indentures under which a substantial portion of our unsecured debt was issued, require us to comply with a number of financial covenants. These covenants may limit our flexibility to run our business and breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness and trigger a cross default of other debt. Some of our properties are financed with tax-exempt bonds or otherwise contain restrictive covenants or deed restrictions, including affordability requirements, which limit income from certain properties. The Company monitors compliance with the restrictive covenants and deed restrictions that affect these properties. While we generally believe that the interest rate benefit from financing properties with tax-exempt bonds more than outweighs any loss of income due to restrictive covenants or deed restrictions, this may not always be the case. Some of these requirements are complex, and our failure to comply with them may subject us to material fines or liabilities. We may change the dividend policy for our securities in the future. The decision to declare and pay dividends on our securities, as well as the timing, amount and composition of any such future dividends, is at the discretion of the Board of Trustees and will depend on actual and projected financial conditions, the Company’s actual and projected liquidity and operating results, the Company’s projected cash needs for capital expenditures and other investment activities and such other factors as the Company’s Board of Trustees deems relevant. The Board of Trustees may modify our dividend policy from time to time and any change in our dividend policy could negatively impact the market price of our securities. Issuances or sales of our Common Shares or Units may be dilutive. Any additional issuance of Common Shares (including those issued under our At-The-Market ("ATM") program) or Units would reduce the percentage of our Common Shares and Units owned by existing investors. In some circumstances, shareholders and unitholders will not be entitled to vote on whether or not we issue additional Common Shares or Units. In addition, depending on the terms and pricing of additional offerings of our Common Shares or Units along with the value of our properties, our shareholders and unitholders could experience dilution in both the book value and fair value of their Common Shares or Units, as well as dilution in our actual and expected earnings per share, funds from operations (“FFO”) per share and Normalized FFO per share. Regulatory and Tax Risks The adoption of, or changes in, rent control, rent stabilization, eviction and/or other regulations/restrictions could have an adverse effect on our operations and property values. In part due to increasing pressure from advocacy groups, a growing number of state and local governments (including at times the federal government) have enacted and may continue to consider enacting and/or expanding rent control, rent stabilization, eviction moratoriums or other regulations that restrict the methods and strategies by which we operate our business. These regulations specifically and/or effectively limit or could continue to limit our ability to raise rents or charge certain fees (either of which could have a retroactive effect), enforce residents’ or tenants’ contractual rent obligations or pursue collections, all of which could have an adverse impact on our operations and property values. Compliance or failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in substantial costs. Our properties are subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as state and local fire and life safety requirements, building and zoning codes, environmental and other related regulations, and federal, state and local accessibility requirements, including and in addition to those imposed by the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Fair Housing Act. Noncompliance could result in fines, subject us to lawsuits and require us to remediate or repair the noncompliance. Existing requirements could change and compliance with future requirements may require significant unanticipated expenditures that could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 18 Table of Contents Further, laws and regulations at the federal, state and local level requiring climate-related disclosures, including legislation enacted in the State of California, may increase compliance and data collection costs if and/or when such laws and regulations become effective. Environmental problems are possible and can be costly. Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require current or previous owners or operators of real estate to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances at such properties. The owner or operator may have to pay a governmental entity or third parties for property damage and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred by such parties in connection with the contamination. These laws typically impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants. Even if more than one person may have been responsible for the contamination, each person covered by the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs incurred. Third parties may also sue the owner or operator of a site for damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from that site. We cannot be assured that existing environmental assessments of our properties reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior owner of any of our properties did not create a material environmental condition not known to us, or that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to any of our properties. Changes in U.S. accounting standards may materially and adversely affect the reporting of our operations. The Company follows GAAP, which is established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”), an independent body whose standards are recognized by the SEC as authoritative for publicly held companies. The FASB and the SEC create and interpret accounting standards and may issue new accounting pronouncements or change the interpretation and application of these standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes could have a material impact on our reported consolidated results of operations and financial position. Any weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial reporting could result in a decrease of our share price. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal control over financial reporting. If we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which in turn could have a negative impact on our share price. Our failure to qualify as a REIT would have serious adverse consequences to our security holders. We plan to continue to meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT. Many of these requirements, for which there is limited judicial and administrative interpretation, however, are highly technical and complex. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that we have qualified or will qualify as a REIT in the future. The determination that we are a REIT requires an analysis of various factual matters that may not be totally within our control. To qualify as a REIT, our assets must be substantially comprised of real estate assets as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and related guidance and our gross income must generally come from rental and other real estate or passive related sources that are itemized in the REIT tax laws. We are also required to distribute to security holders at least 90% of our REIT taxable income excluding net capital gains. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates and would have to pay significant income taxes unless the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) granted us relief under certain statutory provisions. In addition, we would remain disqualified from taxation as a REIT for four years following the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. We would therefore have less money available for investments or for distributions to security holders and would no longer be required to make distributions to security holders. This would likely have a significant negative impact on the value of our securities. In addition, we own and may in the future own additional interests in subsidiary entities that have elected or will elect to be taxed as REITs. As such, each must separately satisfy all of the requirements to qualify for REIT status. If a subsidiary REIT did not satisfy such requirements, and certain relief provisions did not apply, it would be taxed as a regular corporation and its income would be subject to U.S. federal income taxation. Failure to comply with these complex REIT rules at the subsidiary REIT level can have a material and detrimental impact to EQR’s REIT status. Gain on disposition of assets held for sale in the ordinary course of business is subject to 100% tax. Any gain resulting from transfers of properties we hold as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is treated as income from a prohibited transaction subject to a 100% penalty tax unless certain safe harbor exceptions set forth in the Code apply. We do not believe that our transfers or disposals of property are prohibited transactions. However, whether property is held for investment purposes is a question that depends on all the facts and circumstances surrounding the particular transaction. The IRS may contend that certain transfers or dispositions of properties by us or contributions of properties are prohibited transactions. While we believe the IRS would not prevail in any such dispute, if the IRS were to argue successfully that a transfer or disposition of 19 Table of Contents property constituted a prohibited transaction, we would be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on any gain allocable to us from the prohibited transaction. In addition, income from a prohibited transaction might adversely affect our ability to satisfy the income tests for qualification as a REIT. We may be subject to legislative or regulatory tax changes that could negatively impact our financial condition. At any time, U.S. federal income tax laws governing REITs or impacting real estate or the administrative interpretations of those laws may be enacted or amended. We cannot predict if or when any new U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing U.S. federal income tax law, IRS and U.S. Department of Treasury regulations or other administrative guidance, will be adopted or become effective and any such law, regulation or interpretation may take effect retroactively. The Company and our shareholders could be negatively impacted by any such change in, or any new, U.S. federal income tax law, regulations or administrative guidance. REIT distribution requirements could limit our available cash. As a REIT, we are subject to annual distribution requirements, which limit the amount of cash we retain for other business purposes, including amounts to fund our growth. We generally must distribute annually at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, excluding any net capital gain, in order for our distributed earnings not to be subject to corporate income taxes. We intend to make distributions to our shareholders to comply with the requirements of the Code. However, differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash and/or nondeductible expenditures could require us to sell assets or borrow funds on a short-term or long-term basis to meet the 90% distribution requirement of the Code. To the extent we distribute at least 90%, but less than 100%, of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to tax at regular corporate tax rates on the retained portion. A substantial increase to our taxable income may reduce the flexibility of the Company to manage its portfolio through dispositions of properties other than through tax deferred transactions, such as Section 1031 exchanges, or cause the Company to borrow funds or liquidate investments on unfavorable terms in order to meet these distribution requirements. Tax elections regarding distributions may impact future liquidity of the Company or our shareholders. Under certain circumstances we have made and/or may consider making in the future, a tax election to treat certain distributions to shareholders made after the close of a taxable year as having been distributed during such closed taxable year. This election, which is provided for in the Code, may allow us to avoid increasing our dividends or paying additional income taxes in the current year. However, this could result in a constraint on our ability to decrease our dividends in future years without creating risk of either violating the REIT distribution requirements or generating additional income tax liability. In addition, the Company may be required to pay interest to the IRS based on such a distribution. In order to retain liquidity and continue to satisfy the REIT distribution requirements, the Company could issue shares rather than pay a dividend entirely in cash to shareholders. The IRS has published several rulings which have allowed REITs to offer shareholders the choice between shares or cash as a form of payment of a dividend (an “elective stock dividend”). However, REITs are generally required to structure the cash component to be no less than 20% of the total dividend paid. Therefore, it is possible that the total tax burden to shareholders resulting from an elective stock dividend may exceed the amount of cash received by the shareholder. Certain provisions of our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws and Maryland law and certain REIT tax requirements could inhibit changes in control. Certain provisions of our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws and Maryland law and certain REIT tax requirements may delay or prevent a change in control of the Company or other transactions that could provide our security holders with a premium over the then-prevailing market price of their securities or which might otherwise be in the best interest of our security holders. These provisions include: • To remain qualified as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, not more than 50% in value of our outstanding Shares may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of any year. To facilitate maintenance of our REIT qualification, the ownership limit in our Declaration of Trust, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits ownership by any single shareholder of more than 5% of the lesser of the number or value of any outstanding class of common or preferred shares. However, to reduce the ability of the Board of Trustees to use the ownership limit as an anti-takeover device, the Board of Trustees is required to grant a waiver of the ownership limit if the individual seeking a waiver demonstrates that such ownership would not jeopardize the Company’s status as a REIT. • Our Bylaws require certain information to be provided by any security holder, or persons acting in concert with such security holder, who proposes business or a nominee at an annual meeting of shareholders, including disclosure of information related to hedging activities and investment strategies with respect to our securities. 20 Table of Contents • While our existing preferred shares/preference units do not have all of the above provisions, our Declaration of Trust authorizes our Board of Trustees to issue preferred shares and set the terms of such securities, which could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company even if a change in control were in the interest of our security holders. • Certain provisions of Maryland law prohibit certain “business combinations” between us and an “interested shareholder” (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10% or more of the voting power of our securities or an affiliate thereof or an affiliate of ours who was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10% or more of the voting power of our then outstanding voting securities at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question) for five years after the most recent date on which the shareholder becomes an interested shareholder, and thereafter impose special shareholder voting requirements on these business combinations, unless certain fair price requirements are satisfied. General Risk Factors The occurrence of cyber incidents, or a deficiency in our cybersecurity, could negatively impact our business by causing a disruptio
[...TRUNCATED...]