TICKER=EQT|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/EQT_2026-02-18.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors make an investment in us speculative or risky and should be considered in evaluating our business and future prospects. Note that additional risks not presently known to us or that are currently considered immaterial may also have a negative impact on our business and operations. If any of the events or circumstances described below actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer and the trading price of EQT common stock or other securities could decline. Risks Associated with Natural Gas Upstream, Midstream and Processing Operations Drilling for, producing, gathering, transmitting, storing and processing natural gas are high-risk and costly activities with many uncertainties. Our future financial position, cash flows and results of operations depend on the success of our operating activities, which are subject to numerous risks beyond our control. Many factors may curtail, delay, suspend or cancel our scheduled drilling projects, the development schedule of wells which we do not operate but in which we have a working interest (referred to as non-operated wells), and our gathering, transmission, storage and processing operations, including the following: • delays imposed by or resulting from compliance with regulatory requirements, including limitations resulting from permitting, wastewater disposal, emission of GHGs, and limitations on hydraulic fracturing; • shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, rigs, pipe, materials, qualified personnel, water (for hydraulic fracturing activities) or other natural resources needed for our operations; • supply chain disruptions or labor shortage impacts; • equipment failures, accidents or other unexpected operational events; • lack of available gathering and water facilities or delays in the construction of gathering and water facilities; • aging infrastructure and mechanical or structural problems; • failure of equipment, facilities or new technology; • damage to pipelines, wells and storage assets, facilities, equipment, environmental controls and surrounding properties, and pipeline blockages or other operational interruptions, caused or exacerbated by natural phenomena, weather conditions, acts of sabotage, vandalism and terrorism; • security risks, including cybersecurity incidents; • inadvertent damage from construction, vehicles, and farm and utility equipment; • lack of available capacity on interconnecting transportation pipelines; • adverse weather conditions, such as flooding, droughts, freeze-offs, fires, landslides, blizzards and ice storms; • issues related to compliance with environmental regulations; • environmental hazards, such as natural gas leaks, oil and diesel spills, pipeline and tank ruptures, encountering naturally occurring radioactive materials, and unauthorized discharges of brine, well stimulation and completion fluids, toxic gases or other pollutants into the surface and subsurface environment; • leaks, migrations or losses of natural gas as a result of issues regarding pipeline and/or storage equipment or facilities and, including with respect to storage assets, as a result of undefined boundaries, geologic anomalies, limitations in then-applied industry-standard testing methodologies, operational practices (including as a result of regulatory requirements), natural pressure migration and wellbore migration or other factors relevant to such storage assets; • declines in natural gas, NGLs and oil market prices; • limited availability of financing at acceptable terms; • ongoing litigation or adverse court rulings; • public opposition to our operations; • title, surface access, coal mining and right of way issues; and • limitations in the market for natural gas, NGLs and oil. Any of these risks can cause a delay or suspension of our operations, including our development program or the scheduled development of non-operated wells in which we have a working interest, or result in substantial financial losses, personal injury or loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, natural resources and equipment, pollution, environmental contamination and other regulatory penalties. 34 Table of Contents The location of certain segments of our wells and pipeline systems in or near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the damages resulting from these risks. Accidents or other operating risks have resulted, and in the future could result, in loss of service available to our pipeline customers. Customer impacts arising from service interruptions on segments of our pipeline systems and/or our assets have included and/or may include, without limitation and as applicable, curtailments, limitations on our ability to satisfy customer contractual requirements, obligations to provide reservation charge credits to customers and solicitation of our existing customers by third parties for potential new projects that would compete directly with our existing services. Such circumstances could adversely impact our ability to retain customers and negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Additionally, we cannot control or otherwise influence the development schedule of non-operated wells in which we have a working interest. Adjustments to our planned development schedule or the development schedule of non-operated wells in which we have a working interest could impact our future sales volume, operating revenues and expenses, per unit metrics and capital expenditures. We are subject to risks associated with the operation of our wells, pipelines and facilities. Our business is subject to all of the inherent hazards and risks normally incidental to drilling for, producing, transporting, storing, processing, gathering and compressing natural gas, NGLs and oil, such as fires, explosions, slips, landslides, blowouts, and well cratering; pipe and other equipment and system failures; delays imposed by, or resulting from, compliance with regulatory requirements; formations with abnormal or unexpected pressures; shortages of, or delays in, obtaining equipment, pipe and qualified personnel or in obtaining water and other natural resources for hydraulic fracturing activities; adverse weather conditions, such as freeze offs of wells and pipelines due to cold weather; issues related to compliance with environmental regulations; environmental hazards, such as natural gas leaks, oil and diesel spills, pipeline and tank ruptures, encountering naturally occurring radioactive materials, and unauthorized releases of brine, well stimulation and completion fluids, wastewater, toxic gases or other pollutants into the environment, especially those that reach surface water or groundwater; inadvertent third-party damage to our assets; and natural disasters. We also face various risks or threats to the operation and security of our or third parties' facilities and infrastructure, such as processing plants, compressor stations and pipelines. Any of these risks could result in substantial losses due to personal injury and/or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, equipment and natural resources, pollution or other environmental damage, loss of hydrocarbons, disruptions to our operations, regulatory investigations and penalties, suspension of our operations, repair and remediation costs, and loss of sensitive confidential information. Moreover, in the event that one or more of these hazards occur, there can be no assurance that a response will be adequate to limit or reduce damage. As a result of these risks, we are also sometimes a defendant in legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. There can be no assurance that the insurance policies we maintain to limit our liability for such losses will be adequate to protect us from all material expenses related to potential future claims for personal injury and property damage or that such levels of insurance will be available in the future at economical prices or to cover all risks. In addition, pollution and environmental risks generally are not fully insurable, and we may elect not to obtain insurance for any or all of these risks if we believe that the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the risks presented. The occurrence of an event that is not fully covered by insurance could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Additionally, our investment in midstream infrastructure development and maintenance programs is intended, among other items, to connect our wells to other existing gathering and transmission pipelines and can involve significant risks, including those relating to timing, cost overruns and operational inefficiency. Significant portions of our natural gas production are dependent on a small number of key compression and processing stations. An operational issue at any of those stations would materially impact our production, cash flows and results of operation. Significant portions of our assets have been in service for several decades. There could be unknown events or conditions, or increased maintenance or repair expenses and downtime, associated with our assets that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Significant portions of our transmission and storage systems have been in service for several decades. The age and condition of these systems has contributed to, and could result in, adverse events, or increased maintenance or repair expenditures, and downtime associated with increased maintenance or repair activities, as applicable. Any such adverse events or any significant increase in maintenance and repair expenditures or downtime, or related loss of revenue, due to the age or condition of our systems could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 35 Table of Contents Expanding our business by constructing new midstream assets subjects us to construction, business, economic, competitive, regulatory, judicial, environmental, political and legal uncertainties that are beyond our control. The development and construction by us or our joint ventures of pipeline and storage facilities and the optimization of such assets involve numerous construction, business, economic, competitive, regulatory, judicial, environmental, political and legal uncertainties that are beyond our control, require the expenditure of significant amounts of capital and expose us to risks. Those risks include, but are not limited to: • physical construction conditions, such as topographical, or unknown or unanticipated geological, conditions and impediments; • construction site access logistics; • crew availability and productivity and ability to adhere to construction workforce drawdown plans; • adverse weather conditions; • project opposition, including delays caused by landowners, advocacy groups or activists opposed to our projects and/or the natural gas industry through lawsuits or intervention in regulatory proceedings; • evolving regulatory or legal requirements and related impacts therefrom, including additional costs of compliance; • the application of time of year or other regulatory restrictions affecting construction; • failure to meet customer contractual requirements; • environmental conditions; • vandalism and acts of sabotage; • the lack of available skilled labor, equipment and materials (or escalating costs in respect thereof, including as a result of inflation and/or tariffs, particularly on steel and aluminum); • issues regarding availability of or access to connecting infrastructure; and • the inability to obtain necessary rights-of-way or approvals and permits from regulatory agencies on a timely basis or at all (and maintain such rights-of-way, approvals and permits once obtained). Risks inherent in the construction of these types of projects, such as unanticipated geological conditions, challenging terrain in certain of our construction areas and severe or continuous adverse weather conditions, have adversely affected, and in the future could adversely affect, project timing, completion and costs, as well as increase the risk of loss of human life, personal injury, significant damage to property or environmental contamination. Most notably, certain of these risks have been realized in the construction of MVP Mainline, including construction-related risks and adverse weather conditions, and such risks or other risks may be realized in the future which may further adversely affect the timing and/or cost of MVP Mainline, MVP Southgate and MVP Boost. Given such risks and uncertainties, our midstream projects or those of our joint ventures may not be completed on schedule, within budgeted cost or at all. As a further example, public participation, including by pipeline infrastructure opponents, in the review and permitting process of projects, through litigation or otherwise, has previously introduced, and in the future could introduce, uncertainty and adversely affect project timing, completion and cost. Further, civil protests regarding environmental justice, environmental health and safety, and social issues or challenges in project permitting processes related to such issues, including proposed construction and location of infrastructure associated with fossil fuels, poses an increased risk and may lead to increased litigation, legislative and regulatory initiatives and review at federal, state, tribal and local levels of government or permitting delays that could prevent or delay the construction of such infrastructure and realization of associated revenues. Additionally, construction expenditures on projects generally occur over an extended period, yet we will not receive revenues from, or realize any material increases in cash flow as a result of, the relevant project until it is placed into service. Moreover, our cash flow from a project may be delayed or may not meet our expectations, including as a result of taxes which could potentially be calculated based on excess expenditures, inclusive of maintenance, incurred during extended court-driven construction delays. Furthermore, we may construct facilities to capture anticipated future growth in production and/or demand in a region in which such growth does not materialize or is delayed beyond our expectations. As a result, new facilities may not be able to attract enough throughput to achieve our expected investment return. Such issues in respect of the construction of midstream assets could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 36 Table of Contents A terrorist attack or armed conflict targeting our systems or natural gas infrastructure generally could materially adversely impact our operations. Growing geopolitical instability and armed conflicts (including in Venezuela, Russia and Ukraine, and the Middle East) has resulted in energy infrastructure becoming a more prominent target of attack by terrorists and conflicting countries. Natural gas, NGLs and oil related facilities, including those operated by us or our service providers, could be direct targets of physical or cyber-attacks, and, if infrastructure integral to our operations is destroyed or damaged, we may experience a significant disruption in our operations. Any such disruption could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Costs for insurance and other security may increase as a result of increased threats, and certain insurance coverage may become more difficult to obtain, if available at all. Potential physical effects of climate change could disrupt our upstream, midstream and processing activities, cause us to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to those effects, or otherwise adversely affect our business. Many scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth's atmosphere produce climate changes that may have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, fires, floods, droughts, and other extreme climatic events. If any such effects were to occur, they have the potential to cause physical damage to our assets or affect the availability of water and thus could have an adverse effect on our operations. Potential adverse effects could include disruption of our production activities; delays in getting our and our customers' produced natural gas and NGLs to market or possibly shut-in as a result of physical damage to pipelines, other midstream infrastructure and processing facilities; increases in our costs of operation or reductions in the efficiency of our operations; reduced availability of electrical power, road accessibility, and transportation facilities; impacts on our personnel, supply chain, distribution chain or customers; and potentially increased costs for insurance coverages in the aftermath of such effects. Such physical effects could also adversely affect or delay demand for our products and midstream services or cause us to incur significant costs in preparing for, or responding to, the effects of climatic or weather events themselves. Further, energy demand could increase or decrease as a result of extreme weather conditions. A decrease in energy use due to weather or climatic changes may affect our financial condition through decreased revenues. Any one of these factors has the potential to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. Our ability to mitigate the physical impacts of adverse weather conditions depends in part upon our disaster preparedness and response along with our business continuity planning. Our drilling locations are scheduled out over many years, making them susceptible to uncertainties that could materially alter the occurrence or timing of when they are drilled, if at all. Our management team has specifically identified and scheduled certain well locations as an estimation of our future multi-year drilling activities on our existing acreage. These well locations represent a significant part of our business strategy. Our ability to drill and develop these locations depends on a number of uncertainties, including natural gas, NGLs and oil prices; the availability and cost of capital; drilling and production costs; the availability of drilling services and equipment; drilling results; lease expirations; topography; gathering system and pipeline transportation costs and constraints; access to and availability of sand and water and corresponding materials sourcing and distribution systems, including railroads; coordination with coal mining; regulatory approvals; and other factors. Because of these uncertain factors, we do not know if the drilling locations we have scheduled will ever be drilled or if we will be able to produce natural gas, NGLs or oil from these or any other drilling locations. In addition, if production is not established within the spacing units covering our undeveloped acres in accordance with the requisite timeframe set forth in the applicable lease, our leases for such acreage will expire. Further, certain of the horizontal wells we intend to drill in the future may require pooling or unitization with adjacent leaseholds controlled by third parties. If these third parties are unwilling to pool or unitize such leaseholds with ours, the total locations we can drill may be limited. As such, our actual drilling activities may materially differ from those presently identified. Failure to timely develop our leased real property could result in increased capital expenditures and/or impairment of our leases. Mineral rights are typically owned by individuals who may enter into property leases with us to allow for the development of natural gas. Such leases expire after an initial term, typically five years, unless certain actions are taken to preserve the lease. If we cannot preserve a lease, the lease terminates. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 5% of our net undeveloped acres are subject to leases that could expire over the next three years. Lack of access to capital, changes in government regulations, changes in future development plans or commodity prices, reduced drilling activity, or the reduction in the fair value of undeveloped properties in the areas in which we operate could impact our ability to preserve, trade or sell our leases prior to their expiration, resulting in the termination or impairment of leases for properties that we have not developed. 37 Table of Contents We evaluate capitalized costs of unproved oil and gas properties at least annually to determine recoverability on a prospective basis. Indicators of potential impairment include changes brought about by economic factors, potential shifts in our business strategy and historical experience. The likelihood of an impairment of unproved oil and gas properties increases as the expiration of a lease term approaches and drilling activity has not commenced. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we recorded impairment and expiration of leases of $51.2 million, $97.4 million and $109.4 million, respectively. Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We do not own all of the land on which our pipelines and facilities are located, which could disrupt our operations and future development. We do not own all of the land on which our pipelines, storage systems and facilities have been constructed, and we have been, and in the future could be, subject to more onerous terms, and/or increased costs or delays, in attempting (or by virtue of the need to attempt) to acquire or to maintain use rights to land. Although many of these rights are perpetual in nature, we occasionally obtain the rights to construct and operate our pipelines and other facilities on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time or in a manner in which certain facts could give rise to the presumption of the abandonment of the pipeline or other facilities. As has been the case in the past, if we were to be unsuccessful in negotiating or renegotiating rights-of-way or easements, we might have to institute condemnation proceedings on our FERC-regulated assets, the potential for which may have a negative effect on the timing and/or terms of FERC action on a project's certification application and/or the timing of any authorized activities, or relocate our facilities for non-regulated assets. It is possible that Congress may amend Section 7 of the NGA to limit, modify or remove the ability to utilize condemnation. It is also possible that a court may limit, modify or remove an operator's ability to utilize condemnation under Section 7 of the NGA. A loss of rights-of-way, lease or easements or a relocation of our non-regulated assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. Additionally, even when we own an interest in the land on which our pipelines, storage systems and facilities have been constructed, agreements with correlative rights owners have caused us to, and in the future may require that we, relocate pipelines and facilities or shut in storage systems and facilities to facilitate the development of the correlative rights owners' estate, or pay the correlative rights owners the lost value of their estate if they are not willing to accommodate development. We may incur losses as a result of title defects in the properties we lease. Our inability to cure any title defects in our leases in a timely and cost-efficient manner may delay or prevent us from utilizing the associated mineral interest or developing planned midstream infrastructure, which may adversely impact our ability in the future to increase our production and reserves or meet customer demands for midstream services. The existence of a material title deficiency can render a lease worthless and can adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. The amount and timing of actual future natural gas, NGLs and oil production is difficult to predict and may vary significantly from our estimates, which may reduce our earnings. Because the rate of production from natural gas and oil wells, and associated NGLs, generally declines as reserves are depleted, our future success depends upon our ability to develop additional reserves that are economically recoverable and to optimize existing well production, and our failure to do so may reduce our earnings. Additionally, a failure to effectively and efficiently operate existing wells may cause our production volume to fall short of our projections. Our drilling and subsequent maintenance of wells can involve significant risks, including those related to timing, cost overruns and operational inefficiency, and these risks can be affected by the availability of capital, leases, rigs, equipment, a qualified work force, and adequate capacity for the treatment and recycling or disposal of wastewater generated in our operations, as well as weather conditions, natural gas, NGLs and oil price volatility, regulatory approvals, title and property access problems, geology, equipment failure or accidents and other factors. Drilling for natural gas and oil can be unprofitable, not only due to dry wells, but also as a result of productive wells that perform below expectations or that do not produce sufficient revenues to return a profit. Low natural gas, NGLs and oil prices may further limit the types of reserves that we can develop and produce economically. Except to the extent that we acquire additional properties containing proved reserves, conduct successful exploration and development activities or, through engineering studies, identify additional behind-pipe zones or secondary recovery reserves, our proved reserves will decline as reserves are produced. Our future natural gas, NGLs and oil production, therefore, is highly dependent upon our level of success in acquiring or finding additional reserves that are economically recoverable. We cannot be certain that we will be able to find or acquire and develop additional reserves at an acceptable cost. Without continued successful development or acquisition activities, together with efficient operation of existing wells, our reserves and production, together with associated revenues, will decline as a result of our current reserves being depleted by production. 38 Table of Contents Our proved reserves are estimates that are based on many assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Any significant change in these underlying assumptions will greatly affect the quantities and present value of our reserves. Reserve engineering is a subjective process involving estimates of underground accumulations of natural gas, NGLs and oil and assumptions concerning future prices, production levels and operating and development costs, some of which are beyond our control. These estimates and assumptions are inherently imprecise, and we may adjust our estimates of proved reserves based on changes in these estimates or assumptions. As a result, estimated quantities of proved reserves and projections of future production rates and the timing of development expenditures may prove to be inaccurate. Any significant variance from our assumptions could greatly affect our estimates of reserves, the economically recoverable quantities of natural gas, NGLs and oil, the classifications of reserves based on risk of recovery and estimates of future net cash flows. To the extent we experience a sustained period of reduced commodity prices, there is a risk that a portion of our proved reserves could be deemed uneconomic and no longer be classified as proved. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, actual production, revenues and costs to develop reserves will likely vary from our estimates and these variances could be material. Numerous changes over time to the assumptions on which our reserve estimates are based, as described above, often result in the actual quantities of natural gas, NGLs and oil we ultimately recover being different from our reserve estimates. The standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves is not the same as the current market value of our estimated natural gas, NGLs and oil reserves. You should not assume that the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves is the current market value of our estimated natural gas, NGLs and oil reserves. In accordance with SEC requirements, we based the discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves on the twelve-month unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for the preceding twelve months without giving effect to derivative transactions. Actual future net cash flows from our reserves will be affected by factors such as the actual prices we receive for natural gas, NGLs and oil, the amount, timing and cost of actual production and changes in governmental regulations or taxation. The timing of both our production and our incurrence of expenses in connection with the development and production of oil and gas properties will affect the timing and amount of actual future net revenues from proved reserves, and thus their actual present value. In addition, the 10% discount factor we use when calculating the standardized measure may not be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with our operations or the natural gas, NGLs and oil industry in general. Natural gas, NGLs and oil price declines, and changes in our development strategy, have resulted in impairment of certain of our assets. Future declines in commodity prices, increases in operating costs or adverse changes in well performance or additional changes in our development strategy may result in additional write-downs of the carrying amounts of our assets, including long-lived intangible assets, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations in future periods. We review the carrying values of our assets for indications of impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the remaining carrying value may not be recoverable. A significant amount of judgment is involved in performing these evaluations because the results are based on estimated future events and estimated future cash flows. The estimated future cash flows used to test our proved oil and gas properties for recoverability are based on proved and, if determined reasonable by management, risk-adjusted probable reserves, utilizing assumptions generally consistent with the assumptions used by our management for internal planning and budgeting purposes. Key assumptions used in our analyses include, among other things, the intended use of the asset, the anticipated production from reserves, future market prices for natural gas, NGLs and oil, future operating and development costs, inflation and the anticipated proceeds that may be received upon divestiture if there is a possibility that the asset will be divested prior to the end of its useful life. Commodity pricing is estimated by using a combination of the three-year NYMEX forward strip prices and assumptions related to gas quality, locational basis adjustments and inflation. Proved oil and gas properties that have carrying amounts in excess of estimated future cash flows are written down to fair value, which is estimated by discounting the estimated future cash flows using discount rate assumptions that marketplace participants would use in their estimates of fair value. 39 Table of Contents Future declines in natural gas, NGLs or oil prices, increases in operating costs or adverse changes in well performance, among other circumstances, may result in our having to make significant future downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves and/or could result in additional non-cash impairment charges to write-down the carrying amount of our assets, including other long-lived intangible assets, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in future periods. Any impairment of our assets, including other long-lived intangible assets, would require us to take an immediate charge to earnings. Such charges could be material to our results of operations and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. See "Critical Accounting Estimates" included in Item 7., "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our significant accounting policies and assumptions related to accounting for natural gas, NGLs and oil producing activities and impairment of our oil and gas properties. Financial and Market Risks Applicable to Our Business Natural gas, NGLs and oil prices are affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including many of which that are unknown and cannot be anticipated, and we cannot predict with certainty future potential movements in the price for these commodities. Our primary business involves the exploration, production, gathering, transmission and sale of hydrocarbons, and in particular, natural gas. Consequently, our revenue, profitability, future rate of growth, liquidity and financial position depend upon the market prices for natural gas and, to a lesser extent, NGLs and oil. Because our production and reserves predominantly consist of natural gas (approximately 93% of our equivalent proved developed reserves as of December 31, 2025), changes in natural gas prices have a significantly greater impact on our financial results than oil prices. The prices for natural gas, NGLs and oil have historically been volatile and have been particularly volatile in recent years. The daily spot prices for NYMEX Henry Hub natural gas ranged from a high of $9.86 per MMBtu to a low of $2.65 per MMBtu between the period from January 1, 2025 through December 31, 2025, and the daily spot prices for NYMEX WTI oil ranged from a high of $80.73 per barrel to a low of $55.44 per barrel during the same period. NGLs are made up of ethane, propane, isobutane, normal butane and natural gasoline, all of which have different uses and different pricing characteristics, which adds further volatility to the pricing of NGLs. We expect commodity price volatility to continue or increase in the future due to rising macroeconomic uncertainty and geopolitical tensions. Commodity prices are affected by a number of factors beyond our control, which include: • weather conditions and seasonal trends; • the domestic and foreign supply of and demand for natural gas, NGLs and oil; • prevailing prices on local price indexes in the areas in which we operate and expectations about future commodity prices (the market price for natural gas in the Appalachian Basin is typically lower relative to NYMEX Henry Hub as a result of the increased production and supply of natural gas in the Northeast United States); • national and worldwide economic and political conditions, particularly those in, or affecting, other countries which are significant producers of natural gas and/or oil; • new and competing exploratory finds of natural gas, NGLs and oil; • changes in U.S. exports of natural gas, NGLs and oil; • the effect of energy conservation efforts; • the price, availability and consumer demand for alternative fuels; • the availability, proximity, capacity and cost of pipelines, other transportation facilities, and gathering, processing and storage facilities and other factors that result in differentials to benchmark prices; • technological advances affecting energy consumption and production; • the actions of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries; • the level and effect of trading in commodity futures markets, including commodity price speculators and others; • the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and transporting natural gas, NGLs and oil; • risks associated with drilling, completion and upstream operations; and • domestic, local and foreign governmental regulations, tariffs and taxes, including environmental and climate change regulation. 40 Table of Contents We use financial models to attempt to project future prices for the hydrocarbons we produce and sell, and we make decisions regarding our production, operations and hedging strategy in part based on such modeling. However, due to the volatility of commodity prices and the multitude of external factors that impact commodity prices, many of which are unknown and unforeseeable, we are unable to predict with certainty future potential movements in the market prices for natural gas, NGLs and oil. The success of our plans and strategies could be negatively affected if our projections of future hydrocarbon prices are significantly different from the ultimate actual prices. Natural gas, NGLs and oil price volatility, or a prolonged period of low natural gas, NGLs and oil prices, may have an adverse effect on our revenue, profitability, future rate of growth, liquidity and financial position. Prolonged low, and/or significant or extended declines in, natural gas, NGLs and oil prices may adversely affect our revenues, operating income, cash flows, financial projections, and financial position, particularly if we are unable to control our development costs during periods of lower natural gas, NGLs and oil prices. Declines in prices could also adversely affect our drilling activities and the amount of natural gas, NGLs and oil that we can produce economically, which may result in our having to make significant downward adjustments to the value of our assets and could cause us to incur non-cash impairment charges to earnings. Other producers could be similarly impacted by declines in natural gas prices, potentially resulting in decreased demand for our gathering and transmission services, thereby reducing our cash flows from such operations. Reductions in cash flows from lower commodity prices may require us to incur additional debt or reduce our capital spending, which could reduce our production and our reserves, negatively affecting our future rate of growth. Reduced cash flows could also result in us having to make downward adjustments to our financial projections, such as free cash flow, and could cause us to revise our shareholder returns initiatives, including the amount of dividends paid on EQT common stock, which could negatively impact the price of EQT common stock and our ability to access the capital markets. Lower prices for natural gas, NGLs and oil may also adversely affect our credit ratings and result in a reduction in our borrowing capacity and access to other capital. See "Critical Accounting Estimates" included in Item 7., "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our significant accounting policies and assumptions related to accounting for natural gas, NGLs and oil producing activities and impairment of our oil and gas properties. Increases in natural gas, NGLs and oil prices may be accompanied by or result in increased well drilling costs, increased production taxes, increased LOE, increased volatility in seasonal gas price spreads for our storage assets and increased end-user conservation or conversion to alternative fuels. Significant natural gas price increases may subject us to margin calls on our commodity price derivative contracts (hedging arrangements, including swap, collar and option agreements and exchange-traded instruments), which would potentially require us to post significant amounts of cash collateral or letters of credit with our hedge counterparties and would negatively impact our liquidity. The cash collateral provided to our hedge counterparties, which is interest-bearing, is returned to us in whole or in part upon a reduction in forward market prices, depending on the amount of such reduction, or in whole upon settlement of the related derivative contract. To the extent we have hedged our current production at prices below the current market price, we will not benefit fully from an increase in the price of natural gas. Additionally, in recent years, volatility in natural gas prices and prolonged periods of high market prices for natural gas have led to calls by certain politicians to impose a windfall profits tax on natural gas producers, limit or prohibit the volume of LNG exports out of the United States and similar restrictive regulations on natural gas development and sales. While no such regulations have been passed in the United States, continued natural gas price volatility or prolonged high natural gas prices could result in the imposition of certain regulations directed at driving down the market price for natural gas. In the event such regulations are adopted, the price at which we sell our natural gas may be negatively impacted, thereby impacting our sales volume and operating revenues, and demand for our midstream services may decrease, diminishing the cash flows from such operations. We are also exposed to the risk of non-performance by our hedge counterparties in the event that changes, positive or negative, in natural gas prices result in our derivative contracts having a positive fair value in our favor. Further, adverse economic and market conditions could negatively affect the collectability of our trade receivables and cause our hedge counterparties to be unable to perform their obligations or to seek bankruptcy protection. 41 Table of Contents Increased competition from other companies that provide gathering, transmission and storage of natural gas, or from alternative fuel or energy sources, could negatively impact demand for our midstream services, which could adversely affect our financial results. Our ability to renew or replace existing contracts or add new contracts at rates sufficient to maintain or grow our Gathering segment and Transmission segment revenues and cash flows could be adversely affected by the activities of our midstream competitors. Our midstream systems compete primarily with other interstate and intrastate pipelines and storage facilities in the gathering, transmission and storage of natural gas. Some of our competitors have greater financial resources and may be better positioned to compete, including if the midstream industry moves towards greater consolidation. Some of these competitors may expand or construct gathering, transmission and storage systems that would create additional competition for the midstream services we provide to our customers. In addition, certain of our customers have developed or acquired their own gathering infrastructure, and may acquire or develop gathering, transmission or storage infrastructure in the future, which could have a negative impact on the demand for our midstream services depending on the location of such systems relative to our assets and our customers' drilling plans, commodity prices, existing contracts and other factors. The policies of the FERC promoting competition in natural gas markets continue to have the effect of increasing the natural gas transmission and storage options for our customer base. As a result, in the future we could experience "turnback" of firm capacity as existing agreements expire. If we are unable to remarket this capacity or can remarket it only at substantially discounted rates compared to previous contracts, we may have to bear the costs associated with the turned back capacity. Increased competition could reduce the volumes of natural gas transported or stored on our systems or, in cases where we do not have long-term firm contracts, could force us to lower our transmission or storage rates. Further, natural gas as a fuel competes with other forms of energy available to end-users, including coal, liquid fuels and, increasingly, renewable and alternative energy. Increases, whether driven by legislation, regulation or consumer preferences, in the availability and demand for renewable and alternative energy at the expense of natural gas (or increases in the demand for other sources of energy relative to natural gas based on price and other factors) could adversely affect the customers of our midstream services and lead to a reduction in demand for our natural gas gathering, transmission and storage services. In addition, competition, including from renewable and alternative energy, could intensify the negativ
[...TRUNCATED...]