TICKER=ERIE|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/ERIE_2026-02-23.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our business involves various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those discussed in this section. The risks and uncertainties described in the risk factors below, or any additional risk outside of those discussed below, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, or liquidity if they were to develop into actual events. This information should be considered carefully together with the other information contained in this report and in other reports and materials we file periodically with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our risks have been divided into the following categories: Risks related to Erie Insurance Exchange – risks related to our dependence on our relationship with the Exchange associated with management fees, premium growth, and financial condition, as the Exchange is our sole customer and principal source of revenue Operating risks – risks stemming from events or circumstances that directly or indirectly affect our operations, including our operations as attorney-in-fact for the subscribers at the Exchange Market, Capital, and Liquidity risks – risks that may impact the values or results of our investment portfolio, ability to meet financial obligations or covenants, or obtain capital as necessary Although we have organized risks generally according to these categories in the discussion below, risks may have impacts in more than one category and are included where the impact is most significant. Risks related to Erie Insurance Exchange If the management fee rate retained by Indemnity is reduced or if there is a significant decrease in the amount of direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange, revenues and profitability could be materially adversely affected. We are dependent upon management fees we retain, which represent our principal source of revenue. In accordance with the subscriber's agreement with the subscribers at the Exchange, we may retain up to 25% of all direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange. Therefore, management fee revenue from the Exchange is calculated by multiplying the management fee rate by the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange. Accordingly, any reduction in direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange and/or the management fee rate could decrease our revenues and net income. The management fee rate is set at least annually by our Board of Directors and may not exceed 25% of the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange. The process of setting the management fee rate includes, but is not limited to, the evaluation of current year operating results compared to both prior year and industry estimated results for both Indemnity and the Exchange, and consideration of several factors for both entities including, but not limited to: their relative financial strength and capital position; projected revenue, expense and earnings for the subsequent year; future capital needs; as well as competitive position. The evaluation of these factors could result in a reduction to the management fee rate and our revenues and profitability could be materially adversely affected. Regulatory or other third-party action affecting the management fee rate could also materially adversely affect our revenues and profitability. Serving as the attorney-in-fact for subscribers in the reciprocal insurance exchange structure with the Exchange being our sole customer, the growth of the Exchange could directly affect our operating revenue, which is largely generated from management fees based on the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange. If the Exchange's ability to grow or renew policies or implement rate changes were adversely impacted, the premium revenue of the Exchange could be adversely affected, which could reduce our management fee revenue. The circumstances or events that might impair the Exchange's ability to grow include, but are not limited to, the items discussed below. Unfavorable changes in macroeconomic conditions for any reason, including declining consumer confidence, inflation, high unemployment, lower demand for certain services, reduced personal income, and recession, among others, may lead the Exchange's customers to modify coverage, not renew policies, or even cancel policies, which could adversely affect the premium revenue of the Exchange, and consequently our management fee revenue. The direct written premium of the Exchange is impacted by the premium rates charged for policies. The Exchange writes policies almost exclusively with annual terms, therefore, premium rate actions take 12 months to be fully recognized in written 7 Table of Contents premium. The Exchange also writes certain personal auto policies with a rate locking feature. These product features generally extend the amount of time it takes for premium rate actions to be recognized related to these policies, affecting the premium revenue of the Exchange, and consequently our management fee revenue. The Exchange faces significant competition from other regional and national insurance companies. The property and casualty insurance industry is highly competitive on the basis of product, price and service. If the Exchange's competitors offer property and casualty products with more coverage, offer lower rates, or introduce innovative services in response to evolving customer preferences, and the Exchange is unable to implement product or service improvements quickly enough to keep pace, its ability to grow and renew its business may be adversely impacted. In addition, due to the Exchange's premium concentration in the automobile and homeowners insurance markets, it may be more sensitive to trends that could affect auto and home insurance coverages and rates over time, for example changing vehicle types or usage, usage-based methods of determining premiums, ownership and driving patterns such as ride sharing or remote work, advancements in vehicle or home technology or safety features such as accident and loss prevention technologies, the development of autonomous vehicles, or residential occupancy patterns, among other factors. Innovations, including the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning to support underwriting or other decisions, by competitors or other market participants may increase the level of competition in the industry. If the Exchange fails to respond to those innovations on a timely basis, its competitive position and results may be materially adversely affected. The Exchange markets and sells its insurance products through independent, non-exclusive insurance agencies. These agencies are not obligated to sell only the Exchange's insurance products, and generally also sell products of the Exchange's competitors. If agencies do not maintain their current levels of marketing efforts, bind the Exchange to unacceptable risks, place business with competing insurers, or if the Exchange is unsuccessful in attracting or retaining agencies in its distribution system or maintaining its relationships with those agencies, the Exchange's ability to grow and renew its business may be adversely impacted. Additionally, shifting consumer behaviors toward increased digital interactions may cause the insurance industry as a whole to migrate to a delivery system other than independent agencies. The Exchange maintains a brand recognized for customer service, which is the result of Indemnity's management of the Exchange in accordance with the subscriber's agreement. The perceived performance, actions, conduct and behaviors of employees, independent insurance agency representatives, and third-party service providers may result in reputational harm to the Exchange's brand. Specific incidents which may cause harm include but are not limited to disputes, long customer wait times, errors in processing a claim, failure to protect sensitive customer data, and negative or inaccurate social media or traditional media communications. Likewise, an inability to match or exceed the service provided by competitors, who are increasingly relying on digital delivery and enhanced distribution technology, may impede the Exchange's ability to maintain and/or grow its customer base. If an extreme catastrophic event were to occur in a heavily concentrated geographic area of subscribers (policyholders), an extraordinarily high number of claims could have the potential to strain claims processing and affect the Exchange's ability to service its customers. If third-party service providers fail to perform as anticipated, the Exchange may experience operational difficulties, increased costs, and reputational damage. Similarly, the Exchange's brand could be tarnished by reactions to business practices, adverse financial developments, perceptions of our corporate governance, and how we address employee matters and concerns, the conduct of our employees, officers and directors, or environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices, including corporate diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) initiatives. Failure to satisfy expectations in these areas may result in negative publicity or other adverse outcomes, which could be aggravated as the expectations of consumers, regulators and other stakeholders evolve and as social media and other forms of modern communication rapidly magnify reactions. Any reputational harm to the Exchange could have the potential to impair its ability to grow and renew its business. As the attorney-in-fact for subscribers in the reciprocal insurance exchange structure with the Exchange as our sole customer, we are dependent on the financial condition of the Exchange. If the Exchange were to fail to maintain acceptable financial strength ratings, its competitive position in the insurance industry could be adversely affected. If a rating downgrade led to customers not renewing or canceling policies, or impacted the Exchange's ability to attract new customers, the premium revenue of the Exchange could be adversely affected, which could reduce our management fee revenue. The circumstances or events that might impair the Exchange's financial condition include, but are not limited to, the items discussed below. Financial strength ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies such as the Exchange. Higher ratings generally indicate greater financial stability and a stronger ability to meet ongoing obligations to policyholders. The Exchange's AM Best rating is currently A ("Excellent"). AM Best periodically reviews the Exchange's ratings and changes their rating criteria; therefore, the Exchange's current rating may not be maintained in the future. A significant downgrade in the AM Best rating could reduce the competitive position of the Exchange, making it more difficult to 8 Table of Contents attract profitable business in the highly competitive property and casualty insurance market and potentially result in reduced sales of its products and lower premium revenue. The performance of the Exchange's investment portfolio is subject to a variety of investment risks. The Exchange's investment portfolio is comprised principally of fixed income securities, equity securities and limited partnerships. The fixed income portfolio is subject to a number of risks including, but not limited to, interest rate risk, investment credit risk, sector/concentration risk and liquidity risk. The Exchange's common stock and preferred equity securities have exposure to price risk, the risk of potential loss in estimated fair value resulting from an adverse change in prices. Limited partnerships are significantly less liquid and generally involve higher degrees of price risk than publicly traded securities. Limited partnerships, like publicly traded securities, have exposure to market volatility; but unlike fixed income securities, cash flows and return expectations are less predictable. Additionally, a portion of the Exchange's common stock and limited partnership portfolios are exposed to foreign exchange rate risk, or the potential loss in estimated fair value resulting from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. If any investments in the Exchange's investment portfolio were to suffer a substantial decrease in value, the Exchange's financial position could be materially adversely affected through increased unrealized losses or impairments. A significant decrease in the Exchange's portfolio could also put it, or its subsidiaries, at risk of failing to satisfy regulatory or rating agency minimum capital requirements. Property and casualty insurers are subject to extensive regulatory supervision in the states in which they do business. This regulatory oversight includes, by way of example, matters relating to licensing, examination, rate setting, market conduct, policy forms, limitations on the nature and amount of certain investments, claims practices, mandated participation in involuntary markets and guaranty funds, reserve adequacy, insurer solvency, restrictions on underwriting standards, accounting standards, transactions between affiliates, risk management, cybersecurity and data privacy, and ESG practices. Such regulation and supervision are primarily for the benefit and protection of policyholders. Changes in applicable insurance laws, tax statutes, cyber, privacy, and other laws and regulations, or changes in the way regulators administer those laws, tax statutes, or regulations could adversely impact the Exchange's business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition, or operating environment and increase its exposure to loss or put it at a competitive disadvantage, which could result in reduced sales of its products and lower premium revenue. Property and casualty insurers face a significant risk of litigation and state and federal regulatory investigations, inquiries and actions in the ordinary course of operating their businesses, including the risk of class action lawsuits. Plaintiffs in class action and other lawsuits against the Exchange may seek large or indeterminate amounts of damages, including punitive and treble damages, the ultimate amounts of which may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. The uncertainty of risks that emerge upon the occurrence of significant unexpected events, such as pandemics, or unexpected economic or social inflation caused by supply chain issues, changes in tariffs, societal trends, or otherwise, may cause additional challenges in the process of estimating loss and loss adjustment expense reserves or premiums to accommodate future claims and expenses. For example, the behavior of claimants and policyholders, including increased attorney involvement and third-party litigation financing, could result in higher jury awards. Furthermore, actions taken by governmental bodies, both legislative and regulatory, in reaction to significant unexpected events, and their related impacts, are hard to predict. Technology advancements, such as electric and autonomous vehicles, could impact frequency or severity of losses. The models that are used to determine appropriate premium levels, forecast future losses and expenses, estimate loss and loss adjustment expense reserves, and assess financial strength may be created or deployed in a manner that results in inaccurate predictions. Additionally, as the Exchange writes policies almost exclusively with annual terms, premium rate actions take 12 months to be fully recognized in written premium and another 12 months to earn the increased or decreased premiums in full. The Exchange also writes certain personal auto policies with a rate locking feature, which generally extends the amount of time it takes for premium rate actions to be recognized related to these policies. These risks may result in changes to the Exchange's estimated level of loss and loss adjustment expense reserves or impact the adequacy of premiums to accommodate future claims and expenses. As insurance industry practices and legal, judicial, social and other environmental factors change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. In some instances, these emerging issues may not become apparent for some time after the Exchange has issued the affected insurance policies. As a result, the full extent of liability under the Exchange's insurance policies may not be known for many years after the policies are issued. These issues may adversely affect the Exchange's business by either extending coverage beyond its underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims. If there were legislative action in response to a pandemic or other significant unexpected event that retroactively mandated coverage irrespective of terms, exclusions or other conditions included in policies that would otherwise preclude coverage, it could have a material impact on the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Exchange. 9 Table of Contents The Exchange's insurance operations are exposed to claims arising out of catastrophes. Common natural catastrophic events in the Exchange's footprint include tropical cyclones, earthquakes, severe convective storms, and severe winter weather. Additional perils that the Exchange is exposed to through its assumed property reinsurance portfolio include wildfires, tsunamis, and floods. The frequency and severity of these catastrophes are inherently uncertain. Changing climate conditions have created additional uncertainty regarding the future trends in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. Increases in the insured value and geographic concentration of exposures, as well as the impact of inflation, may increase the severity of catastrophe losses. A single catastrophic occurrence or aggregation of multiple smaller occurrences within the geographical region of the Exchange or its assumed property reinsurance portfolio could adversely affect the financial condition of the Exchange. Man-made disasters such as terrorist attacks and riots could also cause losses from insurance claims related to the property and casualty insurance operations, which could adversely affect its financial condition. Operating risks If the costs of providing services to the Exchange are not controlled, our profitability could be materially adversely affected. In accordance with the subscriber's agreement, we perform policy issuance and renewal services for the subscribers at the Exchange and we serve as the attorney-in-fact on behalf of the subscribers at the Exchange with respect to administrative services. The most significant costs we incur in providing policy issuance and renewal services are commissions, employee costs, and technology costs. Commissions to independent agents are our largest expense. Commissions include scheduled commissions to agents based upon premiums written as well as incentive compensation, which is earned by achieving certain targeted measures. Changes to commission rates or incentive programs may result in increased future costs and lower profitability. Our agent incentive compensation includes a property and casualty underwriting profitability component. Any significant decrease in claims frequency and loss expenses could improve the profitability component, resulting in increased agent compensation costs. Our second largest expense category includes employee costs such as salaries, healthcare, pension, and other benefit costs. Regulatory developments, provider relationships, and demographic and economic factors that are beyond our control, such as inflation and increased labor market competition, are indicators that employee costs could increase, which could reduce our profitability or impact our personnel strategy. The defined benefit pension plan we offer to our employees is affected by variable factors such as the interest rate used to discount pension liabilities, asset performance, and changes in retirement patterns, which are beyond our control, and any related future cost increases could reduce our profitability. Technological development is necessary to facilitate ease of doing business for employees, agents, and customers. Our technological developments are focused on simplifying and improving the employee, agent, and customer experiences, increasing efficiencies, redesigning products, and addressing other potentially disruptive changes in the insurance industry, including the use of artificial intelligence. As we continue to develop technology initiatives in order to remain competitive, our profitability could be negatively impacted as we invest in system development. If we are unable to attract, develop, retain, and protect talented executives, key managers, and employees our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our success is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain talented executives and other key management. Talent is defined as people with the right skills, knowledge, abilities, character, and motivation. The loss of the services and leadership of certain key officers and the failure to plan for turnover or retirement or to attract and develop talented new executives and managers could prevent us from successfully communicating, implementing, and executing business strategies. Additionally, our executives and other key management may be subject to physical or cyber threats, which if realized, could adversely affect our business operations. Our success also depends on our ability to attract, develop, and retain a talented employee base. The inability to staff all functions of our business with employees possessing the appropriate talent could have an adverse effect on our business performance. Additionally, failure to recognize, evaluate, and respond to changing workforce trends including current labor market conditions and managing hybrid work environments, or failure to execute proactive retention and replacement strategies could also have an adverse effect on our business performance. Furthermore, failure to instill appropriate cultural expectations and behavioral norms within our employees, particularly in a hybrid work environment, could damage our reputation. Staffing appropriately talented employees for the handling of claims and servicing of customers, rendering of disciplined underwriting, and effective sales and marketing are critical to the core functions of our business. In addition, talented employees with specialized skills in actuarial, finance, human resources, law, risk management and information technology, including artificial intelligence and data analytics, are also essential to support and grow our core functions. 10 Table of Contents If we are unable to effectively maintain system availability or manage technology initiatives, we may experience adverse financial consequences and/or may be unable to compete effectively. Our business is highly dependent upon the effectiveness of our technology and information systems which support key functions of our core business operations, including processing applications and premium payments, providing customer support, performing actuarial and financial analysis, and maintaining key data. Additionally, the Exchange relies heavily on technology systems for processing claims. In order to support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource efficient manner, we must maintain the effectiveness of existing technology systems and continue to identify and develop new, and enhance existing, technology systems. As we invest in the development of our systems, costs and completion times could exceed original estimates, and/or the project may not deliver the anticipated benefit or perform as expected. If we do not effectively and efficiently manage new technology initiatives, maintain existing systems, or attract and retain qualified information technology employees and contract personnel to support them, our ability to serve our customers and implement our strategic initiatives could be adversely impacted. Additionally, we depend on a large amount of data to price policies appropriately, track exposures, perform financial analysis, report to regulatory bodies, and ultimately make business decisions. Should this data be inaccurate or insufficient, risk exposure may be underestimated and/or poor business decisions may be made. This may in turn lead to adverse operational or financial performance and adverse customer or investor confidence. If we experience difficulties with technology, data or network security, including those that could result from cyber attacks, third-party relationships or cloud-based relationships, our ability to conduct our business could be adversely impacted. In the normal course of business, we collect, use, store and where appropriate, disclose data concerning individuals and businesses. We also conduct business using third parties who may provide software, data storage, cloud-based computing and other technology services. Our systems regularly face cyber threats, which can create significant risks such as destruction of systems or data, denial or interruption of service, disruption of transaction execution, loss or exposure of customer data, theft or exposure of our intellectual property, theft of funds or disruption of other important business functions. Even with appropriate governance and controls, the use of artificial intelligence may increase our exposure to cyber threats. Our interactions with, and reliance upon, third parties, including our independent agents, expose us to increased risk related to data security, service disruptions or effectiveness of our control system, particularly as we increase our reliance on cloud-based computing and software-as-a-service from third parties to operate our business. If we experience service disruptions or need to replace essential third-party software or services, we may not be able to find a viable alternative, or alternatives may be costly and/or require significant time and resources to integrate with our systems, which could negatively impact our operations or financial results. In addition, we are subject to numerous federal and state laws relating to the privacy and security of nonpublic personal information and other sensitive information of our customers, employees and others. The improper access, disclosure, misuse or mishandling of such information could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational damage. Third parties on whom we rely for certain business processing functions are also subject to these risks, and their failure to adhere to these laws and regulations could negatively impact us. The number, complexity, and sophistication of cyber threats continue to increase over time. Rapid technological advancements can also introduce new risks related to data security and operational efficiency. As we continue to adapt our internal processes and systems to these rapidly evolving threats, we may be required to make certain judgments about additional investments in these areas that we believe will protect us from cybersecurity risks, which may not be effective. While we also maintain cyber liability insurance to mitigate the financial risk around cyber incidents, such insurance may not cover all costs associated with the consequences of information or systems being compromised, and such insurance may become prohibitively expensive to maintain. Additionally, while we have dedicated resources with security incident response capabilities, our response process may not be adequate, may fail to accurately assess the severity of an incident, may not respond quickly enough or may fail to sufficiently remediate an incident. Similarly, if our third-party service providers experience a cyber incident, they may fail to report, or timely report, the incident to us. As a result, we may suffer significant legal, reputational, or financial losses, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition or results of operations. If events occurred causing interruption of our operations, facilities, systems or business functions, it could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results. We have established business continuity and disaster recovery plans to provide for the continuation of core business operations in the event that normal business operations could not be performed due to catastrophic or other events, including pandemics and cyber attacks. While we continue to test and assess our business continuity and disaster recovery plans to validate they 11 Table of Contents meet the needs of our core business operations and address multiple business interruption events, there is no assurance that core business operations could be performed upon the occurrence of such an event. Employee absence, physical premises damage, systems failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform our business functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business and hurt our business and customer relationships. While we also maintain business interruption insurance to mitigate the financial risk around disruptions to our core business operations, such insurance may not cover all costs associated with a disruption, and such insurance may become prohibitively expensive to maintain. Our operational resiliency is also dependent on third-party personnel, infrastructure and systems on which we rely, including cloud-based technologies and software-as-a-service applications. Our operations and those of our third parties may become vulnerable to damage or disruption due to circumstances beyond our or their control, such as from catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, pandemics, supply chain interruptions, network failures, and cyber attacks. Additionally, we are dependent on internet and telecommunications access and capabilities. Our workforce is largely concentrated in Erie, Pennsylvania. If a significant event affects the labor force in this area, it could impact the policy acquisition, underwriting, claims and/or support services provided to the policyholders and/or independent agents of the Exchange. Disruptions to our workforce or our operations for any reason could result in a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, or results of operations. We are subject to applicable insurance laws, tax statutes, and numerous other federal and state laws and regulations, as well as claims and legal proceedings, which, if determined unfavorably, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our activities are subject to extensive regulation under federal and state laws on matters as diverse as internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls, securities regulation, data privacy and protection, cybersecurity, taxation, immigration, wage-and-hour standards and employment and labor relations. These laws and regulations are complex and evolving, and compliance with these laws requires significant resources. In some cases, these laws and regulations may increase our costs, negatively impact revenues, or impose operational limitations on our business. Further, there can be no assurance that we, our third-party service providers and our independent agents are in full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations at all times. Efforts at compliance with all laws and regulations are further complicated by new and evolving regulations regarding cybersecurity, artificial intelligence and ESG matters, including DEI-related items. For example, recent changes in the U.S. regulatory environment relating to ESG matters has increased scrutiny of corporate ESG practices. Failure to effectively address current and future ESG regulatory developments and stakeholder expectations may expose our business to litigation, fines, penalties, and damage to our reputation, which, if material could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, we face a significant risk of litigation and regulatory investigations and actions in the ordinary course of operating our businesses including the risk of class action lawsuits. We are, have been, or may become subject to class actions and individual suits alleging breach of fiduciary or other duties, including our obligations to indemnify directors and officers in connection with certain legal matters. We are also subject to litigation arising out of our general business activities such as contractual and employment relationships and claims regarding the infringement of the intellectual property of others, whether by us or our third-party service providers. Plaintiffs in class action and other lawsuits against us may seek large or indeterminate amounts of damages, including punitive and treble damages, which may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. We are also subject to various regulatory inquiries, such as information requests, subpoenas, and books and record examinations from state and federal regulators and authorities. In addition, changes in the way regulators administer applicable laws, tax statutes, or regulations could adversely impact our business, cash flows, results of operations, or financial condition. Market, Capital, and Liquidity risks The performance of our investment portfolio is subject to a variety of investment risks, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. At December 31, 2025, our investment portfolio consisted of approximately 85% fixed maturity securities, with the remaining 15% invested in equity securities and other investments. General economic conditions, geopolitical events, fiscal, trade, and monetary policy and other factors beyond our control can adversely affect the value of our investments and the realization of net investment income or result in realized investment losses. In addition, downward economic trends also may have an adverse effect on our investment results by negatively impacting the business conditions and impairing credit for the issuers of securities held in our respective investment portfolios. This could reduce fair values of investments and generate significant unrealized losses or impairment charges which may adversely affect our financial results. 12 Table of Contents The performance of the fixed maturity portfolio is subject to a number of risks including, but not limited to: • Interest rate risk - the risk of adverse changes in the value of fixed maturity securities as a result of increases in market interest rates. • Investment credit risk - the risk that the value of certain investments may decrease due to the deterioration in financial condition of, or the liquidity available to, one or more issuers of those securities or, in the case of structured securities, due to the deterioration of the loans or other assets that underlie the securities, which, in each case, also includes the risk of permanent loss. • Sector/Concentration risk - the risk that the portfolio may be too heavily concentrated in the securities of one or more issuers, sectors, or industries. Events or developments that have a negative impact on any particular industry, group of related industries, or geographic region may have a greater adverse effect on our investment portfolio to the extent that the portfolio is concentrated within those issuers, sectors, or industries. • Liquidity risk - the risk that we will not be able to convert investment securities into cash on favorable terms and on a timely basis, or that we will not be able to sell them at all, when desired. Disruptions in the financial markets or a lack of buyers for the specific securities that we are trying to sell could prevent us from liquidating securities or cause a reduction in prices to levels that are not acceptable to us. • Reinvestment risk - the possibility that the cash flows produced by an investment will have to be reinvested at a reduced rate of return. Approximately 30% of our fixed maturity portfolio is expected to mature over the next three years. Our equity securities have exposure to price risk. Equity markets, sectors, industries, and individual securities may also be subject to some of the same risks that affect our fixed maturity portfolio, as discussed above. All of our fixed maturity and equity securities are subject to market volatility. To the extent that future market volatility negatively impacts our investments, our financial condition will be negatively impacted. We review the fixed maturity portfolio on a periodic basis to evaluate positions that are in an unrealized loss position to determine whether impairments are a result of credit loss or other factors. Inherent in management's evaluation of a security are assumptions and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings potential. As the process for determining impairments is highly subjective, changes in our assessments may have a material effect on our operating results and financial condition. See also Part II, Item 7A. "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk". Deteriorating capital and credit market conditions or a failure to accurately estimate capital needs may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs and access capital. Sufficient liquidity and capital levels are required to pay operating expenses, income taxes, and to provide the necessary resources to fund future growth opportunities, satisfy certain financial covenants, pay dividends on common stock, and repurchase common stock. Management estimates the appropriate level of capital necessary based upon current and projected results, which includes evaluating potential risks. Failure to accurately estimate our capital needs may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition until additional sources of capital can be obtained. Further, a deteriorating financial condition may create a negative perception of us by third parties, including investors, and financial institutions, which could impact our ability to access capital in the debt or equity markets. Volatility in the financial markets could also limit our ability to sell certain fixed income securities or cause such investments to sell at deep discounts. Our primary sources of liquidity are management fee revenue and cash flows generated from our investment portfolio. In the event these traditional sources of liquidity are not available, we may have to seek additional financing. Our access to funds will depend upon a number of factors including current market conditions, the availability of credit, market liquidity, and the timing of obtaining credit ratings. In deteriorating market conditions, there can be no assurance that we will obtain additional financing, or, if available, that the cost of financing will not substantially increase and affect our overall profitability. 