TICKER=ESS|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/ESS_2026-02-20.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors 9 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 23 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 23 Item 2. Properties 25 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 32 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 32 Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 33 Item 6. [Reserved] 37 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 38 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 49 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 50 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 50 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 50 Item 9B. Other Information 51 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 52 Part III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 53 Item 11. Executive Compensation 53 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 53 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 53 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 53 Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 54 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 54 Signatures S- 1 v Table of Contents PART I Forward-Looking Statements This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Such forward-looking statements are described in Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, “Forward-Looking Statements.” Actual results could differ materially from those set forth in each forward-looking statement. Certain factors that might cause such a difference are discussed in this report, including in Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. 1 Table of Contents Item 1. Business OVERVIEW Essex Property Trust, Inc. (“Essex”), a Maryland corporation, is an S&P 500 company that operates as a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (“REIT”). Essex owns all of its interest in its real estate and other investments directly or indirectly through Essex Portfolio, L.P. (the “Operating Partnership” or “EPLP”). Essex is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership and as of December 31, 2025, had an approximately 96.6% general partner interest in the Operating Partnership. In this report, the terms “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” also refer to Essex Property Trust, Inc., the Operating Partnership and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by Essex and/or the Operating Partnership. Essex has elected to be treated as a REIT for federal income tax purposes commencing with the year ended December 31, 1994. Essex completed its initial public offering on June 13, 1994. In order to maintain compliance with REIT tax rules, the Company utilizes taxable REIT subsidiaries for various revenue generating or investment activities. A domestic taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to federal income tax as a regular C Corporation. All taxable REIT subsidiaries are consolidated by the Company for financial reporting purposes. The Company is engaged primarily in the ownership, operation, management, acquisition, development and redevelopment of predominantly apartment communities, located along the West Coast of the United States. As of December 31, 2025, the Company owned or had ownership interests in 259 operating apartment communities, aggregating 63,077 apartment homes, excluding the Company’s ownership in preferred equity co-investments, loan investments, two operating commercial buildings, and a development pipeline comprised of one consolidated project and various predevelopment projects (collectively, the “Portfolio”). The Company’s website address is https://www.essex.com. The Company’s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and the Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders are available, free of charge, on its website as soon as practicable after the Company files the reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The information contained on the Company’s website shall not be deemed to be incorporated into this report. BUSINESS STRATEGIES The following is a discussion of the Company’s business strategies in regards to real estate investment and management. Business Strategies Research Driven Approach to Investments – The Company believes that successful real estate investment decisions and portfolio growth begin with extensive regional economic research and local market knowledge. The Company continually assesses markets where the Company operates, as well as markets where the Company considers future investment opportunities by evaluating markets and focusing on the following strategic criteria: • Major metropolitan areas that have regional population in excess of one million; • Constraints on new supply driven by: (i) low availability of developable land sites where competing housing could be economically built; (ii) political growth barriers, such as protected land, urban growth boundaries, and potential lengthy and expensive development permit processes; and (iii) natural limitations to development, such as mountains or waterways; • Rental demand enhanced by affordability of rents relative to costs of for-sale housing; and • Housing demand based on job growth, proximity to jobs, high median incomes and the quality of life including related commuting factors. Recognizing that all real estate markets are cyclical, the Company regularly evaluates the results of its regional, economic, and local market research, and adjusts the geographic focus of its portfolio accordingly. The Company seeks to increase its portfolio allocation in markets projected to have the strongest local economies and to decrease allocations in markets projected to have declining economic conditions. Likewise, the Company also seeks to increase its portfolio allocation in markets that have attractive property valuations and to decrease allocations in markets that have inflated valuations and low relative yields. Property Operations – The Company manages its communities by focusing on activities that may generate above-average rental growth, tenant retention/satisfaction and long-term asset appreciation. The Company intends to achieve this by utilizing the strategies set forth below: 2 Table of Contents • Property Management – Oversee delivery and quality of the housing provided to our tenants and manage the properties’ financial performance. • Capital Preservation – The Company’s asset management services are responsible for the planning, budgeting and completion of major capital improvement projects at the Company’s communities. • Business Planning and Control – Comprehensive business plans are implemented in conjunction with significant investment decisions. These plans include benchmarks for future financial performance based on collaborative discussions between property operations teams and the senior leadership team. • Development and Redevelopment – The Company focuses on acquiring and developing apartment communities in supply constrained markets, and redeveloping its existing communities to improve the financial and physical aspects of the Company’s communities. CURRENT BUSINESS ACTIVITIES Acquisitions of Real Estate Interests The table below summarizes acquisition activity for the year ended December 31, 2025 ($ in millions): Property Name Location Date Apartment Homes Essex Ownership Percentage Contract Price at Pro Rata Share The Plaza CA Jan-25 307 100% $ 161.4 One Hundred Grand CA Feb-25 166 N/A 105.3 (1) ROEN Menlo Park CA Feb-25 146 100% 78.8 Revere Campbell CA May-25 168 N/A 118.0 (1) The Parc at Pruneyard CA May-25 252 100% 122.5 ViO CA Sep-25 234 100% 100.0 1250 Lakeside CA Nov-25 250 100% 143.5 Total acquisitions 1,523 $ 829.5 (1) One Hundred Grand and Revere Campbell replaced Highridge, an apartment home community owned by DownREIT entities that are consolidated by the Company, within the DownREIT structures of those entities pursuant to the like-kind exchange rules under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Section 1031 Exchange”). Dispositions of Real Estate Interests As part of its strategic plan to own quality real estate in supply-constrained markets, the Company continually evaluates all of its communities and sells those communities that no longer meet the Company’s strategic criteria. The Company may use the capital generated from the dispositions to invest in higher-return communities, other real estate investments or to fund other commitments. The Company believes that the sale of these communities will not have a material impact on its future results of operations or cash flows nor will the sale of these communities materially affect the Company’s ongoing operations. In general, the Company seeks to offset the dilutive impact on long-term earnings and funds from operations from these dispositions through the positive impact of reinvestment of proceeds. The table below summarizes disposition activity for the year ended December 31, 2025 ($ in millions): Property Name Location Date Apartment Homes Sale Price at Pro Rata Share Highridge CA Feb-25 255 $ 127.0 (1) Essex Skyline CA Apr-25 350 239.6 The Grand CA Jul-25 243 97.5 8th & Republican WA Sep-25 211 47.4 (2) Fourth & U CA Sep-25 171 52.3 Total dispositions 1,230 $ 563.8 3 Table of Contents (1) Highridge, an apartment home community owned by DownREIT entities that are consolidated by the Company, was replaced by One Hundred Grand and Revere Campbell within the DownREIT structures of those entities pursuant to a Section 1031 Exchange. (2) Wesco V, LLC, a joint venture in which the Company owns a 50.0% interest, sold one of its apartment home communities for a total contract price of $94.9 million. Development Pipeline The Company defines development projects as new communities that are being constructed, or are newly constructed and are in a phase of lease-up and have not yet reached stabilized operations. The Company defines predevelopment projects as proposed communities in negotiation or in the entitlement process with an expected high likelihood of becoming entitled development projects. The Company may also acquire land for future development purposes. As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s development pipeline was comprised of one consolidated development project of 543 apartment homes and various predevelopment projects with total incurred costs of $157.1 million. The estimated remaining project costs are approximately $200.9 million, for total estimated project costs of $358.0 million. Long Term Debt During 2025, the Company made regularly scheduled principal payments of $2.5 million to its secured mortgage notes payable at an average interest rate of 3.5%. In February 2025, the Operating Partnership issued $400.0 million of senior unsecured notes due on April 1, 2035 with a coupon rate of 5.375% per annum (the “2035 Notes”), which are payable on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on October 1, 2025. The 2035 Notes were offered to investors at a price of 99.604% of the principal amount. The Company used the net proceeds of this offering to repay the Company’s $500.0 million senior unsecured notes at maturity in April 2025. In May 2025, the Operating Partnership obtained a new $300.0 million unsecured term loan priced at Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) plus 0.85% which is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the Company’s long-term unsecured credit rating with a one-year delayed draw feature. The Company may elect to increase this facility by up to an additional $300.0 million, to an aggregate size of $600.0 million, if the lenders permit. This term loan is scheduled to mature in May 2028, with two one-year extension options, exercisable at the option of the Company. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had drawn $300.0 million on this term loan facility. The Company has entered into floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps to fix the interest rate for $197.5 million of the new term loan facility to an all-in rate of 4.1%. In October 2022, the Operating Partnership obtained a $300.0 million unsecured term loan priced at Adjusted SOFR plus 0.85% with an original maturity date of October 2024 with three 12-month extension options, exercisable at the Company’s option. In September 2024, the Company exercised its first option, extending the maturity date to October 2025. In October 2025, the Company executed an amendment of its existing $300.0 million unsecured term loan to extend the maturity date from October 2027 to January 2031, inclusive of extension options exercisable at the Company’s option. The interest rate was reduced by 0.10% to SOFR plus 0.85% and is swapped to an all-in fixed rate of 4.2% and the swap has a termination date of October 2026. In December 2025, the Operating Partnership issued $350.0 million of senior unsecured notes due on February 15, 2036 with a coupon rate of 4.875% per annum (the “2036 Notes”), which are payable on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on August 15, 2025. The 2036 Notes were offered to investors at a price of 99.093% of the principal amount. The Company intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to repay upcoming debt maturities, including to fund a portion of the repayment of the Company’s $450.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of 3.375% senior notes due April 2026, and for other general corporate and working capital purposes, which may include the funding of potential acquisition opportunities. These proceeds initially may be used to fund the repayment of outstanding indebtedness under the Company’s commercial paper program and unsecured credit facilities and/or invested in short-term securities. Bank Debt As of December 31, 2025, Moody’s Investor Service and Standard and Poor’s (“S&P”) credit agencies rated Essex Property Trust, Inc. and Essex Portfolio, L.P. Baa1/Stable and BBB+/Stable, respectively. 4 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2025, the Company had two unsecured lines of credit aggregating $1.58 billion. The Company’s $1.5 billion credit facility had an interest rate of SOFR plus 0.775%, which is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the Company’s long-term unsecured credit ratings. In July 2025, the Company amended this revolving credit facility increasing the borrowing capacity from $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion and extended its maturity from January 2029 to January 2030 with two six-month extensions, exercisable at the Company’s option. The Company may elect to increase the facility by up to an additional $1.0 billion, to an aggregate size of $2.5 billion, if the lenders permit. The Company’s $75.0 million working capital unsecured line of credit had an interest rate of Adjusted SOFR plus 0.775%, which is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the Company’s long-term unsecured credit ratings, and a scheduled maturity date of July 2026. In May 2025, the Company entered into a commercial paper program under which it can issue unsecured short-term notes, which are backstopped by, and reduce the borrowing capacity of the Company’s $1.5 billion unsecured line of credit facility. The Company can issue up to $750.0 million of commercial paper for up to 397 days from the date of issue. Equity Transactions In August 2024, the Company entered into an equity distribution agreement pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $900.0 million (the “2024 ATM Program”). In connection with the 2024 ATM Program, the Company may also enter into related forward sale agreements whereby, at the Company’s discretion, it may sell shares of its common stock under the 2024 ATM Program under forward sale agreements. The use of a forward sale agreement would allow the Company to lock in a share price on the sale of shares of its common stock at the time the agreement is executed, but defer receipt of the proceeds from the sale of shares until a later date. Furthermore, it would permit the Company, at its election, to settle the agreements by issuing common stock in exchange for net proceeds at the then-applicable forward sale price specified by the agreement or, alternatively, to settle the agreements in whole or in part through the delivery or receipt of common stock or cash. Issuances of shares under these forward sale agreements are classified as equity transactions. Accordingly, no amounts relating to the forward sale agreements are recorded in the consolidated financial statements until settlement occurs. Prior to any settlements, the only impact to the consolidated financial statements is the inclusion of incremental shares, if any, within the calculation of diluted earnings per share and diluted earnings per unit using the treasury stock method. The actual forward price per share to be received by the Company upon settlement will be determined on the applicable settlement date based on adjustments made to the initial forward price to reflect the then-current overnight federal funds rate and the amount of dividends paid to holders of the Company’s common stock over the term of the forward sale agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company did not issue any shares of its common stock through the 2024 ATM Program. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company entered into forward sale agreements with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers under the 2024 ATM Program with respect to 52,600 shares of common stock at an initial gross weighted average forward price of $314.06 per share, which are to be settled by September 2026. As of December 31, 2025, $900.0 million of shares remained available to be sold under the 2024 ATM Program, pending the settlement of outstanding forward sale agreements. In September 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase plan, without an expiration date, to allow the Company to acquire shares of common stock up to an aggregate value of $500.0 million. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company did not repurchase any shares. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had $302.7 million of purchase authority remaining under the stock repurchase plan. Co-investments The Company has entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, joint ventures or partnerships (including limited liability companies) through which it owns an indirect economic interest in less than 100% of the community or land or other investments owned directly by the joint venture or partnership. For each joint venture the Company holds a non-controlling interest in the venture and, in most cases, may earn customary management fees, development fees, asset management fees and a promote interest. In October 2024, the Company repaid a $72.0 million senior mortgage associated with a $22.7 million preferred equity investment in Artizan, a 241-unit stabilized apartment home community located in Oakland, CA, and subsequently issued a default notice to the third-party sponsor in January 2025, assumed full managerial control and consolidated the property based on a valuation of $95.0 million. 5 Table of Contents In July 2025, the Company formed a new joint venture, Wesco VII, LLC (“Wesco VII”), with the State of Wisconsin Investment Board, for the purpose of investing in multifamily real estate projects. Each partner has an initial equity commitment of $50.0 million and holds a 50% ownership interest. The investment is recorded to co-investments in the consolidated balance sheets. In November 2025, the Company repaid an $88.2 million senior mortgage associated with a $79.5 million preferred equity investment in TENTEN Downtown, a 376-unit apartment home community, located in Los Angeles, CA, and concurrently issued a default notice and assumed full managerial control. The community was consolidated on the Company’s financial statements with a valuation of $167.7 million. The Company has also made, and may continue in the future to make, preferred equity investments in various multifamily stabilized communities or development projects. The Company earns a preferred rate of return on these investments. HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Company Overview and Values The Company’s mission is to create quality communities in premier locations and it is critical to the Company’s mission that it attracts, trains and retains a talented team by providing a compelling place to work and opportunities for professional growth. The Company’s culture supports its mission and is guided by its core values: to act with integrity, to care about what matters, to do right with urgency, to lead at every level, and to seek fairness. The Company enables the mission through its Human Capital Management Strategy that focuses on four key pillars of Talent Acquisition, Technology and Analytics, Culture and Talent Development, and Rewards and Recognition. The Company is headquartered in San Mateo, CA, and has regional corporate offices in Woodland Hills, CA, Irvine, CA and Bellevue, WA. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had 1,689 employees, 99.8% of whom were full-time. A total of 1,267 employees worked on-site at our operating communities, and 422 employees worked in our corporate offices. Workplace Culture The Company believes that a strong employee culture is supported by workforce capability, engagement, and connection. In 2025, the Company enhanced its focus on change management as an important capability and leaned into the importance of in-person appreciation and recognition events to strengthen engagement and connection. The Company also supports employee-led resource groups, open to all employees, which foster connection and shared learning. Training and Development The Company values leadership at every level and enables the same by providing opportunities for all associates to develop personal and professional skills through programs that encourage associate retention and advancement. The Company currently offers training courses to its associates via Workday Learning, and its associates spent 16,708 hours learning in 2025. The Company also provides its associates with an annual $3,000 tuition reimbursement to further support outside professional growth opportunities. To identify, retain and reward top performers, the Company engages in meaningful internal succession planning and offers a tenure bonus program, Everyday Excellence and Impact awards, which are recognition programs to reward associates for excellent teamwork, ideas, and service. The Company encourages internal promotions and hiring for open positions, and the executive team actively mentors the Company’s top talent to ensure strong leadership at the Company for the future. 36% of the Company’s associates have approached or surpassed the Company’s average tenure of 6.71 years, with 24% reaching beyond 10 years of service. Employee Safety, Health, and Wellness Safety is a top priority. The Company deeply cares about the wellbeing of its associates and residents. The Essex Safety Committee, comprised of key stakeholders across departments, meets quarterly and reviews the overall safety of the company in both our corporate offices and our communities. To maximize real-time responses, the Company has also established a working safety subcommittee that meets bi-weekly. The Company has implemented enhanced safety programs, which include a Workplace Violence Prevention Program enacted companywide in 2024, regular safety inspections, emergency preparedness processes, hazard identification and control protocols, and related associate training. 6 Table of Contents The Company’s safety policies align with its health and wellness goals and seeks to proactively prevent workplace accidents and protect the health, wellness and safety of the Company’s associates through training and analysis of incident reports. Additionally, the Company offers retirement support, associate discount programs, a mental health program (which includes counseling and coaching sessions for mental well-being support at no cost), and health benefit credits for participation in wellness programs. Compensation and Benefits The Company offers competitive compensation to secure and retain top talent. Alongside competitive pay, the Company is committed to pay parity and conducts a pay analysis on an annual basis which includes the development and use of a robust, multiple regression analysis model to confirm the Company’s continued achievement of gender pay parity. Beyond competitive compensation, the Company offers a suite of benefits, including health insurance, a retirement plan with a $6,000 annual matching potential benefit, life and disability coverage, supplemental paid parental leave, and the robust health and wellness support programs noted above. Additionally, the Company offers an associate housing discount. Employee Engagement Throughout 2025, employee sentiment and feedback were gathered through multiple touchpoints across the employee experience. These included new hire feedback, exit insights, event surveys, and our Speak Up channel, an anonymous comment box. This ongoing, multi-channel approach enabled employees to share candid input in real time and allowed the organization to identify trends, listen to employee voices, and inform meaningful action throughout the year. Community and Social Impact The Company believes volunteering can create positive change in the communities where our associates live and work and that the Company’s commitment to giving back helps it attract and retain associates. The Company’s volunteer program is aimed at supporting and encouraging eligible associates to become actively involved in their communities through the Company’s support of charity initiatives and offering paid hours for volunteer time. In 2025, Essex associates completed 572 volunteer hours. Additionally, the Company’s “Essex Cares” program provides direct aid to the Company’s residents, associates, and local communities. INSURANCE The Company purchases general liability and property insurance coverage, including loss of rent, for each of its communities. The Company also purchases limited earthquake, terrorism, environmental and flood insurance. There are certain types of losses which may not be covered or could exceed coverage limits. The insurance programs are subject to deductibles and self-insured retentions in varying amounts. The Company utilizes a wholly owned insurance subsidiary, Pacific Western Insurance LLC (“PWI”), to self-insure certain earthquake and property losses. As of December 31, 2025, PWI had cash and marketable securities of $106.7 million, and is consolidated in the Company’s financial statements. All of the Company’s communities are located in areas that are subject to earthquake activity. The Company evaluates its financial loss exposure to seismic events by using actuarial loss models developed by the insurance industry and in most cases property vulnerability analysis based on structural evaluations by seismic consultants. The Company manages this exposure, where considered appropriate, desirable, and cost-effective, by upgrading properties to increase their resistance to forces caused by seismic events, by considering available funds and coverages provided by PWI and/or by purchasing seismic insurance. In most cases the Company also purchases limited earthquake insurance for certain properties owned by the Company’s co-investments. In addition, the Company carries other types of insurance coverage related to a variety of risks and exposures. Based on market conditions, the Company may change or potentially eliminate insurance coverages, or increase levels of self-insurance. Further, the Company may incur losses, which could be material, due to uninsured risks, deductibles and self-insured retentions, and/or losses in excess of coverage limits. COMPETITION There are numerous housing alternatives that compete with the Company’s communities in attracting tenants. These include other apartment communities, condominiums and single-family homes. If the demand for the Company’s communities is reduced or if competitors develop and/or acquire competing housing, rental rates and occupancy may drop which may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 7 Table of Contents The Company faces competition from other REITs, businesses and other entities in the acquisition, development and operation of apartment communities. Some competitors are larger and have greater resources than the Company. This competition may result in increased costs of apartment communities the Company acquires and/or develops. WORKING CAPITAL The Company believes that cash flows generated by its operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities balances, availability under existing lines of credit, access to capital markets and the ability to generate cash from the disposition of real estate are sufficient to meet all of its reasonably anticipated cash needs during 2026. The timing, source and amounts of cash flows provided by financing activities and used in investing activities are sensitive to changes in interest rates, stock price, and other fluctuations in the capital markets environment, which can affect the Company’s plans for acquisitions, dispositions, development and redevelopment activities. ENVIRONMENTAL CONSIDERATIONS As a real estate owner and operator, we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws, regulations and ordinances and may be subject to liability and the costs of removal or remediation of certain potentially hazardous materials that may be present in our communities. See the discussion under the caption, “Risks Related to Our Real Estate Investments and Operations - The Company’s portfolio may have environmental liabilities. ” in Item 1A, Risk Factors, for information concerning the potential effect of environmental regulations on its operations, which discussion is incorporated by reference into this Item 1. OTHER MATTERS Certain Policies of the Company The Company intends to continue to operate in a manner that will not subject it to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Company may in the future (i) issue securities senior to its common stock, (ii) fund acquisition activities with borrowings under its line of credit and (iii) offer shares of common stock and/or units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership or affiliated partnerships as partial consideration for property acquisitions. The Company from time to time acquires partnership interests in partnerships and joint ventures, either directly or indirectly through subsidiaries of the Company, when such entities’ underlying assets are real estate. The Company invests primarily in apartment communities that are located in predominantly coastal markets within Southern California, Northern California, and the Seattle metropolitan area. The Company currently intends to continue to invest in apartment communities in such regions. However, the geographical composition of the portfolio is evaluated periodically and may be modified by management. 8 Table of Contents ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS For purposes of this section, the term “stockholders” means the holders of shares of Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s common stock. Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s stockholders and Essex Portfolio, L.P.’s unitholders. You should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating our Company, our properties and our business. Our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results of operations to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. Risks Related to Our Real Estate Investments and Operations General real estate investment risks may materially adversely affect property income and values, and therefore our stock price may be materially adversely affected. If the communities and other real estate investments, including development and redevelopment properties, do not generate sufficient income to meet operating and financing expenses, cash flow and the ability to make distributions will be materially adversely affected. Income and growth from the communities may be further materially adversely affected by, among other things, the following factors, in addition to the other risk factors listed in this Item 1A: • changes in the general or local economic climate that could affect demand for housing, including changing demographics or policies governing legal immigration, which could lead to a relative decrease in the renting population, an increase in the use of new technologies and artificial intelligence to replace workers, and other events negatively impacting local employment rates, tenant dispersion, wages and the local economy; • changes in supply and cost of housing; • changes in economic conditions, such as high or sustained inflationary periods in which our operating and financing costs may increase at a rate greater than our ability to increase rents, thereby compressing our operating margins which may have a material adverse effect on our business, or deflationary periods where rents may decline more quickly relative to operating and financing costs; and • the appeal and desirability of our communities to tenants relative to other housing alternatives, including cost, size and amenity offerings, safety and location convenience, and our technology offerings. Short-term leases expose us to the effects of declining market rents, and the Company may be unable to renew leases or relet units as leases expire. If the Company is unable to promptly renew or re-let existing leases, or if the rental rates upon renewal or reletting are significantly lower than expected rates, then the Company’s results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. Economic environments can negatively impact the Company’s liquidity and results of operations. In the event of a recession, continued geopolitical uncertainty or other negative economic effects, including slowing job growth in key markets, the Company could incur reductions in rental and occupancy rates, property valuations and increases in costs. Any such recession or economic downturn may also affect consumer confidence and spending and negatively impact the volume and pricing of real estate transactions, which could materially adversely affect the Company’s liquidity and its ability to vary its portfolio promptly in response to changes to the economy. Rent control, eviction moratoria or potential changes in applicable laws, or noncompliance with applicable laws, could materially adversely affect the Company’s stock price, business, financial condition and results of operations, and/or expose us to liability. The Company must own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop its properties in compliance with numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, some of which may conflict with one another or be subject to limited judicial or regulatory interpretations. These laws and regulations include zoning laws, building codes, rent control or stabilization laws, fee transparency requirements, emergency orders, laws benefiting disabled persons, federal, state and local tax laws, landlord tenant laws, environmental laws, employment laws, immigration laws and other laws regulating housing, revenue management software and practices, or laws that are generally applicable to the Company’s business and operations. Changes in, or noncompliance with, laws and regulations could expose the Company to liability and could require the Company to make significant unanticipated expenditures to address noncompliance. Existing and future eviction moratoria, rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations, fee transparency requirements, along with similar laws and regulations that expand tenants’ rights or impose additional costs on landlords, including any such laws or regulations imposed on the housing industry in response to natural disasters, national and global pandemic or other any other health crisis, or local or national states of emergency, may reduce rental revenues or increase operating costs and thus such laws and regulations may materially adversely affect our stock price, business, financial condition and results of operations. Such laws and regulations limit our ability to charge market rents, increase rents, evict tenants, limit our ability to 9 Table of Contents collect rent, or recover increases in our operating expenses and could reduce the value of our communities or make it more difficult for us to dispose of communities in certain circumstances. Following the COVID-19 pandemic, governments have demonstrated a greater interest in eviction moratoria and strict housing controls. We may be legally required to, or otherwise agree to, restructure tenants’ rent obligations on less favorable terms than those currently in place. In the event of tenant nonpayment, default or bankruptcy, we may incur costs in protecting our investment, collecting delinquent rents, and re-leasing our property and we may have limited ability to renew existing leases or sign new leases at levels consistent with market rents. Expenses associated with our investment in communities impacted by such laws and regulations, such as debt service, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in rental income from the community. This could lead to lower profitability and market fluctuations that may affect our ability to obtain necessary funds for our business. Acquisitions of communities involve various risks and uncertainties and may fail to meet expectations. The Company’s acquisition of apartment communities may fail to meet the Company’s expectations due to factors including inaccurate estimates of future income, expenses, and the costs of improvements or redevelopment, which may be exacerbated by the lack of reliable market data. Further, the value and operational performance of an apartment community may be diminished if neighborhood changes occur before we are able to redevelop or sell the community. Also, in connection with such acquisitions, we may assume unknown or contingent liabilities, which could ultimately lead to material costs for us that we did not expect to incur. In addition, the total amount of costs and expenses that may be incurred with respect to liabilities associated with apartment communities may exceed our expectations, and we may experience other unanticipated adverse effects, all of which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The use of equity financing for future developments or acquisitions could dilute the interest of the Company’s existing stockholders. If the Company finances new acquisitions under existing lines of credit or commercial paper, there is a risk that, unless the Company obtains substitute financing or capital sources, the Company may not be able to undertake additional borrowing for further acquisitions or developments or such borrowing may not be available on advantageous terms. Development and redevelopment activities may be delayed, not completed, and/or not achieve expected results. The Company pursues development and redevelopment projects, including densification projects, and those activities generally entail certain risks, including: • funds may be expended and management’s time devoted to projects that may not be completed on time or at all; • construction costs may exceed original estimates possibly making some projects economically unfeasible; • projects may be delayed or abandoned due to, without limitation, weather conditions, labor or material shortages, municipal office closures and staff shortages, government recommended or mandated work stoppages, protestors obstructing access or environmental remediation; • occupancy rates and rents at a completed project may be less than anticipated; • expenses may be higher than anticipated due to, without limitation, inflationary pressures (including potentially exacerbated by the imposition of tariffs), supply chain issues, litigation over construction, environmental remediation or increased costs for labor (including potentially related to any shrinkage in the labor force or labor shortages related to changing immigration policies, concerns regarding deportation or otherwise), materials and leasing; • we are reliant on third party contractors’ and vendors’ ability to deliver services and products as planned, and if the timeframe, quality or scope of such services and products are different than we expected, our projects may be subject to increased costs or delays, and our future income may be lower than expected; • we may be unable to obtain, or experience a delay in obtaining, necessary governmental approvals or third party permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs or delay or abandonment of opportunities, and/or we may experience challenges with municipalities in completing or approving projects; • we may be unable to obtain financing with favorable terms, or at all, for the proposed development or redevelopment of a community, which may cause us to delay or abandon an opportunity; and • we may incur liabilities to third parties during the development process. The geographic concentration of the Company’s communities and fluctuations in local markets may adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. The Company’s communities are concentrated on the West Coast in the metropolitan areas of California and Washington, which exposes the Company to greater economic concentration risks. Factors that may materially adversely affect local market and economic conditions include regionally specific acts of nature (e.g., earthquakes, wildfires, floods, etc.), changes in specific or broad sectors of the economy (such as growth or decline in technology-based companies), and those other factors listed in the risk factor titled “General real estate investment risks may materially adversely affect property income and values” and elsewhere in this Item 1A. The Company is susceptible to adverse developments in economic and regulatory environments, such as increases in real estate and other taxes, and increased costs of complying with governmental regulations. California is generally regarded as more 10 Table of Contents litigious, highly regulated and subject to higher taxes than many other states, which may reduce demand for the Company’s communities. Any adverse developments in the economic or real estate markets in California or Washington, or any decrease in demand for the Company’s communities resulting from the California or Washington regulatory or business environments, could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. The Company may experience various increased costs, including increased property taxes, to own and maintain its properties. Real property taxes on our properties may increase as our properties are reassessed by taxing authorities or as property tax rates change. Our real estate taxes in Washington and California could increase as a result of property value reassessments or increased property tax rates. A California law commonly referred to as Proposition 13 (“Prop 13”) generally limits annual real estate tax increases on California properties to 2% of assessed value. However, under Prop 13, property tax reassessment generally occurs as a result of a “change in ownership” of a property. Because the property taxing authorities may not determine whether there has been a “change in ownership” or the actual reassessed value of a property for a period of time after a transaction has occurred, we may not know the impact of a potential reassessment for a considerable amount of time following a particular transaction. Therefore, the amount of property taxes we are required to pay could increase substantially from the property taxes we currently pay or have paid in the past, including on a retroactive basis. Various initiatives to repeal or amend Prop 13, to eliminate its application to commercial and residential property, to increase the permitted annual real estate tax increases, and/or to introduce split tax roll legislation could
[...TRUNCATED...]