TICKER=ETR|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/ETR_2026-02-19.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors See “ RISK FACTORS SUMMARY ” in Part I, Item 1 for a summary of Entergy’s and the Registrant Subsidiaries’ risk factors. Investors should review carefully the following risk factors and the other information in this Form 10-K. The risks that Entergy faces are not limited to those in this section. There may be additional risks and uncertainties (either currently unknown or not currently believed to be material) that could adversely affect Entergy’s business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. See “ FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION .” Utility Regulatory Risks (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) The terms and conditions of service, including electric rates, of the Utility operating companies and System Energy are determined through regulatory approval proceedings that can be lengthy and subject to appeal, potentially resulting in delays in effecting rate changes, lengthy litigation, the risk of disallowance of recovery of certain costs, and uncertainty as to ultimate results. The Utility operating companies are regulated on a cost-of-service and rate of return basis and are subject to statutes and regulatory commission rules and procedures. The rates that the Utility operating companies and System Energy charge reflect their capital expenditures, operations and maintenance costs, allowed rates of return, financing costs, and related costs of service. These rates significantly influence the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of Entergy and each of the Utility operating companies and System Energy. These rates are determined in regulatory proceedings and are subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment, including adjustment upon the initiative of a regulator or, in some cases, affected stakeholders. Regulators in a future rate proceeding may alter the timing or amount of certain costs for which recovery is allowed or modify the current authorized rate of return. Rate refunds may also be required, subject to applicable law. In addition, regulators have initiated and may initiate additional proceedings to investigate the prudence of costs in the Utility operating companies’ and System Energy’s base rates and examine, among other things, the reasonableness or prudence of the companies’ operation and maintenance practices, level of expenditures (including storm costs and costs associated with capital projects), allowed rates of return and rate base, proposed resource acquisitions, and previously incurred capital expenditures that the operating companies seek to place in rates. The regulators may disallow costs subject to their jurisdiction found not to have been prudently incurred or found not to have been incurred in compliance with applicable tariffs, creating some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs. Regulatory proceedings relating to rates and other matters typically involve multiple parties seeking to limit or reduce rates. Traditional base rate proceedings, as opposed to formula rate plans, generally have long timelines, are primarily based on historical costs, and may or may not be limited in scope or duration by statute. The length of these base rate proceedings can cause the Utility operating companies and System Energy to experience regulatory lag in recovering costs through rates, such that the Utility operating companies may not fully recover all costs during the rate effective period and may, therefore, earn less than their allowed returns. Decisions are typically subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with rate case proceedings. For a discussion of such appeals and related litigation for both the Utility operating companies and System Energy, see Note 2 to the financial statements. The Utility operating companies have large customer and stakeholder bases and, as a result, could be the subject of public criticism or adverse publicity focused on issues including, but not limited to, efforts to obtain land and secure permits for infrastructure, efforts to execute on and/or obtain regulatory approvals for generation, transmission, carbon capture and storage, or other facilities, including, but not limited to, any such facilities that are 295 Table of Contents Part I Item 1A, 1B, and 1C Entergy Corporation, Utility operating companies, and System Energy intended to support load growth to the system associated with large-scale data centers, the operation and maintenance of their assets and infrastructure, including with respect to climate or environmental matters, their preparedness for major storms or other extreme weather events (including accelerated resilience plans and projects, as well as executing same and/or seeking and obtaining regulatory approvals for such plans and projects) and/or the time it takes to restore service after such events, the quality of their customer service, including timely and accurate billing practices and ability to resolve customer complaints, and the reasonableness of the cost of their service. Criticism or adverse publicity of this nature could, among other things, result in project delays or cancellations or render legislatures and other governing bodies, public service commissions and other regulatory authorities, and government officials less likely to view the applicable operating company in a favorable light and potentially negatively affect legislative or regulatory processes or outcomes, including but not limited to failure to obtain requested approvals on infrastructure investments, as well as lead to increased regulatory oversight or more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements or other legislation or regulatory actions that adversely affect the Utility operating companies. The Utility operating companies and System Energy, and the energy industry as a whole, have experienced a period of rising costs and investments. An upward trend in spending, especially with respect to infrastructure investments (including those that have already been approved by a regulator), is likely to continue in the foreseeable future and could result in more frequent rate cases and requests for, and the continuation of, cost recovery mechanisms, all of which could result in adverse cost recovery determinations and/or face resistance from customers and other stakeholders especially in a rising cost environment, whether due to inflation, increased tariffs or changes to governmental policies and programs, including tax incentives or tax credits, grants, guarantees, and other subsidies, or high fuel prices or otherwise, and/or in periods of economic decline or hardship. Significant increases in costs associated with capital investments have occurred and could in the future increase financing needs and otherwise adversely affect Entergy, the Utility operating companies, and System Energy’s business, financial position, results of operation, or cash flows. For information regarding rate case proceedings and formula rate plans applicable to the Utility operating companies, see Note 2 to the financial statements. Changes to state or federal legislation or regulation affecting electric generation, electric transmission, distribution, and related activities could adversely affect Entergy and the Utility operating companies’ financial position, results of operations, or cash flows and their utility businesses. If legislative and regulatory structures evolve in a manner that erodes the Utility operating companies’ exclusive rights to serve their regulated customers, such as through “retail open access” or otherwise, they could lose customers and sales and their results of operations, financial position, or cash flows could be materially affected. Additionally, technological advances in energy efficiency and distributed energy resources are reducing the costs of these technologies and, together with current state and federal subsidies, the increasing penetration of these technologies could result in reduced sales by the Utility operating companies. Such loss of sales, due to the methodology used to determine cost of service rates or otherwise, could put upward pressure on rates, possibly resulting in adverse regulatory actions to mitigate such effects on rates. Further, the failure of regulatory structures to evolve to accommodate the changing needs and desires of customers with respect to the sourcing and use of electricity also could diminish sales by the operating companies. Additionally, any future laws and regulations regarding large-scale data centers, including those relating to energy use, efficiency standards and source of power, could adversely affect Entergy and the Utility operating companies serving these customers, and the effects of such laws and regulations could be heightened by these companies’ increasing exposure to the data center industry. Entergy and the Utility operating companies cannot predict if or when they may be subject to changes in law, regulation, or governmental policy, or the extent and timing of reductions of the cost of distributed energy resources, nor can they predict the impact of these changes on their results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. The Utility operating companies recover fuel, purchased power, and associated costs through rate mechanisms that are subject to risks of delay or disallowance in regulatory proceedings, and sudden or 296 Table of Contents Part I Item 1A, 1B, and 1C Entergy Corporation, Utility operating companies, and System Energy prolonged increases in fuel and purchased power costs could lead to increased customer arrearages or bad debt expenses. The Utility operating companies recover their fuel, purchased power, and associated costs from their customers through rate mechanisms subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment. Because regulatory review can result in the disallowance of incurred costs found not to have been prudently incurred or not reflected in rates as permitted by approved rate schedules and accounting rules, including the cost of replacement power purchased when generators experience outages or when planned outages are extended, with the possibility of refunds to ratepayers, there exists some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs, particularly when there are substantial or sudden increases in such costs, including due to inflation or as a result of changes to governmental policies and programs, including tariffs, tax incentives or tax credits, loans, grants, guarantees, and other subsidies. Regulators also may initiate proceedings to investigate the continued usage or the adequacy and operation of the fuel and purchased power recovery clauses of the Utility operating companies and, therefore, there can be no assurance that existing recovery mechanisms will remain unchanged or in effect at all. The Utility operating companies’ cash flows can be negatively affected by the time delays between when gas, power, or other commodities are purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers of the costs in rates. On occasion, when the level of incurred costs for fuel and purchased power rises dramatically, some of the Utility operating companies may agree to defer recovery of a portion of that period’s fuel and purchased power costs for recovery at a later date, which could increase the near-term working capital and borrowing requirements of those companies. The Utility operating companies also may experience, and in some instances have experienced, an increase in customer bill arrearages and bad debt expenses due to, among other reasons, increases in fuel and purchased power costs, especially in a rising cost environment, whether due to inflation or increased tariffs and/or in periods of economic decline or hardship. For a description of fuel and purchased power recovery mechanisms and information regarding the regulatory proceedings for fuel and purchased power cost recovery, see Note 2 to the financial statements. The Utility operating companies are subject to economic risks associated with participation in the MISO markets and the allocation of transmission upgrade costs. The operation of the Utility operating companies’ transmission system pursuant to the MISO RTO tariff and their participation in the MISO RTO’s wholesale markets may be adversely affected by regulatory or market design changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements. The Utility operating companies are subject to economic risks associated with participation in the MISO markets and resource adequacy construct. MISO tariff rules and system conditions, including transmission congestion, could affect the Utility operating companies’ ability to sell capacity, energy, and/or ancillary services in certain regions and/or the economic value of such sales, or increase the cost of serving the Utility operating companies’ respective loads. MISO market rules may change or be interpreted in ways that cause additional cost and risk, including compliance risk. Additionally, each Utility operating company’s continued participation in MISO may be affected by the outcomes of proceedings at its respective retail regulator regarding the realized and expected costs and benefits associated with such Utility operating company’s ongoing participation in MISO. The Utility operating companies participate in the MISO regional transmission planning process and are subject to risks associated with planning decisions that MISO makes in the exercise of control over the planning of the Utility operating companies’ transmission assets that are under MISO’s functional control. The Utility operating companies pay transmission rates that reflect the cost of transmission projects that the Utility operating companies do not own and are subject to the same increased costs due to factors described herein as potentially impacting other capital projects, which could increase cash or financing needs. Further, FERC policies and regulation addressing cost responsibility for transmission projects, including transmission projects to interconnect new generation facilities, such as new facilities to power large loads, may give rise to cash and financing-related risks as well as result in upward pressure on the retail rates of the Utility operating companies, which, in turn, may result in adverse actions by the Utility operating companies’ retail regulators. In addition to the cash and financing-related risks 297 Table of Contents Part I Item 1A, 1B, and 1C Entergy Corporation, Utility operating companies, and System Energy arising from the potential additional cost allocation to the Utility operating companies from transmission projects of others or changes in FERC policies or regulation related to cost responsibility for transmission projects (including, but not limited to, transmission projects that are intended to serve new large-scale data centers), there is a risk that the Utility operating companies’ business and financial position could be harmed as a result of lost investment opportunities and other effects that flow from an increased number of competitive and large-scale projects being approved and constructed that are interconnected with their transmission systems, as well as the risk associated with the large investment in serving an increasing number of customers concentrated in the data center industry. Further, the terms and conditions of the MISO tariff, including provisions related to the design and implementation of wholesale markets, the allocation of transmission upgrade costs, the MISO-wide allowed base rate of return on equity, and any required MISO-related charges and credits are subject to regulation by the FERC. The operation of the Utility operating companies’ transmission system pursuant to the MISO tariff and their participation in the MISO wholesale markets, and the resulting costs, may be adversely affected by regulatory or market design changes relating to, among other issues, significant current and expected load growth to serve new large-scale data centers, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements. The MISO tariff provisions governing the rights and obligations associated with the resource adequacy construct provided under the MISO tariff are subject to change and have recently undergone significant changes, some of which are the subject of pending litigation and/or appeals. Due to their magnitude and, with respect to the changes already made, the speed with which they have been implemented, these changes carry risk, including compliance risk, and may result in material additional costs being passed through to the Utility operating companies’ customers in retail rates, including but not limited to additional capacity costs incurred in the annual MISO Planning Resource Auction, and these risks may be exacerbated by significant new load additions, including large-scale projects to serve data centers, whether by the Utility operating companies or by other MISO load-serving entities. Also, by virtue of the Utility operating companies’ participation in MISO and the design and terms of the MISO resource adequacy construct, other load-serving entities served by the Utility operating companies’ transmission assets, which are under MISO’s functional control, may be able to circumvent reasonable resource planning obligations and avoid, in whole or in part, the full cost of procuring the resources reasonably needed to reliably supply their respective loads. As a result, there are a variety of risks to the Utility operating companies and their customers, including the risk of bearing additional costs for resources needed to ensure reliable service, the risk of reduced reliability and the enhanced risk of outages or curtailments and lost sales which, because of the methodology for establishing cost of service rates, presents the risk of upward pressure on the Utility operating companies’ rates, and these risks may be exacerbated by significant new load additions, including large-scale projects to serve data centers and the increasing concentration of exposure to the data center industry, whether by the Utility operating companies or by other MISO load-serving entities. In addition, a large volume of parties and individual generation resources, including large-scale projects to serve data centers, are presently seeking to interconnect to the transmission system MISO administers and over which MISO exercises functional control. Due to the resources and time required to study and evaluate these numerous interconnection requests, including the effects of speculative requests and requests that are withdrawn at late stages of the process, the current MISO interconnection queue to review new requests is subject to significant delays or periods in which MISO does not accept new interconnection requests. These delays present risks to the Utility operating companies and their ability to develop and procure new generation resources to serve their respective loads, and these risks may be exacerbated by significant new load additions. Moreover, MISO’s recently revised collateral and financial requirements for generation interconnections are stricter with larger initial financial obligations. In addition, they carry greater financial penalties and requirements tied directly to project readiness and speed. For additional information on MISO regulation and the Utility operating companies’ membership in MISO, see “ Federal Regulation of the Utility – Transmission and MISO Markets ” section of Part I, Item 1. 298 Table of Contents Part I Item 1A, 1B, and 1C Entergy Corporation, Utility operating companies, and System Energy (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and Entergy Texas) A delay or failure in recovering amounts for storm restoration costs incurred as a result of severe weather, the impact on customer bills of permitted storm cost recovery, or the inability to securitize future storm restoration costs could have material effects on Entergy and its Utility operating companies. Entergy’s and its Utility operating companies’ results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition can be materially affected by the destructive effects of severe weather. Severe weather can also result in significant outages for the customers of the Utility operating companies and, therefore, reduced revenues for the Utility operating companies during the period of the outages. A delay or failure in recovering amounts for storm restoration costs incurred, inability to securitize future storm restoration costs, or loss of revenues as a result of severe weather could have a material effect on Entergy and those Utility operating companies affected by severe weather, including lower credit ratings and, thus, higher costs for future debt issuances, as well as limitations on the ability to fund other investments to address customer needs, which limitations could have an adverse impact on the Utility operating companies’ financial results and/or customers and impede economic development opportunities that would benefit the Utility operating companies and their customers and communities. The inability to recover losses either excluded by insurance or in excess of the insurance limits that can be secured economically also could have a material effect on Entergy and its Utility operating companies. In addition, the recovery of major storm restoration costs from customers could effectively limit our ability to make planned capital or other investments due to the impact of such storm cost recovery on customer bills, especially in a rising cost environment due to factors described herein as potentially impacting other capital projects, and impede the ability to support economic development opportunities in the areas served by the Utility operating companies. Weather, economic conditions, technological developments, and other factors may have a material impact on electricity sales and otherwise materially affect the Utility operating companies ’ results of operations and system reliability. Temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase electric cooling demand and revenues, and temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase electric heating demand and revenues. As a corollary, mild temperatures in either season tend to decrease energy usage and resulting revenues. Higher consumption levels coupled with seasonal pricing differentials typically cause the Utility operating companies to report higher revenues in the third quarter of the fiscal year than in the other quarters. Changing weather patterns and extreme weather conditions, including hurricanes or tropical storms, droughts, wildfires, flooding events, or ice storms, the frequency or intensity of which may be exacerbated by climate change, may stress the Utility operating companies’ generation facilities and transmission and distribution systems, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs (and potential increased financing needs), limits on their ability to meet peak customer demand, increased regulatory oversight, criticism or adverse publicity, and reduced customer satisfaction. These extreme conditions could have a material effect on the Utility operating companies’ financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Entergy’s electricity sales volumes are affected by a number of factors including weather and economic conditions, trends in energy efficiency, new technologies, and self-generation alternatives, including the willingness and ability of large industrial customers to develop co-generation facilities that greatly reduce their grid demand. In addition, changes to regulatory policies, such as those that allow customers to directly access the market to procure wholesale energy or those that incentivize development and utilization of new, developing, or alternative sources of generation, could, and in some instances, have already reduced sales, and other non-traditional procurements, such as virtual purchase power agreements or “behind the meter” generation solutions, could, and in some instances have already limited growth opportunities or reduced sales at the Utility operating companies. Some of these factors are inherently cyclical or temporary in nature, such as the weather or economic conditions, and typically do not have a long-lasting effect on Entergy’s operating results. Others, such as the organic turnover of appliances and lighting and their replacement with more efficient ones and adoption of newer technologies, including smart thermostats, 299 Table of Contents Part I Item 1A, 1B, and 1C Entergy Corporation, Utility operating companies, and System Energy new building codes, distributed energy resources, energy storage, demand side management, and rooftop solar, are adversely affecting sales growth rates on a more permanent basis. As a result of emerging efficiencies and technologies, the Utility operating companies may lose customers or experience lower average use per customer in the residential and commercial classes, and continuing advances have the potential to further limit sales or sales growth in the future. The Utility operating companies also may face competition from other companies offering products and services to Entergy’s customers. Advances in technology and changes in laws or regulations offer alternative methods of producing and/or consuming energy, some potentially at a reduced cost. The Utility operating companies’ future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and successfully adapt to technological developments and to offer services that meet customer demand. Failure to keep pace or manage the related costs of such changes or additional technology investments may limit customer growth and have an adverse effect on the Utility operating companies’ operations or could make the Utility operating companies less competitive and negatively impact Entergy’s and the Utility operating companies’ financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Electricity sales to industrial customers, in particular, benefit from steady economic growth and favorable commodity markets; however, industrial sales are or may be sensitive to changes in laws, regulations, trade-related governmental actions, including tariffs and other measures, such as new laws or regulations relating to data centers or other large loads, or conditions in the markets in which its customers operate. Negative changes in any of these or other factors, particularly sustained economic downturns or sluggishness, have the potential to result in slower sales growth or sales declines and increased bad debt expense, which could materially affect Entergy’s and the Utility operating companies’ results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. The Utility operating companies also may not realize anticipated or expected growth in industrial or large-scale data center sales or electrification opportunities to help such customers achieve their environmental sustainability goals. This could occur because of changes in customers’ goals or business priorities, changes in environmental policies and priorities of federal, state, and local officials and other stakeholders, competition from other companies, or decisions by such customers to seek to achieve such objectives or goals through methods not offered by Entergy. Nuclear Operating, Shutdown, and Regulatory Risks (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, and System Energy) Certain of the Utility operating companies and System Energy are expected to consistently operate their nuclear power plants at high capacity factors in order to be successful, and lower capacity factors could materially affect Entergy’s and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Nuclear capacity factors significantly affect the results of operations of certain Utility operating companies and System Energy. Nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs. Consequently, there is pressure on plant owners to operate nuclear power plants at higher capacity factors, though such operations always must be consistent with safety, reliability, and nuclear regulatory requirements. For the Utility operating companies that own nuclear plants, lower nuclear plant capacity factors can increase production costs by requiring the affected companies to generate additional energy, sometimes at higher costs, from their owned or contractually controlled facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy their supply needs. 300 Table of Contents Part I Item 1A, 1B, and 1C Entergy Corporation, Utility operating companies, and System Energy Certain of the Utility operating companies and System Energy periodically shut down their nuclear power plants to replenish fuel. Plant maintenance and upgrades are often scheduled during such refueling outages. If refueling outages last longer than anticipated or if unplanned outages arise, Entergy’s and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity could be materially affected. Outages at nuclear power plants to replenish fuel require the plant to be “turned off.” Refueling outages generally are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months. Plant maintenance and upgrades are often scheduled during such planned outages, which may extend the planned outage duration beyond that required for only refueling activities. When refueling outages last longer than anticipated or a plant experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease, and maintenance costs may increase. Certain of the Utility operating companies and System Energy face risks related to the purchase of uranium fuel (and its conversion, enrichment, and fabrication). These risks could materially affect Entergy’s and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Based upon currently planned fuel cycles, Entergy’s nuclear units have a diversified portfolio of contracts and inventory that provides substantially adequate nuclear fuel materials and conversion and enrichment services at what Entergy believes are reasonably predictable prices through the end of 2029. Entergy’s ability to purchase nuclear fuel at reasonably predictable prices, however, depends upon the performance reliability of uranium miners. While there are a number of possible alternate suppliers that may be accessed to mitigate any supplier performance failure, the pricing of any such alternate uranium supply from the market will be dependent upon the market for uranium supply at that time. Entergy buys uranium from a diversified mix of sellers located in a diversified mix of countries, and from time to time purchases from nearly all qualified reliable major market participants worldwide that sell into the U.S. Market prices for nuclear fuel have been extremely volatile from time to time in the past and may be subject to increased volatility due to the imposition of tariffs, domestic purchase requirements, supply chain disruptions, limitations or bans on importation of uranium or uranium products from foreign countries, evolving geopolitical conditions such as the wars between Russia and Ukraine and Israel and Hamas, the Nigerien coup, or shifting trade arrangements or sanctions between countries. Although Entergy’s nuclear fuel contract portfolio provides a degree of hedging against market risks for several years, costs for nuclear fuel in the future cannot be predicted with certainty due to inherent market uncertainties, as well as uncertainties arising from the factors described in the immediately preceding sentence, and price changes could materially affect the liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations of certain of the Utility operating companies and System Energy. Entergy’s ability to assure uninterrupted nuclear fuel supply also depends upon the performance and reliability of conversion, enrichment, and fabrication services providers. These service providers are fewer in number than uranium suppliers. For conversion and enrichment services, Entergy diversifies its supply by supplier and country and may take special measures to ensure a reliable supply of enriched uranium for fabrication into nuclear fuel. For fabrication services, each plant is dependent upon the performance of the fabricator of that plant’s nuclear fuel; therefore, Entergy relies upon additional monitoring, inspection, and oversight of the fabrication process to assure reliability and quality of its nuclear fuel. Certain of the suppliers and service providers are located in or dependent upon foreign countries, such as Russia, and international sanctions, bans, retaliatory actions, or tariffs impacting trade with such countries could further restrict the ability of such suppliers or service providers to continue to supply fuel or provide such services at acceptable prices or at all. While such suppliers have performed as expected to date, the future inability of suppliers to perform such obligations could materially affect the liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations of certain of the Utility operating companies and System Energy. Certain of the Utility operating companies and System Energy face the risk that the NRC will change or modify its regulations, suspend or revoke their licenses, or increase oversight of their nuclear plants, which could materially affect Entergy’s and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Under the Atomic Energy Act and Energy Reorganization Act, the NRC regulates the operation of nuclear power plants. The NRC may modify, suspend, or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility and impose civil 301 Table of Contents Part I Item 1A, 1B, and 1C Entergy Corporation, Utility operating companies, and System Energy penalties for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act, related regulations, or the terms of the licenses for nuclear facilities. Interested parties may also intervene in pending proceedings, which could result in prolonged proceedings. A change in the Atomic Energy Act, other applicable statutes, or the applicable regulations or licenses, or the NRC’s interpretation thereof, may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and could materially affect the results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition of Entergy, certain of the Utility operating companies, or System Energy. A change in the classification of a plant owned by one of these companies under the NRC’s Reactor Oversight Process, which is the NRC’s program to collect information about plant performance, assess the information for its safety significance, and provide for appropriate licensee and NRC response, also could cause the owner of the plant to incur material additional costs as a result of the increased oversight activity and potential response costs associated with the change in classification. For additional information concerning the current classification of the plants owned by Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, and System Energy, see “ Regulation of Entergy’s Business - Regulation of the Nuclear Power Industry - NRC Reactor Oversight Process ” in Part I, Item 1. Events at nuclear plants owned by one of these companies, as well as those owned by others, may lead to a change in laws or regulations or the terms of the applicable licenses, or the NRC’s interpretation thereof, or may cause the NRC to increase oversight activity or initiate actions to modify, suspend, or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility, or impose civil penalties. As a result, if an incident were to occur at any nuclear generating unit, whether an Entergy nuclear generating unit or not, it could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of Entergy, certain of the Utility operating companies, or System Energy. Certain of the Utility operating companies and System Energy are exposed to risks and costs related to operating and maintaining their nuclear power plants, and their failure to maintain operational efficiency at their nuclear power plants could result in a plant shutdown or operation at less than full capacity and could materially affect Entergy’s and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. The nuclear generating units owned by certain of the Utility operating companies and System Energy began commercial operations in the 1970s-1980s. Older equipment may require more capital expenditures to keep each of these nuclear power plants operating safely and efficiently. This equipment is also likely to require periodic upgrading and improvement. Any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages, or any unanticipated capital expenditures, could result in increased costs, some of which costs may not be fully recoverable by these Utility operating companies and System Energy in regulatory proceedings should there be a determination of imprudence. Operations at any of the nuclear generating units owned and operated by Entergy’s subsidiaries could degrade to the point where the affected unit needs to be shut down or operated at less than full capacity. If this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. A decision may be made to close a unit rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the unit to full capacity. For these Utility operating companies and System Energy, this could result in certain costs being stranded and potentially not fully recoverable in regulatory proceedings. In addition, the operation and maintenance of Entergy’s nuclear facilities require the commitment of substantial human resources that can result in increased costs. Moreover, Entergy is becoming more dependent on fewer suppliers for key parts of Entergy’s nuclear power plants that may need to be replaced or refurbished, and in some cases, parts are no longer available and have to be reverse-engineered for replacement. In addition, certain major parts have long lead-times to manufacture if an unplanned replacement is needed. This dependence on a reduced number of suppliers and long lead-times on certain major parts for unplanned replacements could result in delays in obtaining qualified replacement parts and, therefore, greater expense for certain of the Utility operating companies and System Energy. 302 Table of Contents Part I Item 1A, 1B, and 1C Entergy Corporation, Utility operating companies, and System Energy The costs associated with the storage of the spent nuclear fuel of certain of the Utility operating companies and System Energy, as well as the costs of and their ability to fully decommission their nuclear power plants, could be significantly affected by the timing of the opening of a spent nuclear fuel disposal facility, as well as interim storage and transportation requirements. Certain of the Utility operating companies and System Energy incur costs for the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel. The approval of a license for a national repository for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, such as the one proposed for Yucca Mountain, Nevada, or any interim storage facility, and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel. For example, while the DOE is required by law to proceed with the licensing of the Yucca Mountain repository and, after the license is granted by the NRC, to construct the repository and commence the receipt of spent fuel, the NRC licensing of the Yucca Mountain repository is effectively at a standstill. These actions are prolonging the time before spent fuel is removed from Entergy’s plant sites. Because the DOE has not accomplished its objectives, it is in non-compliance with the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 and is in partial breach of its spent fuel disposal contracts, and Entergy has sued the DOE for such breaches, and has won and collected on judgments against the government totaling approximately $1.2 billion through 2025, and continues to be involved in litigation to recover damages. Furthermore, Entergy is uncertain as to when the DOE will commence acceptance of spent fuel from its facilities for storage or disposal. As a result, continuing future expenditures will be required to increase spent fuel storage capacity at the companies’ nuclear sites and maintenance costs on existing storage facilities, including aging management of fuel storage casks, may increase. The costs of on-site storage are also affected by regulatory requirements for such storage. In addition, the availability of a repository or other off-site storage facility for spent nuclear fuel may affect the ability to fully decommission the nuclear units and the costs relating to decommissioning. For further information regarding spent fuel storage, see the “ Critical Accounting Estimates – Nuclear Decommissioning Costs – Spent Fuel Disposal ” section of Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis for Entergy, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, and System Energy and Note 8 to the financial statements. Certain of the Utility operating companies and System Energy may be required to pay substantial retrospective premiums imposed under the Price-Anderson Act and/or by Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited (NEIL) in the event of a nuclear incident, and losses not covered by insurance could have a material effect on Entergy’s and their results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. Accidents and other unforeseen problems at nuclear power plants have occurred both in the United States and elsewhere. As required by the Price-Anderson Act, the Utility operating companies and System Energy carry the maximum available amount of primary nuclear off-site liability insurance with American Nuclear Insurers, which is $500 million for each operating site. Claims for any nuclear incident exceeding that amount are covered under Secondary Financial Protection. The Price-Anderson Act limits each reactor owner’s public liability (off-site) for a single nuclear incident to the payment of retrospective premiums into a secondary insurance pool, which is referred to as Secondary Financial Protection, up to approximately $165.9 million per reactor. With 95 reactors currently participating, this translates to a total public liability cap of approximately $15.8 billion per incident. The limit is subject to change to account for the effects of inflation, a change in the primary limit of insurance coverage, and changes in the number of licensed reactors. As a result, in the event of a nuclear incident that causes damages (off-site) in excess of the primary insurance coverage, each owner of a nuclear plant reactor, including Entergy’s Utility operating companies and System Energy, regardless of fault or proximity to the incident, will be required to pay a retrospective premium, equal to its proportionate share of the loss in excess of the primary insurance level, up to a maximum of approximately $165.9 million per reactor per incident (Entergy’s maximum total contingent obligation per incident is approximately $830 million). The retrospective premium payment is currently limited to approximately $25 million per year per incident per reactor until the aggregate public liability for each licensee is paid up to the $165.9 million cap. NEIL is a utility industry mutual insurance company, owned by its members, including the Utility operating companies and System Energy. NEIL provides onsite property and decontamination coverage. All member plants could be subject to an annual assessment (retrospective premium of up to 10 times current annual premium for all 303 Table of Contents Part I Item 1A, 1B, and 1C Entergy Corporation, Utility operating companies, and System Energy policies) should the NEIL surplus (reserve) be significantly depleted due to insured losses. The current maximum annual assessment amounts total approximately $76.1 million per occurrence for the Utility nuclear plants. The retrospective premium assessments are subject to change based on results of NEIL underwriting. As mentioned above, as an owner of nuclear power plants, Entergy participates in industry self-insurance programs and could be liable to fund claims should a plant owned by a different company experience a major event. Any resulting liability from a nuclear accident may exceed the applicable primary insurance coverage and require contribution of additional funds through the industry-wide program that coul
[...TRUNCATED...]