TICKER=EVRG|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/EVRG_2026-02-19.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Utility Regulatory Risks: Prices are established by regulators and may not be sufficient to recover costs or provide for a return on investment. The prices that the FERC, KCC and MPSC authorize the utility subsidiaries of Evergy to charge significantly influence the Evergy Companies' results of operations, financial position and cash flows. In general, utilities are allowed to recover in customer rates costs that were prudently incurred to provide utility service, plus a reasonable return on invested capital. There can be no assurance, however, that regulators will determine costs to have been prudently incurred. Further, the amounts approved by the regulators may not be sufficient to allow for a recovery of costs or provide for an adequate return on and of capital investments. Also, amounts that were approved by regulators may be subject to existing limitations in regulatory or legislative frameworks or appealed, modified, limited or eliminated by subsequent regulatory or legislative actions. The markets that the Evergy Companies operate in could also become deregulated resulting in costs that are unable to be recovered from customers. A failure to recover costs or earn a reasonable return on invested capital for any reason could negatively impact Evergy's ability to access capital at reasonable rates, impeding Evergy's ability to invest and develop infrastructure in its service territory, and may also have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of Evergy. The Evergy Companies are also exposed to cost-recovery shortfalls due to the inherent "regulatory lag" in the rate-setting process. Potential cost-recovery shortfalls occur because utility rates are generally based on historical information and, except for certain situations in which regulators allow for recovery of expenses through use of a formula that tracks costs, are not subject to adjustment between rate cases. These and other factors may result in under-recovery of costs or failure to earn the authorized return on investment, or both. Effective in July 2024, Evergy Kansas Central and Evergy Metro elected into a plant-in service accounting (PISA) provision permitted by Kansas law, allowing each to defer to a regulatory asset 90% of depreciation expense and associated return on investment associated with qualifying plants additions. These deferred amounts must be included in rate base during subsequent rate proceedings. However, Evergy Kansas Central and Evergy Metro will be unable to recover deferred amounts to the extent that inclusion of the incremental regulatory asset created by PISA causes base rates to increase more than 1.5% per year. Similarly, Evergy Metro and Evergy Missouri West elected into a PISA provision permitted by Missouri law that establishes a 2.5% annual limit on increases to the revenue requirement due to the inclusion of the incremental regulatory asset created by PISA. Increased capital expenditures could cause Evergy Kansas Central, Evergy Metro or Evergy Missouri West to exceed the applicable limitation resulting in an adverse impact to the Evergy Companies' results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Furthermore, there remains uncertainty in the near-term outlook as to whether inflation will remain elevated compared to pre-pandemic inflation rates. Increases in inflation raise the Evergy Companies' costs for labor, materials and services, and a failure to recover these increased costs could result in under-recovery. While the inflation rate and prices have increased, the Evergy Companies, and the energy industry as a whole, have experienced an upward trend in spending, especially with respect to new generation and infrastructure investments, which is likely to continue in the foreseeable future and could result in more frequent rate cases and requests for, and the continuation of, cost recovery mechanisms. The cost recovery efforts could face resistance from customers and other stakeholders especially in a rising cost environment, whether due to inflation or high fuel prices or otherwise, and/or in periods of economic decline or hardship. Significant increases in costs also could increase financing needs and otherwise adversely affect the Evergy Companies' business, financial position, results of operation or cash flows. The Evergy Companies' business and capital investment plan calls for significant investment in capital improvements and additions, including the construction or acquisition of additional generation and transmission facilities, interconnection with data centers and modernizing existing infrastructure. Failure to timely recover the full investment costs of capital projects, the impact of renewable energy and energy efficiency programs, the impact 17 Table of Contents of tariffs and trade policy, other utility costs and expenses due to regulatory disallowances, regulatory lag or other factors could lead to increased expenses, lowered credit ratings, reduced access to capital markets, increased financing costs, lower flexibility due to constrained financial resources and increased collateral security requirements or reductions or delays in planned capital expenditures. In response to competitive, economic, political, legislative, public perception, customer affordability and regulatory pressures, Evergy's utility subsidiaries may be subject to rate moratoriums, rate refunds, limits on rate increases, lower allowed returns on investments or rate reductions, including phase-in plans designed to spread the impact of rate increases over an extended period for the benefit of customers. In addition, Transource, of which Evergy owns a 13.5% interest, is focused on the development of competitive electric transmission projects across the United States and faces similar risks with respect to projects located in regulatory jurisdictions outside of Kansas and Missouri. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Evergy Companies. Legislative and regulatory requirements may increase costs and result in compliance penalties. FERC, the North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC) and SPP have implemented and enforce an extensive set of transmission system reliability, cybersecurity and critical infrastructure protection standards that apply to public utilities. The MPSC and KCC have the authority to implement utility operational standards and requirements, such as vegetation management standards, facilities inspection requirements and quality of service standards. In addition, the Evergy Companies are also subject to health, safety and other requirements enacted by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Department of Transportation, the Department of Labor and other federal and state agencies. As discussed more fully below, the Evergy Companies are also subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations, as well as laws and regulations related to nuclear power generation. The costs of complying with existing, new or modified regulations, standards and other requirements could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Evergy Companies. Furthermore, regulatory changes could result in operational changes that increase costs or adversely impact the Evergy Companies' prospects. In addition, failure to meet quality of service, reliability, cybersecurity, critical infrastructure protection, operational or other standards and requirements could expose the Evergy Companies to penalties, additional compliance costs or adverse rate consequences, any of which could have a material adverse impact on their results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Environmental Risks: Costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to air and water quality, waste management and hazardous substance disposal, protected natural resources and health and safety, are significant and may adversely impact operations and financial results. The Evergy Companies are subject to extensive and evolving federal, state and local environmental laws, regulations and permit requirements relating to air and water quality, waste management and hazardous substance disposal, protected natural resources (such as wetlands, federally-listed species and other protected wildlife) and health and safety. See Item 1. Business - Environmental Matters and Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. In general, over time these laws and regulations have become increasingly stringent and compliance with these laws and regulations require an increasing share of capital and operating resources, which may reduce the resources available for other business objectives, including capital investments. Compliance with environmental laws, regulations and requirements requires significant capital and operating resources. Regulators may also disagree with the Evergy Companies' interpretation or application of environmental laws, regulations and requirements. The failure to comply with environmental laws, regulations and requirements could result in substantial fines, injunctive relief and other sanctions. The EPA has begun issuing coal combustion residual (CCR) Part A and Part B rule extension application determinations for companies that applied for approval to operate unlined or clay-lined impoundments beyond April 2021. The Evergy Companies did not apply for an extension; however, the EPA's proposed determinations on applications include extensive CCR rule interpretations and compliance expectations that may impact all owners of CCR units. The new interpretations could require modified compliance plans such as different methods of CCR 18 Table of Contents unit closure. Additionally, more stringent remediation requirements for units that are in corrective action or forced to go into corrective action could result in substantial costs or operational impacts. Environmental permits are subject to periodic renewal, which may result in more stringent permit conditions and limits. New facilities, or modifications of existing facilities, may require new environmental permits or amendments to existing permits. Delays in the environmental permitting process, public opposition and challenges, denials of permit applications, limits or conditions imposed in permits and the associated uncertainty may materially adversely affect the cost and timing of projects, and thus may materially adversely affect the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Evergy Companies. In addition, compliance with environmental laws, regulations and requirements could alter the way assets are managed, which in turn could result in retiring assets earlier than expected, recording asset retirement obligations (AROs) or having a regulator disallow recovery of costs that had been prudently incurred in connection with those assets. There is also a risk of lawsuits alleging violations of environmental laws, regulations or requirements, claiming creation of a public nuisance or other matters, and seeking injunctions or monetary damages or other relief. Costs of compliance with environmental laws, regulations and requirements, or fines, penalties or negative lawsuit outcomes, if not recovered in rates from customers, could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Evergy Companies. Financial Risks: Evergy’s business and capital investment plans depend, in part, on the viability of data centers and large load customers interconnecting with Evergy’s utility subsidiaries. The Evergy Companies are experiencing current and projected load demands that exceed recent experience, creating a business need for new power generating resources and transmission facilities. Much of this demand is driven by interconnecting with and providing power to data centers and large load customers to serve an increasingly digital economy and to support artificial intelligence. The business and capital investment plans of the Evergy Companies are focused on meeting these current and projected needs. If these increased demands for electricity do not occur as projected or are not sustained as projected, for any reason, it could have a material adverse effect on the Evergy Companies' financial results. Financial market volatility or declines in the Evergy Companies' credit ratings may increase financing costs and limit access to the credit markets, which may adversely affect liquidity and financial results. The Evergy Companies rely on funds from operations and access to the capital and credit markets to fund capital expenditures and for working capital and liquidity. Volatility in capital or credit markets, increases in interest rates, deterioration in the financial condition of the financial institutions on which the Evergy Companies rely, credit rating downgrades, delays in regulatory approvals for certain financings, a decrease in the market price of Evergy's common stock or a lack of demand for securities issued by the Evergy Companies or subsidiaries could have material adverse effects on the Evergy Companies. These effects could include, among others: reduced access to capital and increased cost of borrowed funds and collateral requirements; dilution resulting from equity issuances at reduced prices; increased nuclear decommissioning trust and pension and other post-retirement benefit plan funding requirements; reduced ability to pay dividends; rate case disallowance of costs of capital; reductions in or delays of capital expenditures; delayed access to the capital markets at opportune times; and limitations in the ability of Evergy to provide credit support for its subsidiaries. The Evergy Companies plan to continue to make significant capital investments in natural gas and renewable generation and other forms of capacity and to enhance the customer experience, improve reliability and resiliency and improve efficiency, which are expected to be funded with cash flows from operations and issuances of debt, equity and hybrid securities. If cash flows from operations are lower than expected or the costs of these capital investments are higher than expected, additional debt, equity and hybrid securities will be required to fund the investments, which, in turn, may result in a decrease in the market value of Evergy's common stock, create pressure on the Evergy Companies' credit ratings or result in a ratings downgrade and increase their cost of capital. While the Evergy Companies currently expect sufficient available debt and equity capital from public and private funding sources, there is no guarantee such sources will be available in the future. Further, Evergy Kansas Central and 19 Table of Contents Evergy Metro have outstanding tax-exempt bonds with interest rates that are determined each week. The bondholders of these tax-exempt bonds are permitted to tender the tax-exempt bonds to the issuer for purchase and, if tendered, the issuer is obligated to purchase any such bonds that cannot be remarketed to other investors, which could adversely impact liquidity. Finally, market disruption and volatility could have an adverse impact on Evergy's lenders, suppliers and other counterparties or customers, causing them to fail to meet their obligations. Evergy is a holding company and relies on the earnings of its subsidiaries to meet its financial obligations. Evergy is a holding company with no significant operations of its own. The primary source of funds for Evergy's payment of dividends to its shareholders and its other financial obligations is dividends paid to it by its direct subsidiaries, particularly Evergy Kansas Central, Evergy Metro and Evergy Missouri West. Evergy's subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to provide Evergy with funds. The ability of Evergy's subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions, and accordingly, Evergy's ability to pay dividends on its common stock and meet its financial obligations, principally depends on the earnings and cash flows, capital requirements and general financial position of its subsidiaries, as well as regulatory factors, financial covenants, general business conditions and other matters. In addition, the Evergy Companies are subject to certain corporate and regulatory restrictions and financial covenants that could affect their ability to pay dividends. Under the Federal Power Act, Evergy Kansas Central, Evergy Metro and Evergy Missouri West generally can pay dividends only out of retained earnings. Each of Evergy Metro and Evergy Missouri West has committed to Missouri regulators to not pay dividends to Evergy if its credit rating falls below BBB- for S&P Global Ratings or Baa3 for Moody's Investors Service. Each of Evergy Kansas Central and Evergy Metro has committed to Kansas regulators to not pay dividends to Evergy if (i) the payment would result in an increase in the utility's debt level (excluding short-term debt and debt due within one year) above 60 percent of its total capitalization, absent approval from the KCC or (ii) if its credit rating falls below BBB- for S&P Global Ratings or Baa3 for Moody's Investors Service. Under various debt agreements, the Evergy Companies are also required to maintain a consolidated indebtedness to consolidated total capitalization ratio of not more than 0.65 to 1.00, which could restrict the amount of dividends the Evergy Companies are permitted to pay. Evergy cannot guarantee dividends will be paid in the future or that, if paid, dividends will satisfy announced targets or investor expectations or be paid with the same frequency as in the past. Additionally, Evergy may not declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on its capital stock during any period in which Evergy defers interest on its outstanding junior subordinated notes. In addition, from time to time Evergy has in the past and may in the future guarantee debt obligations of its subsidiaries. Under the financing agreements to which Evergy is a party, a guarantee of debt may be considered indebtedness for purposes of complying with financial covenants that dictate the extent to which Evergy can borrow money, and any guarantee payments could adversely affect Evergy's liquidity and ability to service its own debt obligations. Supply chain disruptions, tariffs and inflation could negatively impact the Evergy Companies' operations and corporate strategy. The operations and business plans of the Evergy Companies depend on the global supply chain to procure the equipment, materials and other resources necessary to build and provide services in a safe and reliable manner. The delivery of components, materials, equipment and other resources that are critical to the Evergy Companies' business operations and corporate strategy has been restricted by domestic and global supply chain uncertainty. This has resulted in the shortage of critical items. International tensions from any source, including the ramifications of regional conflict or increased tariffs, could further exacerbate the global supply chain uncertainty. These disruptions and shortages could adversely impact business operations and corporate strategy. The current presidential administration has implemented tariffs on certain imported goods and may impose additional tariffs. The constraints in the supply chain could restrict the availability and delay the construction, maintenance or repair of items that are needed to support normal operations or are required to execute on the Evergy Companies' corporate strategy for continued capital investment in utility equipment and impact the strategy to modernize its generation fleet. These disruptions and constraints could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Evergy Companies. 20 Table of Contents Supply chain disruptions have contributed to higher prices of components, materials, equipment and other needed commodities. An extended duration or an ongoing increase in the severity of supply chain and inflationary disruptions, including increased tariffs, could result in continued inflation, further extend lead times and result in higher cost of capital. While the Evergy Companies generally recover increases in costs from customers through rates in the Evergy Companies' regulated jurisdictions, short-term increases may not be recovered due to "regulatory lag." Failure to recover increased costs could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Evergy Companies. Additionally, heightened inflation raises the Evergy Companies' costs for labor, materials and services, and failure to secure these on reasonable terms may adversely impact the Evergy Companies' business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Public health crises, epidemics, or pandemics could adversely affect the Evergy Companies' business functions, financial position, liquidity, and results of operations. Public health crises, epidemics, or pandemics and any related government responses may adversely impact the economy and financial markets and could have a variety of adverse impacts on the Evergy Companies, including a decrease in revenues, increased credit loss expense; increases in past due accounts receivable balances; and access to the capital markets at unreasonable terms or rates. Public health crises, epidemics, or pandemics and any related government responses could also impair the Evergy Companies' ability to develop, construct, and operate facilities. Risks include extended disruptions to supply chains and inflation, resulting in increased costs for labor, materials, and services, which could adversely impact the Evergy Companies' ability to implement their corporate strategy. The Evergy Companies may also be adversely impacted by labor disruptions and productivity as a result of infections, employee attrition, and a reduced ability to replace departing employees as a result of employees who leave or forego employment to avoid any required precautionary measures. Despite the Evergy Companies' efforts to manage the impacts of public health crises, epidemics, or pandemics that may occur in the future, the extent to which they may affect them depends on factors beyond their knowledge or control. As a result, the Evergy Companies are unable to determine the potential impact any such public health crises, epidemics, or pandemics may have on their business plans and operations, liquidity, financial position, and results of operations. Increasing costs associated with defined benefit retirement and postretirement plans, health care plans and other employee benefits could adversely affect Evergy's financial position and liquidity. Evergy maintains defined benefit retirement and other post-retirement employee benefit plans for certain current and former employees. The costs of these plans depend on a number of factors, including the rates of return on plan assets, the level and nature of the provided benefits, discount rates, the interest rates used to measure required minimum funding levels, changes in benefit design, changes in laws or regulations and the amount of any required or voluntary contributions to the plans. The Evergy Companies have substantial unfunded liabilities under these plans. Also, if the rate of retirements exceeds planned levels, these plans experience adverse market returns on investments or interest rates fall, required or voluntary contributions to the plans could be material. In addition, changes in accounting rules and assumptions related to future costs, returns on investments, interest rates and other actuarial assumptions, including projected retirements, could have an adverse impact on the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Evergy Companies. The costs of providing health care benefits to employees and retirees have increased in recent years and may continue to rise in the future. Future legislative changes related to health care could also cause significant changes to benefit programs and costs. The increasing costs associated with health care plans could have an adverse impact on the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Evergy Companies. The Evergy Companies are subject to commodity and other risks associated with energy markets. The Evergy Companies are required to maintain generation capacity that satisfies regulatory mandates and are obligated to provide power when required by the SPP or pursuant to contractual obligations. Although the Evergy Companies generally have regulatory mechanisms that allow them to recover the cost of fuel and purchased power 21 Table of Contents necessary to satisfy these requirements, regulatory or legislative actions could limit, eliminate or delay recovery of these expenses after the expenses have been incurred. The Evergy Companies engage in the wholesale and retail sale of electricity and the wholesale purchase of electricity as part of their regulated electric operations in addition to energy marketing activities and the management of third-party generation facilities. These activities expose the Evergy Companies to risks associated with the price of electricity and other energy-related products, as well as credit exposure to their counterparties. Exposure to these risks is affected by a number of factors, including the availability and cost of fuel and power that the Evergy Companies purchase on the wholesale markets to serve customer load or to satisfy their regulatory or contractual obligations, the ability or effectiveness of strategies utilized by the Evergy Companies to hedge these risks, the extent to which the Evergy Companies may be required to post collateral for the benefit of third parties and the risk that counterparties fail to fulfill their obligations to the Evergy Companies. Market volatility can increase or create unanticipated risks. Regional transmission organizations and independent system operators may also retroactively reprice transactions following execution. Subject to certain regulatory constraints, the Evergy Companies use derivative instruments, such as transmission congestion rights (TCRs), swaps, options, futures and forwards, to manage commodity and financial risks. Losses could be recognized as a result of volatility in the market values of these contracts, if a counterparty fails to perform or if the underlying transactions, which the derivative instruments are intended to hedge, fail to materialize. The valuation of these financial instruments can involve management’s judgment or the use of estimates. As a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these contracts. The Evergy Companies cannot assure that their risk management practices will be effective or will mitigate all risks. The results of operations, financial position and liquidity of the Evergy Companies could be materially adversely affected if the Evergy Companies fail to recover, or experience a delay in the recovery of, fuel and purchased power expenses; if the Evergy Companies fail to adequately hedge or mitigate commodity or energy market risks; if the Evergy Companies are required to provide collateral in amounts greater than planned; if energy marketing transactions are retroactively repriced; or if counterparties fail to fulfill obligations to the Evergy Companies. Tax legislation and an inability to utilize tax credits could adversely impact results of operations, financial position and liquidity. Tax laws and regulations can adversely affect, among other things, financial results, liquidity, credit ratings and the valuation of assets, such as deferred income tax assets. The Evergy Companies regularly assess their ability to utilize tax benefits, including those in the form of net operating loss (NOL), tax credit and other tax carryforwards, that are recorded as deferred income tax assets on their balance sheets to determine whether a valuation allowance is necessary. A reduction in, or disallowance of, these tax benefits could have an adverse impact on the financial results and liquidity of the Evergy Companies. Changes in corporate tax rates or policy changes, as well as any inability to generate enough taxable income in the future to utilize all tax benefits before they expire, could have an adverse impact on the results of operations, financial position and liquidity of the Evergy Companies. In addition, the Evergy Companies construct and operate renewable energy facilities that generate tax credits that reduce federal income tax obligations. The Evergy Companies are also eligible under current law for production tax credits related to the generation of electricity from nuclear energy. The One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) was signed into law on July 4, 2025. The OBBBA, among other things, changed most of the federal renewable energy initiatives. Furthermore, the amount of tax credits is dependent on several factors, including the amount of electricity produced and the applicable tax credit rate. A variety of factors, including transmission constraints, IRS interpretation on eligibility as well as the calculation of the credits, a change in law or regulation, the ability to timely complete construction of renewable energy facilities, adverse weather conditions and breakdown or failure of equipment, could significantly reduce these tax credits, which could have an adverse impact on the results of operations and financial position of the Evergy Companies. 22 Table of Contents The anticipated benefits of the Evergy Companies' strategy may not be realized. The Evergy Companies' strategy includes maintaining rigorous cost management and planned increases in capital investment levels to meet expected electricity demand growth and economic development in their service territory. The Evergy Companies' strategy also includes a different mix of capital investments than has been pursued in the past, including significant capital investments in natural gas and renewable generation and battery storage capacity. The Evergy Companies' strategy is expected to result in the modernization and expansion of the generation fleet to support economic expansion in Kansas and Missouri and, as reflected in their IRPs, is expected in the future to be accompanied by the retirement of older coal-fired generation units and/or conversion of coal-fired generation resources to natural gas. If regulators determine that the modernization and expansion of the generation fleet or the retirement or conversion of coal generation facilities were not prudent, they could prohibit the Evergy Companies from recovering, or earning a return on, the investments in those facilities that were prudent when the investments were originally made. This concept is known as a "stranded asset," and generation retirements or conversion outside of those contemplated in the IRP increase the risk that regulators will disallow the recovery of otherwise prudent investments. In addition, the Evergy Companies may in the future utilize legislative mechanisms known as securitization to facilitate the retirement of coal-fired generation, which will eliminate future returns on the investment that was originally made by the Evergy Companies in those coal-fired generating facilities and reduce the Evergy's Companies' results of operations and financial position. No assurance can be given that the expected electricity demand growth and economic development in the Evergy Companies' service territory will occur, or that the Evergy Companies will be successful in implementing their strategy in a timely manner or at all, and a failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Evergy Companies and have an adverse impact on the price of Evergy’s common stock. The price of Evergy common stock may experience volatility. The price of Evergy common stock may be volatile. Some of the factors that could affect the price of Evergy common stock are Evergy's earnings; the ability of the Evergy Companies to implement their strategic plan; the ability of Evergy to deploy capital; actions by regulators including authorized return on equity and equity capital structure levels that could impact the ability to attract capital; anticipated demand for electricity from large load customers not occurring as projected or not sustained as projected; and statements in the press or investment community about the Evergy Companies' strategy, earnings per share or growth prospects, results of operations or financial position. Negative perceptions or publicity from increasing scrutiny of environmental, social and governance practices could also adversely impact Evergy's stock price. Also, individuals or entities, such as activist shareholders and special interest groups, may seek to influence the Evergy Companies' strategic plan or take other actions that could disrupt the Evergy Companies' business, financial results or operations and could adversely impact Evergy's stock price. In addition, the Evergy Companies operate almost exclusively in Kansas and Missouri and this concentration may increase exposure to risks arising from unique local or regional factors. Furthermore, domestic and international market conditions and economic factors and political events unrelated to the performance of Evergy (including geopolitical conflicts) may also affect Evergy's stock price. For these reasons, shareholders should not rely on historical trends in the price of Evergy common stock to predict the future price of Evergy's common stock. Evergy has recorded goodwill that could become impaired and adversely affect financial results . As required by generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), Evergy recorded a significant amount of goodwill on its balance sheet in connection with completion of the merger that resulted in the formation of Evergy. Evergy assesses goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or circumstances occur that would indicate a potential for impairment. If goodwill is deemed to be impaired, Evergy may be required to incur non-cash charges that could materially adversely affect its results of operations. Customer and Weather-Related Risks: Evergy is subject to wildfire risk. Wildfires have the potential to negatively affect communities within the Evergy Companies' service territories and the surrounding areas, as well as its network of electric transmission and distribution lines and facilities. The 23 Table of Contents possibility of wildfires and the risk of damage to the Evergy Companies' network and facilities resulting therefrom may be exacerbated by severe weather events and the effects of climate change. The continued expansion of the wildland-urban interface has also increased wildfire risk to communities in the Evergy Companies' service territories. While the Evergy Companies proactively take steps to mitigate wildfire risk in the areas of its electrical assets, wildfire risk is always present. Kansas has enacted legislation that partially mitigates wildfire-related liability exposure for Kansas public utilities by establishing a two-year statute of limitations for wildfire-related claims and imposing a cap on punitive damages awarded under a fire-related claim. The law also requires plaintiffs to prove fire-related claims by a preponderance of the evidence. Despite these statutory limitations, the Evergy Companies could still be held liable for damages incurred as a result of wildfires or incur reputational harm if it was determined that the wildfires were caused by or enhanced due to any fault of the Evergy Companies. In addition, while the Evergy Companies maintain wildfire insurance, insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all losses the Evergy Companies may incur as a result of wildfires. Wildfires could also lead to significant financial distress, credit rating downgrades, limits on the ability to access capital markets and further increased costs for wildfire insurance or lack of availability thereof. Insufficient wildfire insurance coverage, increased wildfire insurance costs and a lack of wildfire insurance availability could adversely impact the Evergy Companies' results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Furthermore, any damage caused to the Evergy Companies' assets, loss of service to customers or liability imposed as a result of wildfires could negatively impact Evergy's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Changes in electricity consumption could have a material adverse effect on Evergy's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Change in customer behaviors in response to energy efficiency programs, changing conditions and preferences or changes in the adoption of technologies could affect the consumption of energy by customers. Federal and state programs exist to influence the way customers use energy and regulators have mandates to promote energy efficiency. Conservation programs and customers' level of participation in the programs could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Evergy Companies. Technological advances, energy efficiency and other energy conservation measures have reduced and will continue to reduce customer electricity consumption. The Evergy Companies predominately generate electricity at central station power plants to achieve economies of scale and produce electricity at a competitive cost. Self-generation and distributed generation technologies, including microturbines, wind turbines, fuel cells and solar cells, as well as those related to the storage of energy produced by these systems, have become economically competitive with the manner and price at which the Evergy Companies sell electricity. There is also a perception that generating or storing electricity through these technologies is more environmentally friendly than generating electricity with fossil fuels. Increased adoption of these technologies could reduce electricity demand and the pool of customers from whom fixed costs are recovered, resulting in under recovery of the fixed costs of the Evergy Companies. Increased self-generation and the related use of net energy metering, which allows self-generating customers to receive bill credits for surplus power, could put upward price pressure on remaining customers. If the Evergy Companies are unable to adjust to reduced electricity demand and increased self-generation and net energy metering, their results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be adversely affected. Changes in customer electricity consumption due to sustained financial market disruptions, downturns or sluggishness in the economy or other factors may also adversely affect the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Evergy Companies. Weather is a major driver of the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Evergy Companies and the Evergy Companies are subject to risks associated with climate change. Weather conditions directly influence the demand for and price of electricity. The Evergy Companies are significantly impacted by seasonality, and, due to energy demand created by air conditioning load, their highest revenues are typically recorded in the third quarter. Unusually mild winter or summer weather can adversely affect sales. In addition, severe weather and events, including tornados, snow, fire, rain, flooding, drought and ice storms, can be destructive and cause outages and property damage that can result in increased expenses, lower revenues and additional restoration costs. Storm reserves established by the Evergy Companies may be insufficient and rates may not be adjusted in a timely manner, or at all, to recover these costs. Additionally, because many of the Evergy 24 Table of Contents Companies' generating stations utilize water for cooling, low water and flow levels can increase maintenance costs at these stations, result in limited power production and require modifications to plant operations. High water conditions can also impair planned deliveries of fuel to generating stations or otherwise adversely impact the ability of the Evergy Companies to operate these stations. Climate change may produce more frequent or severe weather events, such as storms, droughts or floods. These events could lead to unforeseen changes in water supply quality and create additional costs related to water treatment and complying with environmental discharge requirements. Climate change events could also impact the economic health of the Evergy Companies' service territories. An increase in the frequency or severity of extreme weather events or a deterioration in the economic health of the Evergy Companies' service territories could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Evergy Companies. Additionally, the Evergy Companies have been increasing their renewable resources and expect to continue to add renewable capacity in the future. The production of energy from wind and solar facilities depends heavily on suitable weather conditions, which are variable. When wind or solar conditions are unfavorable or below estimates, electricity production can be substantially below expectations. In addition, policy, legal and regulatory efforts to influence climate change, such as efforts to reduce GHG emissions, impose a tax on emissions and create incentives for low-carbon generation and energy efficiency, could result in reduced sales and require significant costs to respond to such efforts. These efforts could also result in the early retirement of generation facilities, which could result in stranded costs if regulators disallow recovery of investments that were prudent when originally made and included in rates. Evergy has a goal to achieve net-zero CO 2 e emissions, for scope 1 and 2 emissions, by 2050 through the responsible transition of the Evergy Companies' generation fleet. This time frame is consistent with the majority of industry peers with stated net-zero emissions goals. The trajectory and timing of achieving emissions reductions and the 2050 goal are expected to be dependent on the evolution of Evergy's IRPs and many external factors, including enabling technology developments, trends in the total demand for electricity, the reliability of the power grid, availability of transmission capacity, supportive energy policies and regulations, and other factors. These external factors are outside of Evergy's direct control, and without these enabling factors, Evergy cannot be confident in achieving its net-zero carbon reduction goal. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Evergy Companies and the market prices of Evergy's common stock. Operational Risks: The Evergy Companies are exposed to risks associated with the ownership and operation of a nuclear generating unit, which could adversely impact the Evergy Companies' business and financial results. Evergy indirectly owns 94% of Wolf Creek, with Evergy Kansas South and Evergy Metro each owning 47% of the nuclear plant. Such ownership exposes the Evergy Companies to various risks unique to the nuclear industry. Damages, decommissioning or other costs could exceed the Evergy Companies' ability to recover such costs through rates or other mechanisms such as decommissioning trust assets or through external insurance coverage, including statutorily required nuclear incident insurance. The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities, including Wolf Creek. In the event of non-compliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines, shut down the facilities, or both, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. Additionally, the non-compliance of other nuclear facility operators with applicable regulations or the occurrence of a serious nuclear incident anywhere in the world could result in increased regulation of the nuclear industry. Such events could increase Wolf Creek's costs and impact the financial results of the Evergy Companies or result in a shutdown of Wolf Creek. An extended outage of Wolf Creek, whether resulting from NRC action, an incident at the plant or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on the results of opera
[...TRUNCATED...]