TICKER=EW|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/EW_2026-02-25.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business and assets are subject to varying degrees of risk and uncertainty. An investor should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the SEC. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of these events or circumstances occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could be materially harmed. In that case, the value of our securities could decline and an investor could lose part or all of his or her investment. In addition, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that are contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in our other filings or statements may be subject to the risks described below as well as other risks and uncertainties. Please read the cautionary notice regarding forward-looking statements in Part I above. Please note that the headers and summary provided below are only intended to assist the reader in navigating the risk factors; some risks, present or future, may implicate multiple types of risks. Please read all risk factors in their entirety. Summary of Risk Factors The following summarizes the principal risks and uncertainties affecting our business, financial condition, and results of operations. This summary should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing our business and you should read this summary together with the more detailed description of risks and uncertainties discussed below. Business and Operating Risks • Failure to successfully innovate and market products • Unsuccessful clinical trials or procedures • Manufacturing, logistics, or quality problems • Competition 12 Table of Contents • Dependence on key physicians. research institutions, and hospital systems • Public health crises, including pandemics and epidemics • Reliance on vendors, suppliers, and other third parties • Use of, or failure to effectively and timely utilize, emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence (“AI”) • Damage, failure, or interruption of our information technology systems, including due to cybersecurity attacks and breaches • Failure to recruit and retain qualified talent or execute management succession plans • Failure to integrate acquired businesses • Risks associated with the sale of our Critical Care product group Global Macroeconomic and Industry Risks • Risks associated with global economic, political and social conditions • Risks related to our international operations • Inability to obtain government reimbursement or reductions in reimbursement levels • Industry consolidation Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Risks • Inability to protect our intellectual property • Inability to defend against intellectual property claims from third parties • Reduced access and demand for our products as a result of, and compliance with, health care legislation and other government regulations • Risks related to domestic and foreign income and non-income taxes • Risks related to data privacy and security laws • Losses from product liability claims • Use of products in unapproved circumstances • Substantial costs from environmental, health and safety regulations • Climate change • Risks relating to animal-borne illnesses Business and Operating Risks Failure to successfully innovate and develop new and differentiated products in a timely manner and effectively market these products could have a material effect on our prospects. Our continued growth and success depend on our ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products in a timely manner and effectively market these products. Without timely innovation and development, our products could be rendered obsolete or less competitive because of the introduction of a competitor's newer technologies or changing customer preferences. Innovating products requires the devotion of significant financial and other resources to research and development activities; however, there is no certainty that the products we are currently developing will complete the development process, or that we will obtain the regulatory or other approvals required to market such products in a timely manner or at all. Even if we timely innovate and develop products, our ability to successfully market them could be limited by a number of different factors, including competitive products and pricing, barriers in patient activation (including disease awareness, detection, and diagnosis), restrictive requirements in the U.S. national coverage determination for transcatheter aortic valve replacement procedures, the need for regulatory clearance, restrictions imposed on approved indications, capacity constraints within hospital systems, including staffing shortages and the availability of catheterization laboratories, and uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. Failure in any of these areas could have a material effect on our prospects. Unsuccessful clinical trials or procedures relating to products could have a material adverse effect on our prospects. The regulatory approval process for new products and new indications for existing products requires extensive clinical trials and procedures, including early clinical feasibility and regulatory studies. Unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data from current or future clinical trials or procedures conducted by us, our competitors, or third parties, or perceptions regarding these clinical data, could adversely affect our ability to obtain necessary approvals and the market's view of our future prospects. Such clinical trials and procedures are inherently uncertain and there can be 13 Table of Contents no assurance that these trials or procedures will be enrolled or completed in a timely or cost-effective manner or result in a commercially viable product or indication; failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our prospects. Clinical trials or procedures may experience significant setbacks even after earlier trials have shown promising results. Further, preliminary results from clinical trials or procedures may be contradicted by subsequent analyses. In addition, results from our clinical trials or procedures may not be supported by actual long-term studies or clinical experience. If preliminary clinical results are later contradicted, or if initial results cannot be supported by actual long-term studies or clinical experience, our business could be adversely affected. Clinical trials or procedures may be delayed, suspended, or terminated by us, the FDA, or other regulatory authorities at any time if it is believed that the trial participants face unacceptable health risks or any other reasons, and any such delay, suspension, or termination could have a material adverse effect on our prospects or the market's view of our future prospects. If we or one of our suppliers or logistics partners encounters manufacturing, logistics, safety, or quality problems, our business could be materially adversely affected. The manufacture and sterilization of many of our products are highly complex due in part to rigorous regulatory requirements. Quality is extremely important for many reasons, including due to the serious and costly consequences of a product failure. Safety is also critically important. Problems can arise for a number of reasons, including disruption of facility utilities, equipment malfunction, failure to follow protocols and procedures, raw material problems (including cost volatility and availability), software problems, cybersecurity incidents, or human error. Disruptions can occur at any time, including during production line transfers and expansions. Disruptions can also occur if our manufacturing and warehousing facilities are damaged by earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanoes, fires, and other natural disasters or catastrophic circumstances. As we expand into new markets and scale new products for commercial production, we may face unanticipated delays or surges in demand which could strain our production capacity and lead to other types of disruption. If any of these manufacturing, logistics, or quality problems arise or if we or one of our suppliers or logistics partners otherwise fail to meet internal quality standards or those of the FDA or other applicable regulatory body, our reputation could be damaged, we could become subject to a safety alert or a recall (whether voluntary or mandated), we could incur product liability and other costs, product approvals and production could be delayed, and our business could otherwise be materially adversely affected. We operate in highly competitive markets, and if we do not compete effectively, our business will be harmed. We face substantial competition and compete with technologies of many types and companies of all sizes on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, product performance, brand name recognition, breadth of product offerings, real or perceived product advantages, pricing and availability and rate of reimbursement. In addition, given the trend toward value-based healthcare, if we are not able to continue to demonstrate the full value of our differentiated products to healthcare providers and payors, our competitive position could be adversely affected. We have in the past and are continuing to experience constrained procedure volumes and sales for our products because more products, including Edwards’ own products, are competing for the same facilities and staffing within hospitals. See “ Competition” under “ Business” in Part I, Item 1 included herein. The success of many of our products depends upon certain key physicians, research institutions, and hospital systems. We work with leading global physicians and research institutions who provide considerable knowledge and experience. These physicians may assist us as researchers, marketing consultants, product trainers and consultants, inventors, and public speakers. If new laws, regulations, or other developments limit our ability to appropriately engage these professionals or with the research institutions of which they are a part or to continue to receive their advice and input or we are otherwise unsuccessful in maintaining strong working relationships with these physicians or their research institutions, the development, marketing, and successful use of our products could suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, we rely on hospital systems to be able to hire staff and have available facilities, including catheterization laboratories, to perform procedures using our products. With multiple new technologies competing for these facilities, including technologies we develop and introduce in both our TAVR and TMTT product groups, a decision by a hospital system, particularly a large hospital system, not to adequately staff or provide facilities necessary to perform procedures using our products, or a decision to use a competitors’ products instead of ours, has in the past and may continue in the future to meaningfully adversely impact our ability to sell our products, 14 Table of Contents resulting in lower sales and revenue than we forecasted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to risks associated with public health crises. We are subject to risks associated with public health crises, including pandemics and epidemics, the timing and effects of which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict, and could disrupt our business and the hospital systems and supply chains in which we operate and result in material adverse impacts on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely on third parties in the design, manufacture, and sterilization of our products. Any failure by or loss of a vendor could result in delays and increased costs, which may adversely affect our business. We rely on third parties for a broad range of raw and organic materials and other items in the design, manufacture, and sterilization of our products, and we purchase certain supplies and services from single sources for reasons of quality assurance, cost-effectiveness, availability, constraints resulting from regulatory requirements, and other reasons. We experience from time to time, and may continue to experience, supply interruptions due to a variety of factors, including: • General economic conditions that could adversely affect the financial viability of our vendors; • Vendors' election to no longer service or supply medical technology companies, including due to the burdens of applicable quality requirements and regulations or for no reason at all; • The limitation or ban of certain chemicals or other materials used in the manufacture of our products; and • Delays, shortages and price increases due to trade or regulatory embargoes. Additionally, any significant increases in the cost of raw materials, whether due to inflationary pressure, supply constraints, the imposition of tariffs, regulatory changes, or otherwise, could adversely impact our operating results. A change or addition to our vendors could require significant effort due to the rigorous regulations and requirements of the FDA and other regulatory authorities; it could be difficult to establish additional or replacement sources on a timely basis or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our use of, or our failure to effectively and timely utilize, emerging technologies, including AI, could adversely impact our business and financial results. We use AI and other emerging technologies in various facets of our operations and our business. The legal and regulatory landscape surrounding AI technologies is rapidly evolving and uncertain. The rapid advancement of these technologies entails risks, including potential deficiencies in AI-generated information and increased regulatory, cybersecurity, privacy, intellectual property and data-related risks. Another risk may arise if we are unable to timely utilize AI for technological innovation and business operation efficiency in a manner that is faster and more effective than our competitors. In addition, compliance with new or changing laws, regulations or industry standards relating to AI may impose significant costs on us and limit our ability to effectively develop, deploy or use AI technologies. Furthermore, if we are unable to effectively manage the use of AI technologies by our employees and service providers, our confidential information, intellectual property and reputation could be put at risk. Failure to appropriately respond to this evolving landscape may result in reputational, competitive and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action and fines, penalties and expenses related thereto. Failure to protect our information technology infrastructure and our products against cybersecurity attacks, network security breaches, service interruptions, or data corruption could materially disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and operating results. The operation of our business depends on our information technology systems and the information technology systems of certain of our service providers and suppliers. We rely on our information technology systems to, among other things, effectively manage sales and marketing data, accounting and financial functions, inventory 15 Table of Contents management, product development tasks, clinical data, customer service and technical support functions. Our information technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, power losses, computer system or data network failures or outages, security breaches, and data corruption. In addition, our information technology infrastructure and products are vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks. Cybersecurity attacks can include, but are not limited to, computer viruses, denial-of-service attacks, phishing attacks, ransomware attacks, and other introduction of malware to computers and networks; social engineering or other unauthorized access through the use of compromised credentials; exploitation of design flaws, bugs, or security vulnerabilities; intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges; and intentional acts of vandalism by third parties and sabotage. Further, cybersecurity threats and the techniques used in cybersecurity attacks change, develop, and evolve rapidly, including from emerging technologies, such as advanced forms of AI and quantum computing. In addition, we rely upon technology suppliers, including cloud‑based data management applications hosted by third‑party service providers, whose cybersecurity and information technology systems are subject to similar risks. While we are not aware of any cybersecurity attacks that have materially affected our business, financial condition, or operations, the preventative measures we have implemented to date may not be sufficient to prevent, mitigate, or offset a future incident that may materially and adversely impact us. Significant disruption in either our or our service providers’ or suppliers’ information technology or the security of our products could impede our operations or result in decreased sales, result in liability claims or regulatory penalties, impact patient safety or lead to increased overhead costs, product shortages, loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, intellectual property, or sensitive or personal information, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to recruit and retain qualified talent or are otherwise unsuccessful in the execution of our management succession plans. Our continued success depends, in large part, on our ability to hire and retain qualified people and execute on our talent management and succession plans, and if we are unable to do so, our business and operations may be impaired or disrupted. See “ Human Capital Management Strategy” under “ Business” in Part I, Item 1 included herein. Competition for highly qualified people is intense, and there is no assurance that we will be successful in attracting or retaining replacements to fill vacant positions, successors to fill retirements or employees moving to new positions, or other highly qualified personnel. Failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses, technologies or strategic alliances, or challenges related to the execution of acquisitions or divestitures, as well as liabilities or claims relating to such acquired businesses or divestitures, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. As part of our strategy, we actively manage a portfolio of businesses, technologies, services, and products as well as enter into potential strategic alliances. If we are unable to acquire businesses or technologies or other transactions on a timely basis or at all, we will not be able to execute our strategy and our business and results of operations may be adversely impacted. The integration of acquired businesses and technologies may be costly and may divert significant amounts of resources, including management and employee time and attention, away from the development and commercialization of our other products. Our failure to successfully manage the integration and growth of acquired businesses and technologies and our existing structural heart therapies could have an adverse impact on our business. We may not receive the anticipated benefits of acquisitions despite such expenses and diversion of resources, and acquisitions may not prove to be profitable. Furthermore, we may face unforeseen challenges in executing our strategic plans to expand our products and therapies, which could cause our business and results of operations to suffer. Acquired businesses may have liabilities, or be subject to claims, litigation or investigations that we did not anticipate or which exceed our estimates at the time of the acquisition. From time to time, we identify operations and products that are underperforming or that do not fit with our longer-term business strategy, such as our recent divestiture of our Critical Care product group, or there may be unforeseen operating difficulties and significant expenditures during the integration of an acquired business, technology, service or product into our existing operations. We have written down the value of certain acquired assets in the past, and may be required to do so in the future. We have also previously decided to, and may in the future decide to, dispose of underperforming operations or products or voluntarily cease operations related to a 16 Table of Contents product. In addition, we have previously been required, and may in the future be required, to record charges or write-downs in connection with acquisitions and divestitures, including charges related to developed technology and/or in-process research and development assets. We have also been, and may in the future be, party to disputes arising from divestitures or ceased operations related to certain products, which have previously and may in the future result in litigation, liability or reputational harm. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to risks associated with the sale of our Critical Care product group. On September 3, 2024, we sold our Critical Care product group to Becton, Dickinson and Company. We are subject to risks involved with transferring the Critical Care product group and functioning under interim operating model arrangements, such as increased complexity of operations, including, but not limited to, those related to finance, quality, and information technology, diversion of management’s attention to our business, and additional related risks and costs which can have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Global Macroeconomic and Industry Risks We may be adversely impacted by global economic, political and social conditions. We conduct extensive global operations and have been impacted and may continue to be negatively impacted by general global economic, political and social conditions, although we cannot predict the extent to which such conditions may negatively impact our business. These include, but are not limited to, conditions impacting inflation, credit and capital markets, interest rates, tax law, including tax rate and policy changes, factors affecting global economic stability, tariffs and the political environment relating to health care. These and other conditions could also adversely affect our customers, payers, vendors and other stakeholders and may impact their ability or decision to purchase our products or make payments on a timely basis. Our international operations subject us to certain business risks. We are from time to time impacted by a variety of risks associated with doing business internationally that can harm our future results, including the following: • trade protection measures, quotas, embargoes, import or export requirements, and duties, tariffs, or surcharges (including existing or potential future tariffs imposed by the U.S. on goods from other countries and tariffs imposed by other countries on U.S. goods); • cultural or other local factors affecting financial terms with customers; • global regulations including those related to health care, labor and environmental, social and governance; military conflict, political unrest, or wars; • scrutiny from governmental bodies regarding the pricing of our products; and • currency exchange rate fluctuations; that is, decreases in the value of the United States dollar to the Euro or the Japanese yen, as well as other currencies in which we transact business, have the effect of increasing our reported sales even when the volume of sales outside of the United States has remained constant. Increases in the value of the United States dollar relative to the Euro or the Japanese yen, as well as other currencies, have the opposite effect. Significant increases or decreases in the value of the United States dollar could have a material adverse effect on our sales, cost of sales, or results of operations. Additionally, the U.S. Department of Commerce recently initiated an investigation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, into (among other things) imports of personal protective equipment, medical consumables and medical equipment (including devices), to determine whether they threaten U.S. national security, which further creates policy uncertainty in terms of tariffs. The current tariff environment is dynamic, as the U.S. government has imposed, modified and paused tariffs multiple times since the beginning of 2025. Changes to tariffs and other trade restrictions can be announced at any time with little or no notice. We cannot predict with certainty the future trade policy of the U.S. or other countr ies. We are monitoring recent judicial developments and executive branch responses related to U.S. tariffs; however, the impact, if any, cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. Tariffs may cause (i) increases in manufacturing costs, (ii) disruptions or delays to our supply chain, (iii) limitations on our ability to sell our products domestically or abroad, and (iv) reductions in sales volumes and gross 17 Table of Contents margins for our products, any of which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The ultimate impact of any existing or new tariffs or other changes in international trade policies on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows is subject to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the duration of such tariffs, changes in tariff rates, the amount, scope and nature of the tariffs, the results of the Section 232 investigation referenced above, any countermeasures that target countries may take or any mitigating actions that may become available. If government or other third-party payors decline to reimburse our customers for our products or impose other cost containment measures to reduce reimbursement levels, our ability to profitably sell our products will be harmed. We sell our products and technologies to hospitals and other health care providers, nearly all of which receive reimbursement for the health care services provided to patients from third-party payors, such as government programs (both domestic and outside of the United States), private insurance plans, and managed care programs. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products from private and governmental third-party payors is critical to our success. The availability of reimbursement affects which products customers purchase and could impact pricing. Reimbursement varies from country to country and can significantly impact acceptance of new products. Government and other third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for medical products and services. Reimbursement levels may be decreased in the future. Additionally, future legislation, regulation, or reimbursement policies of third-party payors may otherwise adversely affect the demand for and price levels of our products. The introduction of cost containment incentives, combined with closer scrutiny of health care expenditures by both private health insurers and employers, has resulted in increased discounts and contractual adjustments to hospital charges for services performed. Hospitals or physicians may respond to such cost-containment pressures by substituting lower cost products or other therapies, to the extent they are available. Third-party payors may deny reimbursement if they determine that a device used in a procedure was not used in accordance with coverage requirements as determined by such third-party payors or was used for an unapproved indication. Third-party payors may also deny reimbursement for experimental procedures and devices. We believe or have demonstrated through studies or analyses that many of our existing products are cost-effective, because they are intended to improve quality of life and can reduce overall health care costs in the short- and long-term. We cannot be certain that these third-party payors will recognize these cost savings and quality of life benefits instead of merely focusing on the lower initial costs associated with competing therapies, to the extent they exist. If our products do not meet coverage requirements by third-party payors, our customers may not be reimbursed for them, resulting in lower sales of our products. Continued consolidation in the health care industry could have an adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. The health care industry has been consolidating, and organizations such as GPOs, independent delivery networks, and large single accounts, such as the United States Veterans Administration, continue to consolidate purchasing decisions for many of our health care provider customers. As a result, transactions with customers are larger and more complex, and tend to involve more long-term contracts. The purchasing power of these larger customers has increased, and may continue to increase, causing downward pressure on product pricing. If we are not one of the providers selected by one of these organizations, we may be precluded from making sales to its members or participants. Even if we are one of the selected providers, we may be at a disadvantage relative to other selected providers that are able to offer volume discounts based on purchases of a broader range of medical equipment and supplies. Further, we may be required to commit to pricing that has a material adverse effect on our revenues, profit margins, business, financial condition, and results of operations. We expect that market demand, governmental regulations, third-party reimbursement policies, and societal pressures will continue to drive consolidation and increase pricing pressure. 18 Table of Contents Legal, Compliance, and Regulatory Risks Our inability to protect our intellectual property or failure to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of data or other sensitive company information, by cyber-attack or other event, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our success and competitive position are dependent in part upon our ability to protect our proprietary intellectual property through a combination of patents and trade secrets. We cannot guarantee that the protective steps we take are adequate to protect these rights: • Patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future may be challenged and held invalid. • As our patents expire, we may be unsuccessful in extending their protection through patent term extensions. • Confidentiality agreements with certain employees, consultants, and other third parties intended to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary information could be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies. • Others could independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary information, design around our technology, or develop competing technologies. • Our intellectual property, other proprietary technology, and other sensitive company information is dependent on sophisticated information technology systems and is potentially vulnerable to cyber-attacks, loss, theft, damage, destruction from system malfunction, computer viruses, loss of data privacy, or misappropriation or misuse of it by those with permitted access, and other events. • We may not detect infringement. • Intellectual property protection may also be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries. We spend significant resources to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, sometimes resulting in expensive and time-consuming litigation that is complex and may ultimately be unsuccessful. Our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products. During recent years, we and our competitors have been involved in substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights, which is typically costly and time-consuming. We may be forced to defend against claims and legal actions alleging infringement of the intellectual property rights of others, and, if our defense is unsuccessful, we could have significant liabilities to third parties or face injunctions that bar the sale of our products, or could require us to seek licenses from third parties. Such licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, may prevent us from manufacturing, selling, or using certain products, or may be non-exclusive, which could provide our competitors access to the same technologies. In addition, third parties could also obtain patents that may require us to either redesign products or negotiate licenses from such third parties, which may be costly, unavailable, or require us to exit a particular product offering. Health care legislation and other regulations may adversely impact access to and demand for our products . We are subject to various federal and foreign laws that govern our domestic and international business practices. For example, in the United States, continued implementation of the Affordable Care Act and the 21st Century Cures Act, or any future legislation, including deficit reduction legislation, could impact medical procedure volumes, reimbursement for our products, and demand for our products or the prices at which we sell our products. 19 Table of Contents In addition, a Mutual Recognition Agreement still under negotiation for the Medical Device Regulation may result in a lack of free movement of medical devices between the EU and Switzerland, may impact our access in the EU and may, ultimately, have a material effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For more information about these laws as they relate to our business, see the section entitled “ Government Regulation and Other Matter s” in Part I, Item 1, “ Business .” We and our customers are subject to healthcare legislation and other rigorous governmental regulations and we may incur significant expenses to comply with these regulations. In addition, failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to substantial sanctions and may impact our ability to sell our products in certain countries which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The medical technologies we create, study, manufacture, and market globally are subject to rigorous regulation and scrutiny by the FDA and various other federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities, including the European Union's European Commission (the “Commission”), which promulgated the European Medical Device Regulation (“EU MDR”). Government regulation applies to nearly all aspects of our products’ lifecycles, including testing, clinical study, manufacturing, transporting, sourcing, safety, labeling, storing, packaging, recordkeeping, reporting, advertising, promoting, distributing, marketing, and importing or exporting of medical devices and products. In general, unless an exemption applies, a medical device or product must receive regulatory approval or clearance before it can be marketed or sold. Modifications to existing products or the marketing of new uses for existing products also may require regulatory approvals, approval supplements, or clearances. If we are unable to obtain these required approvals, we may be required to cease manufacturing and sale, or recall or restrict the use of such modified device, pay fines, or take other action until such time as appropriate clearance or approval is obtained. More specifically relating to the EU MDR which came into effect in May 2017 and became applicable in May 2021 with a staggered transition period, all regulated products must be assessed by notified bodies (organizations designated by EU member states) as to whether they meet the technical requirements of the EU MDR before entering the market in Europe. During the transition period, with the influx of submissions to the notified bodies, any delay on obtaining approvals may result in a disruption of device supply or a further delay in getting a device to market. In addition, in the EU, we import some of our devices through our offices in Switzerland. Switzerland is not a member state of the EU, but is linked to the EU through bilateral treaties; therefore, the free movement of goods, including medical devices, between the EU and Switzerland after implementation of the EU MDR required a revised MRA. If an MRA covering the EU MDR is not put in place, then non-EU manufacturers may be required to make significant changes, including replacement of Swiss economic operators with operators based in EU member states, and changes will need to be made to our device labeling and/or packaging to satisfy EU MDR requirements. If these measures are unable to be taken, it may no longer be possible to place such devices on the EU market. Regulatory agencies may refuse to grant approval or clearance, or review and disagree with our interpretation of approvals or clearances, or with our decision that regulatory approval is not required or has been maintained. Regulatory submissions may require the provision of additional data and may be time consuming and costly, and their outcome is uncertain. Regulatory agencies may also change policies, adopt additional regulations, or revise existing regulations, each of which could prevent or delay approval or clearance of devices, or could impact our ability to market a previously cleared, approved, or unregulated device. Additionally, the United States federal government has shut down several times in recent years, most recently on October 1, 2025, during which many government agencies, including the FDA, furloughed critical employees and stopped critical activities. A prolonged government shutdown could significantly affect the FDA’s timely review of any regulatory filings or applications we submit, which could result in delays or failures to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals, clearances or to comply with regulatory requirements. Our failure to comply with these regulatory requirements of the FDA, the Commission, or other applicable regulatory requirements in the United States or elsewhere might subject us to administratively or judicially imposed sanctions. These sanctions may include, among others, warning letters, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties, injunctions, debarment, product seizure or detention, product recalls and total or partial suspension of production, sale and/or promotion. Any of the foregoing actions could result in decreased sales including as a result of negative publicity and product liability claims, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. In addition to the sanctions for noncompliance described above, commencement of an enforcement proceeding, inspection, or investigation could divert substantial management attention from the operation of our business and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 20 Table of Contents We are also subject to various United States and foreign laws pertaining to health care pricing, anti-competition, anti-corruption, and fraud and abuse, including prohibitions on kickbacks and the submission of false claims laws and restrictions on relationships with physicians and other referral sources. Further, we and our suppliers are subject to various United States and foreign regulations regarding environmental, social and governance matters. These laws are global and broad in scope, are rapidly increasing and are constantly evolving, which could require us to incur substantial costs and utilize internal resources to monitor the regulations and to comply. Any alleged or actual violations of these laws may subject us to government investigations and significant criminal or civil sanctions and may impact our ability to sell products in certain jurisdictions in addition to other liabilities, including substantial fines, imprisonment, and exclusion from participation in governmental health care programs. We face a number of risks related to our income taxes in the United States as well as other jurisdictions. Provision for Income Taxes. Our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate could fluctuate due to changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates. Our income tax provision could also be impacted by changes in excess tax benefits of stock-based compensation, federal and state tax credits, non-deductible expenses, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and our ability to utilize them, the applicability and creditability of withholding taxes, and effects from acquisitions. Tax Reform . Our provision for income taxes could be materially impacted by changes in accounting principles or evolving tax laws, including, but not limited to, global corporate tax reform and base-erosion and tax transparency efforts. For example, many countries are aligning their international tax rules with the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Pillar Two recommendations and action plans that aim to standardize and modernize international corporate tax policy, including changes to cross-border taxes, transfer pricing documentation rules, nexus-based tax practices, and taxation of digital activities. The effective dates of implementation, the interactions of tax reforms in multiple jurisdictions, uncertainty related to dispute resolution mechanisms, and any ultimate agreement regarding treatment of the U.S. tax regime as a qualified side-by-side Pillar Two system, could impact our provision for income taxes. Tax Audits . We are subject to ongoing tax audits in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax authorities have disagreed and may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes that could be material. Please see Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this report for information regarding our current audits and disputes with tax authorities. Although we regularly assess the likely outcomes of such audits and record reserves for potential tax payments, the calculation of tax liabilities involves the application of complex tax laws, and our estimates could be different than the amounts for which we are ultimately liable. In addition, we have challenged in the past and may decide in the future to challenge any assessments, if made, and may exercise our right to appeal, which could result in expensive and time-consuming litigation that may ultimately be unsuccessful. Tax Incentives . We benefit from various global tax incentives extended to encourage investment or employment. Several foreign jurisdictions have granted us tax incentives which require renewal at various times in the future. If our incentives are not renewed or we cannot or do not wish to satisfy all or part of the tax incentive conditions, we may lose the tax incentives and could be required to refund tax incentives previously realized. As a result, our provision for income taxes could be higher than it would have been had we maintained the benefits of the tax incentives. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are required to comply with increasingly complex and changing legal and regulatory requirements that govern the collection, use, storage, security, transfer, disclosure, and other processing of personal data in the United States and in other countries, which may include, but are not limited to, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPPA”), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical H
[...TRUNCATED...]