TICKER=EXE|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/EXE_2026-02-18.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors There are numerous factors that affect our business and results of operations, many of which are beyond our control. The following is a description of factors that we consider to be material and that might cause our future results to differ materially from those currently expected. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business operations. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows, reserves and/or our ability to pay our debts and other liabilities could suffer, the trading price and liquidity of our securities could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment in our securities. Risks Related to Operating our Business Natural gas, oil and NGL prices fluctuate widely, and lower prices for an extended period of time are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business. Our revenues, results of operations, profitability, liquidity, leverage ratio and ability to grow and invest in capital expenditures depend primarily upon the prices we receive for the natural gas, oil and NGL we sell. We incur substantial expenditures to replace reserves, sustain production and fund our business plans. Low natural gas, oil and NGL prices can negatively affect the amount of cash available for capital expenditures, debt service and debt repayment and our ability to borrow money or raise additional capital and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and reserves. In addition, periods of low natural gas and oil prices may result in a reduction of the carrying value of our natural gas and oil properties due to recognizing impairments in proved and unproved properties. Volatility in natural gas, oil and NGL prices may result from factors that are beyond our control, including: • domestic and worldwide supplies of natural gas, oil and NGL, including U.S. inventories of natural gas and oil reserves; • weather conditions; • changes in the level of consumer and industrial demand, including impacts from global or national health events and concerns; • the price and availability of alternative fuels; • technological advances affecting energy consumption; • the nature and extent of domestic and international conservation and sustainability initiatives; • the availability, proximity and capacity of pipelines, other transportation facilities and processing facilities; • the level and effect of trading in commodity futures markets, including by commodity price speculators and others; • U.S. exports of natural gas, oil, liquefied natural gas and NGL; • the price and level of foreign imports; • changes in U.S. trade relations and policies; • the nature and extent of domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; • the ability of the members of OPEC+ and others to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls; • increased use of competing energy products, including alternative energy sources; • political instability or armed conflict in natural gas and oil producing regions, including in connection with the continued armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine, instability in the Middle East and Venezuela, and changes in China-Taiwan relations; • acts of terrorism; and • domestic and global economic and political conditions. 28 TABLE OF CONTENTS These factors and the volatility of the energy markets make it extremely difficult to predict future natural gas, oil and NGL price movements. In addition, any prolonged period of lower prices could reduce the quantities of reserves that we may economically produce. Conservation measures and technological advances could reduce demand for natural gas and oil. Fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, increasing consumer demand for alternatives to natural gas and oil, technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices could reduce demand for natural gas and oil. The impact of the changing demand for natural gas and oil could adversely impact our earnings, cash flows and financial position. Negative public perception regarding us or our industry could have an adverse effect on our operations. Negative public perception regarding us or our industry resulting from, among other things, concerns raised by advocacy groups about hydraulic fracturing, waste disposal, oil spills, seismic activity, climate change, explosions of natural gas transmission lines and the development and operation of pipelines and other midstream facilities may lead to new state and federal safety and environmental laws, regulations, guidelines and enforcement priorities. Additionally, environmental groups, landowners, local groups and other advocates may oppose our operations or those of our midstream transportation providers, encourage capital providers to divest of their interests in us or our industry, intervene in regulatory or administrative proceedings involving our assets or those of our midstream transportation providers, or file lawsuits or other actions designed to prevent, disrupt or delay the development or operation of our assets and business or those of our midstream transportation providers. These actions may cause operational delays or restrictions, increased operating and compliance costs, additional regulatory scrutiny and increased risk of litigation, as well as potentially reducing our ability to execute routine or strategic business partnerships. Moreover, governmental authorities exercise considerable discretion in the timing and scope of permit issuance and the public can engage in the permitting process, including through intervention in the courts. Changes in public perception could cause the permits we require to conduct our operations to be withheld, delayed or conditioned by requirements that restrict our ability to conduct our business, which could materially adversely affect our industry and our financial condition and results of operations. Certain financial institutions, funds and other sources of capital have also elected to restrict or eliminate their investment in certain fossil fuel-related activities, which may restrict our access to capital. Even if capital providers have not generally restricted their investment in fossil fuel-related activities, they may still assess various sustainability considerations in making voting and capital allocation decisions. Responding to these and other stakeholder concerns on sustainability matters may require us to incur additional costs or otherwise impact our business. In addition, the enactment of climate change-related policies and initiatives across the market at the corporate level and/or investor community level may in the future result in reduced demand for our products or stimulate demand for alternative forms of energy that do not rely on combustion of fossil fuels. For more information, see our risk factor “Increasing attention to sustainability matters and our ability to achieve and maintain sustainability certifications, goals and commitments may impact our business, financial results or stock price.” The gas and oil exploration and production industry is very competitive; some of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do, and there is competition to attract and retain talent and competition over access to certain industry equipment. We face competition in every aspect of our business, including, but not limited to, buying and selling reserves and leases, obtaining goods and services needed to operate our business and marketing natural gas, oil or NGL. Competitors include multinational oil companies, independent production companies and individual producers and operators. Some of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. As a result, these competitors may be able to address industry challenges more effectively or weather industry downturns more easily than we can. We also face indirect competition from alternative energy sources, including wind, solar and electric power. Our performance depends largely on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals and on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. Competition in our industry for qualified employees is intense. If we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining skilled employees and managerial talent, our ability to compete effectively may be diminished. In addition, the sudden loss of any of our key executives, their services or our failure to appropriately plan for any expected key executive succession could materially and 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS adversely affect our business and prospects, as we may not be able to find suitable individuals to replace them on a timely basis, if at all. We also compete for the equipment required to explore, develop and operate properties. Typically, during times of rising commodity prices, drilling and operating costs will also increase. During these periods, there is often a shortage of drilling rigs and other oilfield equipment and services, which could adversely affect our ability to execute our development plans on a timely basis and within budget. Risks related to potential acquisitions or dispositions may adversely affect our business. From time to time, we evaluate acquisitions and dispositions of assets, businesses and other investments. These transactions may not result in the anticipated benefits or efficiencies. In addition, acquisitions may be financed by borrowings, requiring us to incur more debt, or by the issuance of our common stock. Any such acquisition or disposition involves risks and we cannot assure you that: • any acquisition will be successfully integrated into our operations and internal controls; • the due diligence conducted prior to an acquisition will uncover situations that could result in financial or legal exposure, such as title defects and potential environmental and other liabilities; • post-closing purchase price adjustments will be realized in our favor; • our assumptions about, among other things, reserves, estimated production, revenues, capital expenditures, operating expenses and costs will be accurate; • there will not be delays in closing, lower than expected sales proceeds for the disposed assets or business, residual liabilities or post-closing claims for indemnification; • any investment, acquisition or disposition will not divert management resources from the operation of our business; and • any investment, acquisition or disposition will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or reserves. If any of these risks materialize, the benefits of such acquisition or disposition may not be fully realized, if at all, and our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and reserves could be negatively impacted. If commodity prices fall or drilling efforts are unsuccessful, we may be required to record write-downs of the carrying value of our natural gas and oil properties. We have been required to write down the carrying value of certain of our natural gas and oil properties in the past, and there is a risk that we will be required to take additional write-downs in the future. Write-downs may occur in the future when natural gas and oil prices are low for sustained periods, or if we have downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves, increases in our estimates of operating or development costs or due to the anticipated sale of properties. The successful efforts method of accounting requires that we periodically review the carrying value of our natural gas and oil properties for possible impairment. Impairment is recognized for the excess of book value over fair value when the book value of a proven property is greater than the expected undiscounted future net cash flows from that property and on acreage when conditions indicate the carrying value is not recoverable. We may be required to write-down the carrying value of a property based on natural gas and oil prices at the time of the impairment review, or as a result of continuing evaluation of drilling results, production data, economics, divestiture activity and other factors. A write-down constitutes a non-cash charge to earnings and does not impact cash or cash flows from operating activities; however, it reflects our long-term ability to recover an investment, reduces our reported earnings and increases certain leverage ratios. See Impairments within Critical Accounting Estimates included in Item 7 of this report for further information. Significant capital expenditures are required to replace our reserves and conduct our business. Our exploration, development and acquisition activities require substantial capital expenditures. We intend to fund our capital expenditures through cash flows from operations, and to the extent that is not sufficient, borrowings under our revolving credit facility. Our ability to generate operating cash flow is subject to a number of risks and variables, such as the level of production from existing wells, prices of natural gas, oil and NGLs, our success in developing and producing new reserves and the other risk factors discussed herein. Our forecasted 2026 capital expenditures, inclusive of capitalized interest, are $2.75 - $2.95 billion compared to our 2025 capital spending level 30 TABLE OF CONTENTS of $2.85 billion. Management continues to review operational plans for 2026 and beyond, which could result in changes to projected capital expenditures and projected revenues from sales of natural gas, oil and NGLs. If we are unable to fund our capital expenditures as planned, we could experience a curtailment of our exploration and development activity, a loss of properties and a decline in our natural gas, oil and NGL reserves. If we are not able to replace reserves, we may not be able to sustain production. Our future success depends largely upon our ability to find, develop or acquire additional natural gas and oil reserves that are economically recoverable. Unless we replace the reserves we produce through successful development, exploration or acquisition activities, our proved reserves and production will decline over time. Thus, our future natural gas and oil reserves and production, and therefore our cash flows and income, are highly dependent on our success in efficiently developing our current reserves and economically finding or acquiring additional recoverable reserves. The actual quantities of and future net revenues from our proved reserves may be less than our estimates. The estimates of our proved reserves and the estimated future net revenues from our proved reserves included in this report are based upon various assumptions, including assumptions required by the SEC relating to natural gas, oil and NGL prices, drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures, taxes and availability of funds. The process of estimating natural gas, oil and NGL reserves is complex and involves significant decisions and assumptions associated with geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data for each well. Therefore, these estimates are subject to future revisions. Actual future production, natural gas, oil and NGL prices, revenues, taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses and quantities of recoverable natural gas, oil and NGL reserves most likely will vary from these estimates. Such variations may be significant and could materially affect the estimated quantities and present value of our proved reserves. In addition, we may adjust estimates of proved reserves to reflect production history, results of exploration and development drilling, prevailing natural gas and oil prices and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 28% of our estimated proved reserves (by volume) were undeveloped. These reserve estimates reflect our plans for capital expenditures to convert PUDs into proved developed reserves, including approximately $4.2 billion during the next five years. You should be aware that the estimated development costs may not equal our actual costs, development may not occur as scheduled and results may not be as estimated. If we choose not to develop our PUDs, or if we are not otherwise able to successfully develop them, we will be required to remove them from our reported proved reserves. In addition, under the SEC’s reserve reporting rules, because PUDs generally may be booked only if they relate to wells scheduled to be drilled within five years of the date of booking, we may be required to remove any PUDs that are not developed within this five-year time frame. You should not assume that the present values included in this report represent the current market value of our estimated reserves. In accordance with SEC requirements, the estimates of our present values are based on prices and costs as of the date of the estimates. The price on the date of estimate is calculated as the average natural gas and oil price during the 12 months ending in the current reporting period, determined as the unweighted arithmetic average of prices on the first day of each month within the 12-month period. The December 31, 2025 present value is based on the price of $3.39 per Mcf of natural gas, $65.34 per bbl of oil and $65.34 per bbl of NGL, before basis differential adjustments. Actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower than the prices and costs as of the date of an estimate. The timing of both the production and the expenses from the development and production of natural gas and oil properties will affect both the timing of future net cash flows from our proved reserves and their present value. Any changes in demand for natural gas and oil, governmental regulations or taxation will also affect the future net cash flows from our production. In addition, the 10% discount factor that is required by the SEC to be used in calculating discounted future net cash flows for reporting purposes is not necessarily the most appropriate discount factor. Interest rates in effect from time to time and the risks associated with our business or the gas and oil industry in general will affect the appropriateness of the 10% discount factor. 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our development and exploratory drilling efforts and our well operations may not be profitable or achieve our targeted returns. We have a substantial inventory of undeveloped properties. Development and exploratory drilling and production activities are subject to many risks, including the risk that commercially productive reservoirs will not be discovered. We have acquired undeveloped properties that we believe will enhance our growth potential and increase our earnings over time. However, we cannot assure you that all prospects will be economically viable or that we will not abandon our initial investments. Additionally, there can be no assurance that undeveloped properties acquired by us will be profitably developed, that new wells drilled by us in prospects that we pursue will be productive, or that we will recover all or any portion of our investment in such undeveloped properties or wells. Drilling for natural gas and oil may involve unprofitable efforts, not only from dry wells but also from wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient commercial quantities to cover the drilling, operating and other costs. The cost of drilling, completing and operating a well is often uncertain, and many factors can adversely affect the economics of a well or property. Drilling and completion operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of unexpected drilling conditions, title problems, equipment failures or accidents, shortages of midstream transportation, equipment or personnel, environmental issues, state or local bans or moratoriums on hydraulic fracturing and produced water disposal, federal restrictions on gas and oil leasing and permitting and a decline in commodity prices, among others. The profitability of wells, particularly in certain of the areas in which we operate, will be reduced or eliminated if commodity prices decline. In addition, wells that are profitable may not meet our internal return targets, which are dependent upon the current and future market prices for natural gas, oil and NGLs, costs associated with producing natural gas, oil and NGLs and our ability to add reserves at an acceptable cost. We rely to a significant extent on seismic data and other technologies in evaluating undeveloped properties and in conducting our exploration activities. The seismic data and other technologies we use do not allow us to know conclusively, prior to acquisition of undeveloped properties or drilling a well, whether natural gas or oil is present or may be produced economically. If we incur significant expense in acquiring or developing properties that do not produce as expected or at profitable levels, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Certain of our undeveloped properties are subject to leases that will expire over the next several years unless production is established on units containing the acreage or the leases are renewed. Leases on natural gas and oil properties typically have a term of three to five years, after which they expire unless, prior to expiration, a well is drilled and production of hydrocarbons in paying quantities is established. If our leases on our undeveloped properties expire and we are unable to renew the leases, we will lose our right to develop the related properties. Although we seek to actively manage our undeveloped properties, our drilling plans for these areas are subject to change based upon various factors, including drilling results, natural gas and oil prices, the availability and cost of capital, drilling and production costs, availability of drilling services and equipment, gathering system and pipeline transportation constraints and regulatory approvals. Low commodity prices may cause us to delay our drilling plans and, as a result, lose our right to develop the related properties. Our commodity price risk management activities may limit the benefit we would receive from increases in commodity prices, may require us to provide collateral for derivative liabilities and involve risk that our counterparties may be unable to satisfy their obligations to us. To manage our exposure to price volatility, we enter into natural gas, oil and NGL price derivative contracts. Our natural gas, oil and NGL derivative arrangements may limit the benefit we would receive from increases in commodity prices. The fair value of our natural gas, oil and NGL derivative instruments can fluctuate significantly between periods. Our decision to mitigate cash flow volatility through derivative arrangements, if any, is based in part on our view of current and future market conditions and our desire to stabilize cash flows necessary for the development of our proved reserves. We may choose not to enter into derivatives if we believe the pricing environment for certain time periods is unfavorable. Additionally, we may choose to liquidate existing derivative positions prior to the expiration of their contractual maturities to monetize gain positions for the purpose of funding our capital program. 32 TABLE OF CONTENTS Most of our natural gas, oil and NGL derivative contracts are with counterparties under bilateral hedging arrangements. Our counterparties’ obligations under the arrangements must be secured by cash or letters of credit to the extent that any mark-to-market amounts owed to us exceed defined thresholds. Collateral requirements are dependent to a large extent on natural gas and oil prices. Natural gas, oil and NGL derivative transactions expose us to the risk that our counterparties, which are generally financial institutions, may be unable to satisfy their obligations to us. During periods of declining commodity prices, the value of our commodity derivative asset positions increase, which increases our counterparty exposure. Although the counterparties to our hedging arrangements are required to secure their obligations to us under certain scenarios, if any of our counterparties were to default on their obligations to us under the derivative contracts or seek bankruptcy protection, it could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our planned activities and could result in a larger percentage of our future cash flows being exposed to commodity price changes. Natural gas and oil operations are uncertain and involve substantial costs and risks. Our operating activities are subject to numerous costs and risks, including the risk that we will not encounter commercially productive gas or oil reservoirs. Drilling for natural gas, oil and NGL can be unprofitable, not only from dry holes, but from productive wells that do not return a profit because of insufficient revenue from production or high costs. Substantial costs are required to locate, acquire and develop gas and oil properties, and we are often uncertain as to the amount and timing of those costs. Our cost of drilling, completing, equipping and operating wells is often uncertain before drilling commences. Declines in commodity prices and overruns in budgeted expenditures are common risks that can make a particular project uneconomic or less economic than forecasted. Although both exploratory and developmental drilling activities involve these risks, exploratory drilling involves greater risks of dry holes or failure to find commercial quantities of hydrocarbons. In addition, our gas and oil properties can become damaged, our operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled and the costs of such operations may increase as a result of a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: • unexpected drilling conditions, pressure conditions or irregularities in reservoir formations; • equipment failures or accidents; • repairs or maintenance of older assets; • fires, explosions, blowouts, cratering or loss of well control; • the mishandling or underground migration of fluids and chemicals; • adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, such as tornadoes, earthquakes, hurricanes and extreme temperatures; • issues with title or in receiving governmental permits or approvals; • restricted takeaway capacity for our production, including due to inadequate midstream infrastructure or constrained downstream markets; • environmental hazards or liabilities; • restrictions in access to, or disposal of, water used or produced in drilling and completion operations; • shortages or delays in the availability of services or delivery of equipment; and • unexpected or unforeseen changes in regulatory policy, and political or public opinion. The occurrence of one or more of these factors could result in a partial or total loss of our investment in a particular property, as well as significant liabilities. Although we may maintain insurance against some, but not all, of the risks described above, our insurance may not be adequate to cover casualty losses or liabilities, and our insurance does not cover penalties or fines that may be assessed by a governmental authority. For certain risks, such as political risk, business interruption, war, terrorism and piracy, we have limited or no insurance coverage. Also, in the future we may not be able to obtain insurance at premium levels that justify its purchase. The occurrence of a significant event against which we are not fully insured may expose us to liabilities. Moreover, certain of these events could result in environmental contamination and impact to third parties, including persons living in proximity to our operations, our employees and employees of our contractors, leading to possible injuries, death, significant damage to property and natural resources or significant financial liabilities or penalties. 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our ability to produce natural gas, oil and NGL economically and in commercial quantities could be impaired if we are unable to acquire adequate supplies of water for our operations or are unable to dispose of or recycle the water we use economically and in compliance with environmental laws. Water is an essential component of natural gas, oil and NGL production during both the drilling and hydraulic fracturing processes. Development activities, particularly hydraulic fracturing, require the use and disposal of significant quantities of water. Over the past several years, portions of the country have experienced extreme drought conditions. As a result of this severe drought, some local water districts have begun restricting the use of water subject to their jurisdiction for hydraulic fracturing to protect local water supply. In certain areas, there may be insufficient local aquifer capacity to provide a source of water for drilling activities. In these areas, water must be obtained from other sources and transported to the drilling site. Our inability to secure sufficient amounts of water, or to dispose of or recycle the water used in our operations, could adversely impact our operations in certain areas. The imposition of new or revised environmental regulations could further restrict our ability to conduct certain operations such as hydraulic fracturing or disposal of waste, including, but not limited to, produced water, drilling fluids and other materials associated with the exploration, development or production of natural gas and oil. We have made significant investments in gathering and transportation assets and oilfield service businesses, including joint ventures in gas gathering pipelines, our drilling rigs, water infrastructure and pressure pumping equipment, and may rely on such investments in third parties to lower costs and secure inputs for our operations and transportation for our production. If our development and production activities are curtailed or disrupted, we may not recover our investment in these activities, which could adversely impact our results of operations. In addition, our continued expansion of these operations may adversely impact our relationships with third-party providers. We depend on third-party pipelines and other investments to provide us certain gathering and transportation assets. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we entered into an agreement with Momentum Sustainable Ventures LLC to build a new natural gas gathering pipeline and carbon capture project, the New Generation Gas Gathering pipeline (the “NG3 pipeline”), to gather and treat natural gas produced in the Haynesville Shale for delivery to Gulf Coast markets, including LNG export. We have a 35% interest in the joint venture entity. On October 1, 2025, the NG3 pipeline was placed in service and began gathering operations. We rely on the NG3 pipeline to provide to us certain gathering, processing and transportation services. We have a gathering agreement in which approximately 900 MMcf per day, on average, of natural gas are to be gathered and processed by the NG3 pipeline over the course of the next 12 years. In the event that the services of the NG3 pipeline are impacted due to repairs, damage to the facility, lack of capacity or any other reason, our ability to lower costs and secure inputs for our operations and transportation for our production may be impacted. We also have made investments to meet certain of our field services’ needs. If our level of operations is reduced for a long period, we may not be able to recover these investments. Further, our presence in these service and supply sectors, including competing with them for qualified personnel and supplies, may have an adverse effect on our relationships with our existing third-party service and resource providers or our ability to secure these services and resources from other providers. Our operations may be adversely affected by pipeline, trucking and gathering system capacity constraints and may be subject to interruptions that could adversely affect our cash flow. In certain resource plays, the capacity of gathering and transportation systems is insufficient to accommodate potential production from existing and new wells. We rely heavily on third parties to meet our natural gas, oil and NGL gathering needs. Because we do not own and/or control these third-party pipelines or facilities, such as the NG3 pipeline, their continuing operation and access requirements are not within our control. If these or any other pipeline connections or facilities were to become unavailable for current or future volumes of natural gas, oil and NGL due to repairs, damage to the facility, lack of capacity or any other reason, our ability to operate efficiently and ship natural gas, oil and NGL to end markets could be restricted. Any temporary or permanent interruption at any key pipeline interconnect or facility could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Capital constraints or changes in laws or regulations could limit the construction of new pipelines and gathering systems and the provision or expansion of trucking services by third parties. The approval process for certain projects has become increasingly slower and more difficult, due in part to federal, state and local concerns related to exploration and production, transmission and gathering activities and associated 34 TABLE OF CONTENTS environmental impacts, and the increasingly negative public perception regarding, and opposition to, the oil and gas industry, including major pipeline projects. Until this new capacity is available, we may experience delays in producing and selling our natural gas, oil and NGL. In such event, we might have to shut in our wells while awaiting a pipeline connection or additional capacity, which would adversely affect our results of operations. Capital constraints or changes in laws or regulations also could increase the cost to access to such capacity, which would increase the cost of our operations. A portion of our natural gas, oil and NGL production in any region may be interrupted, or shut in, from time to time for numerous reasons, including weather conditions, accidents, loss of pipeline or gathering system access, field labor issues or strikes, or we might voluntarily curtail production in response to market conditions. If a substantial amount of our production is interrupted at the same time, it could materially adversely affect our cash flow. We entered into a joint venture, and may in the future enter into additional or modify existing joint ventures, that might restrict our operational and corporate flexibility. In addition, we exercise no control over joint venture partners and it may be difficult or impossible for us to cause these joint ventures or partners to take actions that we believe would be in our or the joint venture's best interests and these joint ventures are subject to many of the same risks to which we are subject. We entered into a joint venture primarily pertaining to the building of a new natural gas gathering pipeline and carbon capture project, the NG3 pipeline, and may in the future enter into additional joint venture arrangements with third parties. Joint venture arrangements may restrict our operational and corporate flexibility. Because we do not control all of the decisions of our joint ventures or joint venture partners, either because we do not have a controlling interest in the venture or are not an operator under the agreement, it may be difficult or impossible for us to cause these joint ventures or partners to take actions that we believe would be in our or the joint venture's best interests. Moreover, joint venture arrangements involve various risks and uncertainties, such as committing that we fund operating and/or capital expenditures, the timing and amount of which we may not control, and our joint venture partners may not act in a manner that we believe would be in our or the joint venture's best interests, may elect not to support further pursuit of projects, and/or may not satisfy their financial obligations to the joint venture. The loss of joint venture partner support in further pursuing or funding a project may significantly adversely affect the ability to complete the project. In addition, such joint ventures may be subject to many of the same risks to which we are subject. Our business strategy includes participating in the global LNG value chain, which is dependent, in part, on the growing U.S. LNG export market, a highly regulated and capital intensive industry with a number of inherent commercial risks. U.S. LNG exports have helped drive domestic demand for natural gas, and, as a natural gas producer, we could be materially and adversely impacted by a deterioration in the U.S. LNG export industry, which could in turn reduce demand for natural gas. In addition, we may seek to more directly participate in the LNG value chain through direct marketing arrangements with LNG export facilities and/or end users, which could expose us to additional commercial risks associated with the global LNG markets. As a domestic natural gas exploration and production company, we may be indirectly exposed to certain risks in the U.S. LNG export markets, including to the extent that we have entered into, or may in the future enter into, long-term natural gas supply agreements with LNG export facilities. The LNG export industry is a highly regulated and capital-intensive industry that is subject to a number of risks. Many facilities remain under construction or are expanding, and if these facilities are unable to obtain and maintain approvals and permits from governmental and regulatory agencies with respect to the design, construction and operation of their facilities, or if they are unable to secure financing in connection with their operations or the completion of their planned projects, the U.S. LNG market may be materially and adversely impacted, which could reduce demand for U.S. natural gas and have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. We may also in the future enter into other commercial arrangements directly with foreign LNG customers. LNG sale and purchase agreements commonly have terms exceeding 10 years, which could expose us to credit risk should a customer default and we are required to seek recourse. Additionally, long-term LNG sales and purchase agreements generally permit a customer to terminate their contractual obligations upon the occurrence of certain events, including: (i) a failure to make available specified scheduled cargo quantities, (ii) delays in the 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS commencement of commercial operations and (iii) the occurrence of certain events of force majeure. The occurrence of these and other events permitting termination may be outside of our control and may expose us to unrecoverable losses. Further, any future commercial agreement may expose us to commodity risks associated with differential pricing of natural gas in different markets. LNG and natural gas are traded according to prices determined with reference to a variety of international indices, including the Japan Korea Marker (JKM) and the Dutch TTF market, each of which may materially differ from prices that use the U.S. Henry Hub index as a reference price. If we are unable to manage the impacts of unfavorable price differentials between domestic and international indices for LNG or natural gas in the context of future agreements, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. The departure of key management personnel and the failure to attract and retain talent could adversely affect our operations. Our success depends upon the continued contributions of our senior executives. If one or more of our executive officers are unable or unwilling to continue in their current positions, we may not be able to replace them readily, if at all. Additionally, we may incur additional expenses to recruit and retain new executive officers. Because of these factors, the loss of any one or more members of our executive management team, for any reason, including resignation or retirement, could impair our ability to execute our business strategy and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Although we have endeavored to implement these management transitions in a non-disruptive manner, such transitions can be inherently difficult to manage and may hamper our ability to meet our financial and operational goals. Such changes may also give rise to uncertainty among our customers, investors, vendors, employees and others concerning our future direction and performance. Any of the foregoing could result in significant disruptions to our operations and may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and ability to execute on our business plans. Cyber-attacks targeting systems and infrastructure used by the gas and oil industry and related regulations may adversely impact our operations and, if we or our third-party providers are unable to obtain and maintain adequate protection for our key systems and data, our business may be harmed. Cybersecurity threats present a large and growing risk to our business, as the energy industry has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies to conduct day-to-day operations, including certain exploration, development and production activities. For example, we depend on sophisticated information technology (“IT”) and operational technology (“OT”) to estimate quantities of natural gas, oil and NGL reserves, process and record financial and operating data, analyze seismic and drilling information, and communicate with our customers, employees and third-party partners. In addition, many third-party providers directly or indirectly provide us products and services across an array of internal and external functions that are designed to enable us to conduct, monitor and/or protect our business, systems and data assets. In addition, in the ordinary course of business, we and our service providers collect, process, transmit, and store proprietary and confidential data, including personal information. We have been, and we and our customers, business partners, and counterparties may become, the subject of cyber-attacks on our and their internal IT and OT systems and through those of third parties. Any such cyber-attacks or information security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results and increase our operating and capital costs, as well as disrupt our business plans and negatively impact our reputation and operations. As an energy company, we expect to continue to be a target for such attacks in the future from nation-state sponsored foreign actors and other attackers. We face evolving cybersecurity risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our digital technologies and business data, including malicious attacks by third parties or insiders, social engineering/phishing and human error, as well as bugs, misconfigurations of hardware or software and other vulnerabilities that may exist in our or our third-party providers’ systems or technologies. Unauthorized access to our seismic data, reserves information, customer or employee data or other proprietary or commercially sensitive information could lead to data corruption, communication interruption, or other disruptions in our exploration or production operations or planned business transactions, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. If our information technology systems do not function properly or our cybersecurity is breached or otherwise insufficient, we could suffer disruptions to our normal operations, 36 TABLE OF CONTENTS which may include disruptions to our drilling, completion, production and corporate functions. There can also be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, including our policies, controls or procedures, will be fully implemented, complied with or effective in protecting our systems and data. A cyber-attack, or the perception thereof, involving our information systems and related infrastructure, or that of our business associates or third-party providers, could result in supply chain disruptions that delay or prevent the transportation and marketing of our production, non-compliance leading to regulatory fines or penalties, loss or disclosure of, damage to
[...TRUNCATED...]