TICKER=EXPD|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/EXPD_2026-02-25.htm.gz
Item 1A Risk Factors 18 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 25 Item 1C Cybersecurity 25 Item 2 Properties 26 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 26 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 26 PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 27 Item 6 [Reserved] 29 Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 30 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 41 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 43 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 44 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 44 Item 9B Other Information 46 Item 9C Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 46 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 46 Item 11 Executive Compensation 46 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 46 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 47 Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 47 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 48 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 51 Signatures 51 2 . Forward-Lookin g Statements In accordance with the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Company is making readers aware that forward-looking statements, because they relate to future events, are by their very nature subject to many important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains information that may constitute “forward-looking statements.” For additional information about forward-looking statements and for an identification of risk factors and their potential significance, see “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” immediately preceding Part II, Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” as well as Item 1A - "Risk Factors" in this report and those risk factors described from time to time in our future reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements in light of new information, subsequent events, developments or otherwise, except as required by law. PART I ITEM 1—B USINESS Overview Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (herein referred to as "Expeditors,” the "Company," "we," "us," "our") provides a full suite of global logistics services, offering customers access to an international network of people and integrated information systems to support the movement and strategic positioning of goods. As a third-party logistics provider, we purchase cargo space from carriers (such as airlines, ocean shipping lines, and trucking lines) on a volume basis and resell that space to our customers. We do not compete for overnight courier or small parcel business and do not own aircraft or ships. We provide a broad range of transportation services and customer solutions, such as customs brokerage, order management, time-definite transportation, warehousing and distribution, temperature-controlled transit, cargo insurance, specialized cargo monitoring and tracking, and other customized logistics and consulting solutions. In addition, our Project Cargo unit handles special project shipments that move via a single method or combination of air, ocean, and/or ground transportation and generally require a high level of specialized attention because of the unusual size or nature of what is being shipped. Expeditors' primary services include: • Airfreight Services • Ocean Freight and Ocean Services • Customs Brokerage and Other Services Airfreight Services: Within airfreight, Expeditors typically acts either as a freight consolidator or as an agent for the airline that carries the shipment. Whether acting as a consolidator or agent, we offer our customers routing expertise, familiarity with local business practices, knowledge of export and import documentation and procedures, the ability to arrange for ancillary services and to assist with securing capacity during periods of high demand. Solutions within Airfreight Services include: Airfreight Consolidation: as an airfreight consolidator, Expeditors purchases cargo capacity from airlines on a volume basis and resells that space to our customers at lower rates than what those customers could negotiate directly from the airlines on an individual shipment. Expeditors determines the routing, consolidates shipments bound for a particular airport distribution point, and then selects the airline for transportation to the distribution point, where either we or one of our agents then arranges for the consolidated lot to be broken down into its component shipments and for the transportation of each individual shipment to its final destination. Airfreight Forwarding : as a freight forwarder, Expeditors receives and forwards individual, unconsolidated shipments, and arranges the transportation with the airline that carries the shipment. 3 . Ocean Freight and Ocean Services: Within ocean services, Expeditors offers three basic services: ocean freight consolidation, direct ocean forwarding, and order management: Ocean freight consolidation : Expeditors, when acting as an ocean freight consolidator, contracts with ocean shipping carriers to obtain transportation for an allocation of containers between various points during a specified time period at agreed-upon rates. We handle both full container loads as well as Less-than Container Load (LCL) freight, offering a wide range of shipping options and rates. We also generate fees for ancillary services such as the preparation of documentation to comply with local export and import laws. Direct ocean forwarding : Expeditors acts as the agent when its customer contracts directly with the ocean carrier. We receive fees for customer handling and ancillary services. Order management : Expeditors provides a range of order management services including consolidation of cargo from many suppliers in a particular origin into the fewest possible number of containers, putting more product into larger and fewer containers in order to maximize space, minimize cost and help our customers reduce their carbon footprint. We also give customers visibility to the orders that they are moving, enabling them to ensure that their products get to the right location at the right time. Customs Brokerage and Other Services: Expeditors offers a range of custom solutions, including: Customs Brokerage and Import Services: Expeditors helps customers clear shipments through customs by preparing and filing required documentation, calculating, and providing for payment of duties and other taxes on behalf of customers as well as arranging for any required inspections by governmental agencies, and import services such as arranging for local pick up, storage and delivery at destinations. Such services can include screening commercial documentation for assessed value, country of origin, application of special trade programs, and classification. Our target market is primarily comprised of customers looking to reduce the number of customs brokers used, those looking to improve compliance and reporting, and those seeking opportunities to participate in special trade programs globally. Transcon: Expeditors' Transcon consists of intra-continental ground transportation, including time-definite less-than-truck and full-truck solutions. Warehousing and Distribution Services: Expeditors’ services include inventory management, multi-channel order fulfillment, vendor managed inventory programs, and other value-added services. Our warehousing services are generally offered globally in multi-client facilities so that customers may benefit from cost savings related to shared space, labor, equipment, and other efficiencies. 4 . Revenues The following chart shows our 2025 revenues by service type: The Expeditors Network Expeditors has approximately 20,000 employees and provides a complete range of global logistics services to a diversified group of customers that vary in size, industry and geographic location. As opportunities for profitable growth arise, we will continue to open new offices where it makes sense to support existing global customers and serve new local markets. As a knowledge-based global provider of logistics services, we have often concluded over the course of our history that it is better to grow organically rather than by acquisition. When we have made acquisitions, it has generally been to obtain technology or gain specialized industry expertise that could be leveraged to benefit our entire network. Expeditors, including its majority-owned subsidiaries, is organized functionally in geographic operating segments and operates district offices in the regions identified below. Our district offices are defined by geographic boundaries and have been established in locations where Expeditors maintains unilateral control over operations, and where the existence of the parent-subsidiary relationship is maintained by means other than record ownership of voting stock. Expeditors operates 172 district offices in the following geographic areas of responsibility: • Americas (70) • North Asia (17) • South Asia (16) • Europe (45) • Middle East, Africa and India (24) 5 . We also maintain branch offices, which are aligned with and dependent upon one district office, where practical benefit is gained by having staff located closer to the customers they are serving. Additionally, we contract with independent agents in locations where we do not have our own offices to provide required services for our existing customers. We have established 35 such relationships worldwide. At Expeditors, we create our strategy and develop our global products and services; processes; technology; and compliance programs at the corporate level, in order to drive consistency across all levels of the organization. Global consistency and compliance are fundamental to preserving our culture and network of people, processes, technology and locations. We leverage regional and local expertise by staffing our districts principally with local managers and personnel who are from the regions in which they operate and who often have extensive experience in logistics, coupled with a deep understanding of their local market. District offices are responsible for selling and executing Expeditors' products and services directly to customers and are involved in the selection of logistics service providers. Defining our strategy at a global level while executing it at the regional and local levels with customized supply chain solutions enables us to drive consistency and efficiency for our network and customers. We believe that focus on hiring and developing a diverse and talented workforce with an emphasis on exceptional customer service, along with our incentive-based compensation program, enables us to achieve superior financial results and provide for ongoing career advancement opportunities. Our Culture and Strategy We believe that our unique culture, at the center of which are our employees, is a critical component to our continued success. As a result, management's focus is on building and maintaining a global corporate culture and an environment where well-trained employees and managers are prepared to identify changes as they develop, to adapt and thrive as major trends emerge. Expeditors’ strategic plan is to achieve long-term, sustainable and profitable growth by focusing on the right markets and, within each market, on the right customers that lead to profitable business growth through the aggressive marketing of our service offerings. Innovative solutions, integrated platforms and data quality are vital to achieving a competitive advantage. Our teams are aligned on the specific markets of these focused priorities; on the targeted accounts within those markets; and on ways that we can continue to differentiate ourselves from our competitors. Our key strategic initiatives include: 1. Ensuring that base-line strategies for air, ocean and customs services for every district office and region lead to growth at sustainable and competitive market rates, profits and volumes by services. 2. Growing our business services into and out of Europe, with particular focus on certain defined markets beyond our base-line growth expectations. 3. Growing our customs brokerage offering throughout Asia by leveraging our strength and expertise in customs brokerage services and developing critical talent, processes and tools. Our chief strategy officer, along with our senior leadership team, continues to oversee all strategy within Expeditors, with a deep focus on exploring new avenues for innovation, differentiation and expansion. Global Logistics and Supply Chain Technology Expeditors has long believed that it is a competitive advantage to focus on organic growth and to utilize a single enterprise technology platform designed and built by logistics technology professionals for logistics professionals. Our technology platform is built on principles of innovation, agility, collaboration, performance and consistency across the Expeditors global network to meet diverse and complex global logistics and supply chain needs. The platform is comprised of proprietary, third party and open-source technologies. We utilize a globally-consistent infrastructure supporting both centralized and distributed technology strategies that incorporate security, disaster recovery and high availability. Expeditors’ technology platform is designed, coded, tested and implemented by the collaborative efforts of our logistics industry and information technology professionals. Internally developing, maintaining and enhancing technology capabilities is in keeping with Expeditors' long-held belief that it not outsource core functions, with global technology being one of those core functions. 6 . We are not dependent on third parties for developing or enhancing our core transportation technology platforms to address our needs or those of our customers. We utilize internally developed and third-party solutions to perform our customs brokerage services, to address country and regional specifications. We continuously monitor emerging technologies for potential applicability to our business. Expeditors also believes that having a single, uniform, globally-connected platform driving logistics operations and providing comprehensive visibility and advanced analytics creates greater efficiency and value, particularly as the value of timely data and insights into that data are increasingly important. We are continually enhancing our systems, including meaningful upgrades to core operating and accounting systems. We are investing in our technology strategy, which includes intentional and critical consideration of how best to implement a range of technology solutions, including artificial intelligence (AI). Due to the significant complexity and activities required to accommodate our customs brokerage and compliance needs, we have chosen to focus on these areas. While we expect to benefit from increased productivity, we also expect to focus on areas to increase value to our customers, making our operations more effective from an operational performance standpoint. We are also focused on accelerating our development and testing processes for solution delivery. We are in the early days in the deployment of AI and we continue to work to see where it can be applied most beneficially. We are dedicated to teaching our employees how to best utilize AI technologies, with groups creating their own agents and using tools in various areas of our business to gain efficiency and improve effectiveness. However, because our customer service, expertise, and knowledge of our customers and their specific needs are critical to our success, we do not anticipate altering customer-facing functions with AI solutions. While we see tremendous potential from these investments, we expect their deployment to be ongoing as our organization learns and further develops our skills and use of such technologies. Tailored Solutions As a non-asset-based logistics services provider, we have considerable flexibility to tailor customer-specific solutions by product and industry. By understanding a customer's logistics and supply chain processes, strategies, and objectives, we identify targeted areas of opportunity for improvement, and deploy the right solutions for that customer. These solutions include our core product offerings of transportation, customs clearance, warehousing and distribution, and order management, along with expertise in supply chain analysis and optimization, trade compliance consulting, cargo insurance, cargo security, and solutions for oversized and heavy-lift freight. Our trained professional employees deliver these services across the globe through our network of district offices using a common technology platform, in conjunction with consistent and efficient operational processes that adhere to the highest standards of compliance and quality, while focusing on the individual needs of each customer. Because Expeditors is in the business of optimizing our customers’ supply chains, we focus our sales and engagement strategies on professionals in logistics and supply chain management roles inside of customer organizations. While we drive our sales strategies at a global level, district management of each office is responsible for its own business development, operations, and service execution. We also employ dedicated account management staff who work with existing customers to improve operations and grow new business opportunities. What Expeditors Ships The goods that Expeditors handles are generally a function of the products that dominate international trade between any particular origin and destination. These goods include products from diverse industries, including technology; cloud & data center services, hyperscalers, semiconductor, personal computers and compute hardware, and industries such as healthcare, automotive, aviation, aerospace, retail and high fashion. In order to meet customers' complex and industry-specific demands, we utilize industry vertical teams throughout our network that focus on providing tailored solutions to different industries. Industry vertical teams work closely with our regional and district resources to grow our business. No single customer accounts for five percent or more of our revenues. Expeditors' Services in Detail The following describes in more detail the operations of each of Expeditors’ services: 7 . Airfreight Services Airfreight services accounted for approximately 36% and 34% of Expeditors' total revenues in 2025 and 2024, respectively. When performing airfreight services, we typically act as a freight consolidator. When acting as a freight consolidator, we purchase cargo capacity from airlines on a volume basis and resell that space to our customers at lower rates than they could obtain directly from airlines on an individual shipment. We then issue a House Airway Bill (HAWB) to our customers as the contract of carriage and separately, we receive a Master Airway Bill from the airline when the freight is physically tendered. When moving shipments between points where the nature or volume of business does not facilitate consolidation, we receive and forward individual shipments directly to the airline that carries the shipment. Whether acting as a consolidator or agent, we offer our customers expertise for optimum routing, familiarity with local business practices, knowledge of export and import documentation and procedures, the ability to arrange for ancillary services, and assistance with securing capacity during periods of high demand. In our airfreight operations, we receive shipments from our customers, determine the routing, consolidate shipments bound for a particular airport distribution point, and select the airline for transportation to the distribution point. At the distribution point, either we or an Expeditors' agent arranges for the consolidated lot to be broken down into its component shipments and for the transportation of the individual shipments to their final destinations. We estimate that our average airfreight consolidation weighs approximately 3,700 pounds and that a typical consolidation includes merchandise from several shippers. Because shipment by air is relatively expensive compared with ocean transportation, air shipments are generally characterized by a high value-to-weight ratio, the need for rapid delivery, or both. At the origin, Expeditors typically delivers shipments from one of our warehouses to the airline after consolidating the freight into containers or onto pallets. Normally that shipment will then arrive at the destination distribution point within 48-72 hours from the point of origin. During periods of high demand, available cargo capacity from the scheduled air carriers can be limited and backlogs of freight shipments may occur. When these conditions exist, we may charter aircraft to meet customer demand. Expeditors consolidates individual shipments based on weight and volume characteristics in cost-effective combinations. Typically, as the weight or volume of a shipment increases, the cost that we charge per pound/kilo or cubic inch/centimeter decreases. The rates charged by airlines also generally decrease as the weight or volume of the shipment increases. As a result, by aggregating shipments and presenting them to an airline as a single shipment, we are able to obtain a lower rate per pound/kilo or cubic inch/centimeter than what is charged for an individual shipment, while generally offering the customer a lower rate than could be obtained directly from the airline for an unconsolidated shipment. Our airfreight revenues less directly related costs of transportation and other expenses for a consolidated shipment capture the differential between the freight rate that the airline charges Expeditors and the rate that we, in turn, charge our customers, in addition to fees that we charge our customers for ancillary services. Such ancillary services we provide include preparation of shipping and customs documentation, packing, crating, insurance services, and the preparation of documentation to comply with local export laws. Expeditors' management believes that owning aircraft would subject us to undue business risks, including large capital outlays, increased fixed operating expenses, exposure to volatile fuel prices and problems of fully utilizing aircraft. Furthermore, we would be in direct competition with our service providers - the airlines. Because we rely on commercial airlines to transport our shipments, our business may be adversely affected by changes in carrier financial stability, policies and practices such as pricing, payment terms, scheduling, capacity and frequency of service. Carriers' financial results will continue to drive their asset acquisition and deployment strategies, which will impact airfreight pricing and capacity. Most of Expeditors' customers are focused on improving supply-chain efficiency, reducing overall logistics costs by negotiating lower rates and utilizing ocean freight whenever possible. We expect these trends to continue in conjunction with carriers' efforts to manage available capacity and the evolution of consumer purchasing behavior, such as online shopping. Changes in available capacity, periods of high or low demand, or other market disruptions has impacted and could continue to impact our sell and buy rates and challenge our ability to maintain historical unitary profitability. 8 . Ocean Freight and Ocean Services Ocean freight services accounted for approximately 25% and 30% of Expeditors' total revenues in 2025 and 2024, respectively. We operate Expeditors International Ocean, Inc. (EIO), an Ocean Transportation Intermediary, sometimes referred to as a Non-Vessel Operating Common Carrier (NVOCC), which specializes in ocean freight services in most major trade routes in the world. EIO provides service to and from any location where we have an office or an agent. Ocean freight services are comprised of three basic services: ocean freight consolidation, direct ocean forwarding and order management. Ocean freight consolidation : As an NVOCC, EIO contracts with ocean shipping lines to obtain transportation for an allocation of containers between various points during a specified time period at an agreed rate. EIO provides full container load services to companies that need access to vessel capacity and flexibility via multiple sailing and service options. Additionally, EIO supports customers that prefer to supplement their carrier strategy with an NVOCC. EIO also leverages the Expeditors global gateway network for the movement of LCL freight for customers needing to ship smaller consignments via ocean. EIO issues a House Ocean Bill of Lading (HOBL) or a House Sea Waybill to customers as the contract of carriage and receives a separate Master Ocean Bill of Lading (MOBL) from the contracted shipping line when freight is physically tendered. Revenues from fees charged to customers for ancillary services that EIO may provide include the preparation of shipping and customs documentation, booking arrangements, management of pick-ups, packing, crating, insurance services, and the preparation of documentation to comply with local export and import laws. We also charter vessels to support our customers’ special projects needs. Direct ocean forwarding : When the customer contracts directly with the ocean carrier, EIO acts as an agent of the customer and derives its revenues from handling fees paid by the customer. In such arrangements, EIO does not issue a HOBL or House Sea Waybill. Rather, the carrier issues a MOBL directly to the customer who employs EIO to create documentation, manage shipment information and arrange various services to facilitate the shipment of goods. The MOBL shows the customer as the shipper or consignee. Order management : Order management provides services that manage consolidation of goods at origin, supplier performance, carrier allocation, carrier performance, container management, document management, delivery management and Order/SKU visibility through our web-based portal. Customers have the ability to monitor and report against near real-time status of orders from the date of creation through final delivery. Item quantities, required ship dates, required delivery dates, commodity descriptions, estimated vs. actual ex-factory dates, container utilization, document creation and visibility are many of the managed functions that are visible and reportable via our web-based portal. Order management is available for various modes of transportation, including ocean, air, truck and rail. Order management revenues are derived from services provided to the shipper, as well as management fees associated with managing order execution against customer specific rules. One basic function of order management involves arranging cargo from many suppliers in a particular origin and “consolidating” these shipments into the fewest possible number of containers to maximize space utilization and minimize cost. Through origin consolidation, customers can reduce the number of containers shipped by putting more product in larger and fewer containers. Expeditors’ pricing is based on annual and ongoing contract negotiations with our global carrier partners. Our pricing model is flexible. We purchase based on customer needs, and our carrier strategy determines our volume and pricing commitments. Fixed pricing arrangements are entered into for a portion of our forecasted commitments, while spot market pricing arrangements are typically negotiated at the regional and local levels. When the market goes through seasonal peaks or significant disruption, the carriers react by altering sailings and adjusting their pricing. This carrier behavior, and the subsequent changes in available capacity, along with fluctuations in demand, creates pricing volatility that could impact Expeditors' ability to maintain historical unitary profitability. We offer our customers multiple sailing options and services globally to meet their changing needs. Maintaining close relationships with our carrier partners allows us to meet our customers’ space needs throughout the year, including during peak periods. 9 . Customs Brokerage and Other Services Customs brokerage and other services accounted for approximately 39% and 36% of Expeditors' total revenues in 2025 and 2024, respectively. As a customs broker, we assist our customers in clearing shipments through customs by preparing and filing required information and documentation, calculating and providing for payment of duties and other taxes on behalf of the customer, arranging required inspections by governmental agencies, and providing import services such as pick up, storage and delivery services, including value-added services, at destinations. We provide customs brokerage services either in conjunction with transportation services or independently. Expeditors supports regulatory compliance and visibility to the supply chain through process and system controls, technology, and licensed and trained professional oversight. We offer a customized, solutions-based approach to our customers, based on the complexity of their business. Our pricing reflects this complexity and scope, in addition to the number of declarations filed. We also provide other value-added services within our network, such as warehousing and distribution, Transcon and consulting services. Expeditors' warehousing and distribution services include inventory management, multi-channel order fulfillment, vendor managed inventory programs, and other industry-specific, value-added services. Our warehousing services are generally offered in facilities utilized by multiple customers so that customers may benefit from cost savings related to shared space, labor, equipment and other efficiencies. Within Transcon, Expeditors offers a wide range of services for both the domestic and intra-continental ground cross-border shipping needs of our customers. These services include cross-border ground, time-definite, less-than-truckload, and full truckload. These solutions are supported by our ground network services, a time-definite platform, that provides door-to-door capacity solutions for our customers. Expeditors responds to customer-driven trade compliance consulting services requests primarily through Tradewin. Fees for these non-transactional services are based upon hourly billing rates and bids for mutually agreed-upon projects. 10 . Human Capital Management Opportunities for employees and positive work environment Expeditors’ most important asset is its employees. The cornerstone of our company culture is the professional growth and development of our employees. From the inception of our company, management has inherently understood that the elements required for a successful global service organization can only be assured through recruiting, developing and ultimately retaining knowledgeable and experienced personnel. We believe that we must perpetuate a consistent global corporate culture that requires: • Total dedication to providing superior customer service; • Compliance with our policies and procedures and government regulations; • A positive, safe work environment that is diverse, inclusive and free from discrimination and harassment; • Ongoing mentoring and development of key employees and management personnel; • Creation of unlimited advancement opportunities for employees dedicated to hard work, personal growth and continuous improvement with a focus on promotion from within; • Training, development and engagement programs that ensure that our employees understand and remain connected to Expeditors culture and strategic initiatives; • Individual commitment to the identification and mentoring of successors for every key position so that when change occurs, a qualified and well-trained internal candidate is ready to step forward; • Continuous identification, design and implementation of system solutions and differentiated service offerings, both technological and otherwise, that place employees in a position to be successful in meeting and exceeding the needs of customers; and • Focus on developing processes and technological solutions that maximize the engagement, efficiency and effectiveness of our employees. We believe in creating and maintaining a positive work environment for employees. That commitment is supported by policies designed to promote fairness and equitable treatment and our supervisors and managers are charged with the responsibility of setting positive examples and providing mentoring with a focus on the importance of compliance. Our culture encourages Expeditors leaders to exemplify our core values at all times. We promote equal employment opportunity and have policies that expressly prohibit unacceptable behaviors, including harassment, intimidation or discrimination of any kind based on race, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, age, color, religion, creed, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other characteristic protected under applicable law. To protect our employees, we are committed to maintaining secure business operations globally by following our well-established security standards, maintained and deployed by our Health and Safety team, as well as health and safety laws and regulations that may apply to a particular jurisdiction. We have mechanisms in place to report accidents, injuries and unsafe working conditions. As a knowledge-based organization we focus on employees’ professional development through regular performance reviews and training, including mandatory trainings related to compliance; ethics, health and security; specific certifications where required to perform certain duties; supervising skills and development of succession plans of key employees and leaders. Compensation and retention We reinforce these values through a unique compensation system that rewards employees for profitably managing things they can control within our business. This incentive-based compensation system has been in place since we became a publicly traded company. We believe in a “real world” environment where the employees of our operating units are held accountable for the profit implications of their decisions. If these decisions result in operating losses, management generally must make up these losses with future operating profits, in the aggregate, before any cash incentive compensation can be earned. Executive management, in limited circumstances, makes exceptions at the district operating unit level. At the same time, our policies, processes and relevant training focus on such things as cargo management, risk mitigation, compliance, sound business decisions, accounts receivable collection, cash flow and credit soundness in an attempt to help managers avoid the kinds of errors that might end a career. To retain the services of highly qualified, experienced, and motivated employees, we place considerable emphasis on our incentive-based compensation programs and believe they are a true differentiator. 11 . Since our business is service based, we believe that employee retention remains critical to our long-term success. We evaluate our ability to engage and retain employees by monitoring turnover rates, percentage of positions filled internally, and by regularly conducting employee engagement surveys to identify opportunities where we can improve and set improvement plans accordingly. Geographically diverse workforce At December 31, 2025, Expeditors employed approximately 20,000 people, of which approximately 13,000 were employed in international locations. We believe that focus on hiring and developing a diverse and talented workforce coupled with our incentive-based compensation program, enables us to provide exceptional service and superior financial results. We leverage regional and local expertise by staffing our districts principally with local managers and personnel who are from the regions in which they operate and who have extensive experience in logistics, coupled with a deep understanding of their local market. This results in a highly talented, inclusive and multi-cultural global workforce that reflects the diverse regions that we serve. Because our business involves shipments between districts and typically touches more than one geographic area, our success requires a high degree of communication and coordination among our employees globally. District Managers are key individuals in our Company, as sales, operational execution and business decisions necessary to service our customers are the responsibility of management at each district. The vast majority of our employees are based in our operational districts, geographically distributed as shown below. We have summarized below, the number of employees based on individual headcount as of December 31, 2025, including corporate and information services employees. Employee Count as of December 31, 2025 United States 6,800 Other North America 1,600 Latin America 850 North Asia 2,250 South Asia 1,950 Europe 4,250 Middle East, Africa and India 2,100 Total 19,800 Competition The global logistics services industry is intensely competitive and is expected to remain so for the foreseeable future. There are a large number of companies competing in one or more segments of the industry, but the number of firms with a global network that offer a full complement of logistics services is more limited. Certain air and ocean carriers periodically enter into onshore services as they pursue more profitable and less commoditized market segments to provide balance against their incumbent asset-based offerings. Further, there are new technology-based competitors that have entered the industry with substantial capital funding, with the intent to compete on a global level. Some of our competitors have significantly more resources than Expeditors. Depending on the location of the shipper and the importer, Expeditors must compete against both the niche players and larger entities. The industry continues to experience consolidations into larger firms striving for stronger and more complete multinational and multi-service networks. However, regional and local competitors still maintain a strong presence in certain markets. The primary competitive factors in the global logistics services industry continue to be price and quality of service, including reliability, responsiveness, expertise, convenience and scope of operations. Expeditors emphasizes quality customer service, underscored by a strong commitment to compliance, and believes that our prices are market competitive. 12 . Larger customers utilize the services of multiple logistics providers and implement sophisticated and efficient procedures for the management of their logistics and supply chains by embracing strategies such as just-in-time delivery, network optimization, transportation flow optimization, and process improvement. Accordingly, timely and accurate data integrated into customer service capabilities is a significant factor in attracting and retaining customers. Expeditors supports our customers in these strategies through digital products that provide quoting, booking, freight tracing and tracking, customized reporting, data analytics, and solution modeling/simulation/optimization. We can further extend support for these customer strategies through our order management and customs brokerage products and related digital solutions. These digital solutions can be enabled through Electronic Data Interface (EDI), Application Programming Interfaces (API), and browser-based web applications or mobile applications. Supply chain disruptions stemming from various factors, including geopolitical tensions and port labor disruptions impact our customers across different industries. In addition to these factors, recent tariffs and trade policy changes have contributed to supply chain disruptions, prompting many companies to reconsider their sourcing strategies. This environment has accelerated trends towards reshoring and nearshoring. As a result, many companies seek to mitigate risks and implement strategies around supply chain resiliency, agility, sourcing, and inventory optimization. While our customers’ supply chain strategies may evolve, we believe that the industry will remain highly competitive with a mix of large, niche, and new entrants, competing aggressively for customers’ business. Expeditors' management believes that the ability to develop and deliver innovative solutions to meet our customers’ increasingly sophisticated supply chain requirements is a critical factor in our ongoing success. We devote significant resources towards the maintenance and enhancement of technology and digital solutions in order to meet these customer demands. Management believes that our existing systems are competitive with the systems currently in use by other logistics services companies with which we compete. We continue to monitor the evolving features and capabilities of new technologies such as artificial intelligence. Unlike many of our competitors, who have tended to grow by merger and acquisition, Expeditors operates fully integrated transportation, customs brokerage, and accounting systems, running on a common hardware platform, in all districts. Small and middle-tier competitors, in general, do not have the resources available to develop and integrate these customized systems. Historically, growth through aggressive acquisition has proven to be a challenge for many of our competitors and typically involves the purchase of significant “goodwill.” In contrast, Expeditors has pursued a strategy emphasizing organic growth supplemented by select strategic acquisitions. Dependence on Service Providers In addition, our ability to provide services to our customers is highly dependent on good working relationships with a variety of entities, including airlines, ocean carrier lines, ground transportation providers and governmental agencies. The significance of maintaining acceptable working relationships with these entities has gained increased importance as a result of ongoing concerns over terrorism, security, changes in governmental regulations and oversight of international trade. We use a consistent approach in selecting and managing service providers across all of our product offerings, beginning with a rigorous qualification and risk-based diligence process. We select and engage with best-in-class, compliance-focused, efficiently run, growth-oriented partners, based upon defined value elements and are intentional in our relationship and performance management activity, reinforcing success by awarding service providers who consistently achieve at the highest levels with additional business. We also invest in compliance, training, and certifications to ensure that we maintain trusted partner status with those government agencies with which we work, particularly those with operational and regulatory responsibilities. We consider our current working relationships with these entities to be satisfactory. However, changes in the financial stability and operating capabilities and capacity of asset-based carriers, capacity allotments available from carriers, governmental regulation or deregulation efforts, modernization of the regulations governing customs brokerage, and/or changes in governmental restrictions, quota restrictions or trade accords could affect our business in unpredictable ways. 13 . Currency and Inflation Our worldwide operations require that we transact in a multitude of currencies other than the U.S. dollar. That exposes us to the inherent risks of volatile international currency markets and governmental interference. Some of the countries where we maintain offices and/or have agency relationships maintain strict currency control regulations that influence our ability to hedge foreign currency exposure. We try to compensate for these exposures by accelerating international currency settlements among our offices or agents. Historically, our business has not been adversely affected by inflation. Beginning in 2021 and continuing through 2025, many countries, including the United States experienced increasing levels of inflation. As a result, our business continues to experience rising labor costs, service provider rate increases, higher rent and occupancy and
[...TRUNCATED...]