TICKER=EXPE|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/EXPE_2026-02-13.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We could also be affected by additional risks that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. These Risk Factors should be carefully reviewed in conjunction with Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8 of this Report. Industry Risks We operate in an intensely competitive global environment and we may be unable to compete successfully with our current or future competitors. The market for the services we offer is intensely competitive and constantly evolving. We currently, or may in the future, compete globally with a wide variety of providers of travel-related services including: • OTAs such as Booking.com, alternative accommodation providers such as Airbnb, and travel metasearch services; • large online companies, including in search, social media, marketplace, Gen AI, and ride sharing; • travel service suppliers (including hotels, airlines and car rental companies), who may offer favorable rates or other benefits to encourage bookings on their direct channels; 8 Table of Contents • traditional travel agencies, corporate travel management service providers, wholesalers, and tour operators; • companies offering AI agents powered by Gen AI that can perform or facilitate travel-related services, such as digital assistants; and • B2B businesses offering competing software solutions and technology services, including those of other online travel agencies and global distribution systems. Some of our competitors have significant advantages such as greater financial resources or name recognition, more advanced technology systems, more consumers and consumer data, more favorable offerings, including pricing and supply breadth, or may be able to leverage other aspects of their business for competitive advantage. For example, Google has used its search market position to promote its own travel services, potentially disintermediating our platform, and may be able to leverage the data it collects on users to the detriment of us and other OTAs. The rapid emergence and adoption of generative and agentic AI is likely to further intensify competition for our services from established technology companies and new market entrants who may deploy AI-driven travel search, planning, and booking capabilities more effectively or rapidly than we can. If we are unable to successfully innovate and integrate advanced AI capabilities into our own products, or if consumer behavior shifts toward AI-driven platforms where we lack a significant presence, we may experience a loss of market share, reduced direct-booking rates, and increased marketing expenses as we compete for visibility. Any failure to effectively navigate this "agentic" revolution could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our OTA and alternative accommodation provider competitors are also increasingly expanding the range of travel services they offer, thereby further intensifying the competitive environment. In recent years, Airbnb has expanded into tours, activities, and hotel bookings, and discussed expansion into flight bookings, and Booking.com has expanded its flight booking services. Some competing metasearch websites have also looked to add various forms of direct or assisted booking functionality to their sites in direct competition with certain of our brands and other participants or existing competitors may begin to offer or expand other services to the travel industry that compete with the services we offer to our travelers, our travel industry affiliates and partners, or our corporate clients. In other cases, our competitors and potential competitors offer a variety of online services, many of which are used by consumers more frequently than online travel services or have created "super-apps" where consumers can use such various services without leaving the company's app. A competitor that has established other, more frequent online or app-based interactions with consumers may be able to more easily or cost-effectively acquire customers for its online travel services than we can. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against any current, emerging and future competitors or on platforms that may emerge, or offer differentiated products and services to our travelers. Failure to compete effectively against existing or new competitors could result in loss of market share and reduced margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Declines or disruptions in the travel industry could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Our business and financial performance are affected by the overall health of the worldwide travel industry. Factors beyond our control that have in the past and could in the future materially and adversely affect the travel industry and demand in general and our business in particular include: • adverse macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, such as slow growth or recession, high unemployment, inflation, tighter credit, higher interest rates, heightened bankruptcies or liquidations, significant changes in oil prices, trade disruptions, and currency fluctuations; • political instability, including increased incidents of actual or threatened terrorism, and conflicts (such as the war in Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war), and geopolitical tensions that may impact travel behaviors; • major public health issues, including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic; • fluctuations in hotel supply, occupancy and Average Daily Rates ("ADRs"); • changes in airline capacity and airline ticket prices; • the imposition of taxes or surcharges by regulatory authorities; • extreme weather or natural disasters, including hurricanes, fires, floods, and droughts (the impacts and frequency of which could be further exacerbated by climate change) and resultant damage, including property destruction and prolonged loss of utilities; • continued air carrier and hotel chain consolidation, travel strikes, trade disputes, labor unrest, or labor shortages; 9 Table of Contents • travel-related accidents or grounding of aircraft due to safety concerns; and • travel bans, changes to visa and immigration requirements or border control policies. Because these events or concerns, and the full impact of their effects, are largely unpredictable, they can dramatically and suddenly affect travel behavior by consumers. Any associated decrease in demand, depending on its scope and duration, together with any future issues affecting travel safety, could significantly and adversely affect our business, working capital and financial performance over the short and long-term. In addition, the disruption of the existing travel plans of a significant number of travelers upon the occurrence of certain of these events, such as severe weather conditions, fires, actual or threatened terrorist activity, war or travel-related health events, could result in significant additional costs and decrease our revenues leading to constrained liquidity, particularly if we, as we often have done historically in the case of severe weather conditions and travel-related health events, provide relief to affected travelers by refunding the price or fees associated with airline tickets, hotel reservations and other travel products and services. Recent examples of such events include the COVID-19 pandemic and efforts to contain it, which severely restricted the level of economic activity around the world, had an unprecedented negative impact on the global travel industry, and materially impacted our business, financial performance and liquidity position, as well as those of many of the partners on which our business relies. In addition, during 2024, Hurricanes Helene and Milton negatively impacted our financial results for the third and fourth fiscal quarters, respectively. Our business depends on our relationships with travel suppliers and other B2B partners. An important component of our business success depends on our ability to maintain and expand relationships with travel suppliers (including owners and managers of alternative accommodation properties), GDS partners and B2B partners. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from compensation negotiated with travel suppliers, in particular lodging suppliers, airlines and GDS partners for bookings made through our channels. We typically negotiate or renegotiate numerous supplier contracts each year. No assurances can be given that travel suppliers will elect to participate in our platform, or that our compensation, access to inventory or access to inventory at competitive rates will not be further reduced or eliminated in the future, or that travel suppliers will not reduce the cost of their products or services (for example, ADRs or ticket prices); attempt to implement costly direct connections; charge us for or otherwise restrict access to content; increase credit card fees or fees for other services; fail to provide us with accurate booking information or otherwise take actions that would increase our operating expenses. Likewise, no assurance can be given that our current B2B partners will continue to participate in our platform or that our compensation will not be reduced. Any of these actions, or other similar actions, could reduce our revenue and margins thereby adversely affecting our business and financial performance. Operational Risks Our business could be negatively affected by changes in search engine algorithms and dynamics or other traffic-generating arrangements. We generate a significant portion of the traffic to our websites and the websites of our affiliates from internet search engines, such as Google, through the purchase of travel-related keywords and organic search. Search engines frequently change the algorithms that determine placement and display of results. These changes can adversely affect the ranking, visibility, or cost of links to our websites. In addition, we receive meaningful traffic to our websites and those of our affiliates through participation in pay-per-click and display advertising campaigns on search engines, including Google, and travel metasearch websites, such as Kayak, TripAdvisor and trivago. Pricing and operating dynamics for these traffic sources can change rapidly, both technically and competitively. Search or metasearch engines could, for competitive or other purposes, alter their search algorithms or display of results which could cause a website to rank lower in search query results or inhibit participation in the search query results. For example, Google has in the past, and may continue to in the future, change its algorithms or results in a manner that negatively affects the search engine ranking, both paid and unpaid, of our websites, the websites of our affiliates and those of our third-party distribution partners, which could adversely impact our business and financial performance. Certain search providers, such as Google, have increasingly added their own travel search functionality and content at the expense of traditional paid listings and organic search results, which may continue to reduce the amount of traffic to our websites or those of our affiliates. If Google or other search or metasearch companies continue to pursue these or similar strategies, which are out of our control, or we do not successfully manage our paid and unpaid search strategies, we could face a significant decrease in traffic to our websites and/or increased costs related to replacing unpaid traffic with paid traffic. In addition, the emergence of AI search platforms and changing consumer behavior adversely affect search traffic and margins. 10 Table of Contents We rely on the value of our brands, and the costs of maintaining and enhancing our brand awareness are increasing. We invest considerable financial and human resources in our brands in order to retain and expand our customer base in existing and emerging markets. We expect that the cost of maintaining and enhancing our brands will continue to increase and decisions we make on investing in brands could be less effective and costlier than expected. Certain online travel companies and metasearch websites have expanded their offline and digital advertising campaigns globally, increasing competition for share of voice, and we expect this activity to continue in the future. Our efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands may not be successful, may have unintended negative impacts, or, even if successful may not be cost-effective, or as efficient as they have been historically, resulting in less direct traffic and increased customer acquisition costs. Moreover, branding efforts with respect to some brands within the Expedia Group portfolio have in the past and may in the future result in marketing inefficiencies and negatively impact growth rates of other brands within our portfolio. In addition, our decisions over allocation of resources and choosing to invest in branding efforts for certain brands in our portfolio at the expense of not investing in, or reducing our investments in, other brands in our portfolio could have an overall negative financial impact. If we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness of our brands and generate demand in a cost-effective manner, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. We are subject to payments-related risks. Payments Regulations. The end-to-end payments process—from accepting traveler payments through to paying suppliers—for a variety of payment methods is subject to various laws, rules, regulations, legal interpretations, and regulatory guidance, including those governing cross-border and domestic money transmission and funds transfers; foreign exchange; payment services; and consumer protection. If we are found to be in violation of applicable payments laws or regulations, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties, additional restrictive and burdensome requirements, or forced to cease or amend certain services we currently provide. Moreover, for existing and future payment options we offer to both our customers and suppliers, we are and may increasingly be subject to additional regulations and compliance requirements including obligations to implement enhanced authentication processes and new standards for payment security and strong customer authentication (“SCA”) that have and may increasingly make it more difficult and costly to carry out a payment transaction successfully. For example, the lack of industry-wide adoption of SCA may continue to add to the complexity of payment transactions for us and our suppliers. Third-Party Payment Service Providers. We rely on agreements with third-party service providers to process our voluminous customer credit and debit card transactions and for the facilitation of customer bookings of travel services from our travel suppliers. Upon the occurrence of specified events, including material adverse changes in our financial condition, these agreements may allow the payment processors to withhold a significant amount of our cash (referred to as a “holdback”), require us to otherwise post security equal to a portion of bookings that have been settled by a provider but where the traveler has have not traveled, or suspend their processing services. An imposition of a holdback or suspension of payment processing services by one or more of our payment processors could materially reduce our liquidity. Further, the software and services provided by payment processors may fail to meet our expectations, contain errors or vulnerabilities, be compromised, or experience outages. Any of these risks could cause us to lose our ability to process payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Payment Card Networks. The payment card networks, such as Visa, MasterCard and American Express, may increase the interchange fees and assessments that they charge for each transaction that accesses their networks and may impose special fees or assessments on such transactions. Certain of our payment processors also have the right to pass any increases in interchange fees and assessments on to us, which could significantly increase our costs and thereby adversely affect our financial performance. In addition, the payment card networks have adopted rules and regulations that apply to all merchants who process and accept payment cards and include payment card association operating rules, the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, or the PCI DSS. Moreover, the payment card networks could adopt new operating rules or interpret or reinterpret existing rules that we or our payment processors might find difficult or even impossible to comply with, or costly to implement. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and be liable for card issuing banks’ costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. We are subject to fraud risks. Our results of operations and financial positions have been negatively affected by our acceptance of fraudulent bookings made using payment options including credit and debit cards or fraudulently obtained loyalty points. We are sometimes held 11 Table of Contents liable for accepting fraudulent bookings on our websites or other bookings for which payment is subsequently disputed by our customers both of which lead to the reversal of payments received by us for such bookings (referred to as a “charge-back”). In addition, the payment card networks have rules around acceptable charge-back ratios. Accordingly, we calculate and record an allowance for the resulting charge-backs. Our ability to detect and combat fraudulent schemes, which have become increasingly common and sophisticated, may be negatively impacted by the adoption of new payment methods, the emergence and innovation of new technology platforms (such as historically occurred with the introduction of smartphones, tablet computers and in-home assistants), and our global expansion, including into markets with a history of elevated fraudulent activity. In addition, we have not broadly adopted certain protective capabilities across our platform, such as mobile application-based multi-factor authentication or third-party identify verification, which approach could result in significantly increased fraudulent activity on our platform in the future. If we are unable to effectively combat fraudulent bookings on our websites or mobile applications or if we otherwise experience increased levels of charge backs, we may also be subject to significant fines and higher transaction fees or payment card networks may revoke our access to their networks meaning we would be unable to continue to accept card payments, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial positions. In addition, we have been subject to fraudulent impersonation and supplier schemes. Fraudulent impersonation schemes involve external actors impersonating our business and customer support operations. This activity occurs outside of our systems, for example driven by search results that surface fake phone numbers and links, making detection and mitigation challenging. With respect to fraudulent supplier schemes, we may fail to identify falsified or stolen supplier credentials, which may result in fraudulent bookings, payments or unauthorized access to personal or confidential information of users of our websites and mobile applications. Impersonation and fraudulent supplier schemes could therefore result in negative publicity, damage to our reputation, and could cause users of our websites and mobile applications to lose confidence in the quality of our services. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of AI technologies, including agentic booking capabilities that may lack strong consent controls, may significantly increase our fraud risks, which could have a significant negative effect on the value of our brands and an adverse impact on our financial performance. We work closely with various business partners and rely on third-parties for many systems and services, and therefore could be harmed by their activities. We have numerous significant commercial arrangements with business partners, and we rely on third-party service providers for a broad ranges of key services, including both external, customer-facing services such as customer support and booking fulfillment and internal services related to our operations, technology development and infrastructure. If these partners or service providers fail to meet our requirements or legal or regulatory requirements, it could damage our reputation, make it difficult for us to operate some aspects of our business, or expose us to liability for their actions. Likewise, if one of our third-party service providers were to cease operations, face financial distress or other business disruption, we could suffer increased costs and disruption to our own business operations until an equivalent alternative could be sourced or developed, any of which could also have an adverse impact on our business and financial performance. In addition, as a result of our migration of key portions of our platform functionality to Amazon Web Services (“AWS”), we now depend on the availability of AWS’s services and any incident affecting AWS’s infrastructure and availability, which have occurred a number of times in the recent past, could adversely affect the availability of our platform and our ability to serve our customers, which could in turn damage our reputation with current and potential customers, expose us to liability, result in substantial costs for remediation, cause us to lose customers, or otherwise harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We may also incur significant costs for using alternative hosting sources or taking other actions in preparation for, or in reaction to, events that compromise the AWS services we use. Our international operations involve additional risks and our exposure to these risks will increase as our business expands globally. We operate in a number of jurisdictions outside of the United States and intend to continue to expand our international presence. Laws and business practices that favor local competitors, disfavor foreign competitors, or prohibit or limit foreign ownership of certain businesses or our failure to adapt our practices, systems, processes and business models effectively to the traveler and supplier preferences, as well as the regulatory and tax landscapes, of each country into which we expand, could slow our growth or prevent our ability to compete effectively in certain markets. For example, to compete in certain international markets we have in the past, and may in the future, adopt locally-preferred payment methods, which has increased our costs and instances of fraud. Certain international markets in which we operate have lower margins than more mature markets, which could have a negative impact on our overall margins if the proportion of our overall revenue from these markets grow over time. Additionally, some countries have enacted or are considering enacting various regulations, such as data localization, tax and tourism laws that make competition by foreign companies costly or operationally difficult in those markets. 12 Table of Contents Our international operations are also subject to a number of other risks, including: • exposure to local economic or political instability and threatened or actual acts of terrorism; • compliance with U.S. and non-U.S. regulatory laws and requirements relating to anti-corruption, antitrust or competition, economic sanctions, data content and privacy, consumer protection, employment and labor laws, health and safety, information reporting and advertising and promotions; • weaker enforcement of our contractual and intellectual property rights; • lower levels of credit card usage and increased payment and fraud risk; • longer payment cycles, and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; • preferences by local populations for local providers; • restrictions on, or adverse tax and other consequences related to the repatriation of cash, the withdrawal of non-U.S. investments, cash balances and earnings, as well as restrictions on our ability to invest in our operations in certain countries; • changes to trade policy or agreements that limit our ability to offer, or adversely affect demand for, our products and services; • our ability to support technologies or marketing channels that may be prevalent in a particular international market and used by local competitors, but are not scalable for an international company offering services in many markets around the world; and • uncertainty regarding liability for services and content, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of precedent. Acquisitions, investments, divestitures or significant commercial arrangements could result in operating and financial difficulties. We have acquired, invested in, divested or entered into significant commercial arrangements with a number of businesses in the past, and our future success may depend, in part, on such transactions, any of which could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. Key risks related to such transactions include: • Valuation & Financial Underperformance : Overpaying for acquired assets, failing to realize projected synergies (revenue, cost, scale) or divestiture value, or assuming known or unknown liabilities from acquired companies; • Integration & Execution Failures: Difficulty in integrating diverse technologies, cultures, and workforces, causing operational disruption, diversion of management attention or resources, loss of key talent, reduced productivity, and harm to relationships with customers, suppliers and other counterparties; • Regulatory & Compliance Hurdles : Navigating complex antitrust, data privacy (GDPR, CCPA), and international regulatory approvals, potentially delaying or blocking transactions and incurring significant costs; • Market & Competitive Disruption: Entering new markets or partnering with entities that face different competitive pressures, geopolitical instability, or shifts in consumer behavior, increasing complexity in our business; • Cybersecurity & IP Vulnerabilities : Increased attack surface and potential leakage of sensitive customer data or proprietary technology during integration or partnership, damaging trust and incurring costs; • Divestiture Challenges : Difficulty in separating complex assets, retaining essential functions, or finding suitable buyers, potentially leading to stranded costs or operational inefficiencies post-separation; and • Counterparty & Partner Risk : Partners or acquired entities failing to meet obligations, leading to litigation, payment disputes, or undermining the strategic rationale of the transaction. Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with past or future acquisitions, divestitures and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions, divestitures or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities and harm our business generally. We rely on the performance of our employees and, if we are unable to retain, motivate or hire qualified personnel, our business would be harmed. Our performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of our employees. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. 13 Table of Contents Competition for well-qualified employees is intense in almost all categories, including for software engineers, product management personnel, development personnel, and other technology professionals, and in all geographies. If we do not succeed in attracting and retaining well-qualified employees, our business, our ability to execute and innovate, our competitive position, and results of operations would be adversely affected. The current labor market is highly competitive, and particularly so in high-demand specialties such as AI and machine learning disciplines, and our personnel expenses to attract and retain key talent may increase further, which may adversely affect our results of operations. Our employees in certain countries, primarily European, are represented by works councils, health and safety committees, and/or trade unions, which we collectively refer to as Employee Representative Bodies ("ERBs"). We are required to engage with our ERBs on certain matters such as restructurings, acquisitions and divestitures, and other matters that could impact our labor force. This engagement may include informing, consulting, or requesting consent or approval and ultimately may not result in terms satisfactory to us, which could result in increases in our cost of labor, diversion of management's attention away from operating our business, delays in certain initiatives, and exposure to claims and litigation. In addition, the contributions of Barry Diller, our Chairman and Senior Executive, and Ariane Gorin, our Chief Executive Officer, as well as other members of our travel leadership team are critical to the overall management of the Company. In recent years, we have experienced a number of leadership transitions, which can be difficult to manage, and may cause disruption to our business due to, among other things, diverting management's attention away from the Company's financial and operational goals. Expedia Group cannot ensure that it will be able to retain the services of Mr. Diller, Ms. Gorin or any other member of our senior management or key employees, the loss of whom could seriously harm our business. We do not maintain any key person life insurance policies. We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our strategic initiatives or our efforts to increase our operational efficiencies, which may adversely affect our business. In recent years, we have undertaken a number of significant, multi-year strategic initiatives to provide greater services and value to our travelers, suppliers and business partners. Some of our most significant initiatives are described above in Part I. Item 1. Business , under the caption “Market Opportunity and Business Strategy.” We may not realize the benefits we expect to achieve from these and our other strategic initiatives or our efforts may negatively impact our business and operations due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, unexpected delays, operational or technological challenges, or higher than expected costs or expenses. As a result, our business operations, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. We are exposed to various counterparty risks. We are exposed to the risk that various counterparties, including financial entities, will fail to perform. This creates risk in a number of areas, including with respect to our significant bank deposits and investments, foreign exchange risk management, insurance coverages, letters of credit, and for certain of our transactions, the receipt and holding of traveler payments and subsequent remittance of a portion of those payments to travel suppliers. Additional information regarding our cash, cash equivalents and investments is included below in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Financial Position, Liquidity and Capital Resources , and additional information about our foreign exchange risk management is included below in Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. If one or more of these counterparties were to liquidate, declare bankruptcy or otherwise fail to perform their obligations due to liquidity events or other unforeseen events, we may be exposed to significant financial losses. Specifically, a default by a financial institution counterparty could result in the loss of deposited cash, the inability to settle outstanding hedging contracts, or the inability to replace such hedging instruments on favorable terms. In addition, we face significant credit risk and potential payment delays with respect to non-financial contract counterparties including our B2B and Vrbo partners, which may be exacerbated by economic downturns. The realization of any of these risks could have an adverse impact on our business and financial performance. We have foreign exchange risk. We are a global company with transactions denominated in a variety of currencies and the reporting currency for our consolidated financial statements is the U.S. dollar. We therefore face exposure to movements in currency exchange rates (particularly those related to the Euro, British pound, Japanese yen, Australian dollar, Brazilian real and Canadian dollar currencies), which may negatively impact the value of our cash flows, monetary assets and liabilities. In particular, we face exposure related to fluctuations in accommodation revenue due to relative currency movements from the time of booking to the 14 Table of Contents time of stay as well as the impact of relative exchange rate movements on cross-border travel such as from Europe to the United States and the United States to Europe. Depending on the size of the exposures and the relative movements of exchange rates, if we choose not to hedge or fail to hedge effectively our exposure, we could experience a material adverse effect on our financial statements and financial condition. We make a number of estimates in conducting hedging activities including in some cases cancellations and payments in foreign currencies. In addition, an effective exchange rate hedging program is dependent upon effective systems, accurate and reliable data sources, controls and change management procedures. In the event our estimates differ significantly from actual results or if we fail to adopt effective hedging processes, we could experience greater volatility as a result of our hedging activities. Technology, Information Protection and Privacy Risks If we fail to adequately maintain or improve our information technology systems, or to adapt them to technological developments and industry trends such as the use of AI and machine learning, our business and operations could be adversely affected. We depend on the use of sophisticated information technologies and systems in many areas of our business including technology and systems used for website and mobile applications, reservations, customer service, supplier connectivity, marketing, communications, procurement, payments, tax collection and remittance, fraud detection and administration, which we must maintain and continuously improve and upgrade. Our future success depends on our ability to adapt our services and infrastructure to meet rapidly evolving consumer preferences and industry standards, while continuing to improve the performance, features and reliability of our service in response to competitive service and product offerings. AI, cloud computing, the continued growth of alternative platforms and mobile computing devices, the emergence of niche competitors who may be better able to utilize existing and new technologies to optimize their products, services or strategies have, and will continue to require, new and costly investments. Transitioning to these new technologies may be disruptive to resources and the services we provide and may increase our reliance on third party service providers. For example, beginning in 2020, we undertook in a multi-year effort to migrate products, data storage and processing, key portions of our consumer and affiliate sites, as well as back-office application functionality, to new technology platforms and significantly increase our utilization of public cloud computing services, primarily AWS. Innovations, implementations and system enhancements such as this have been in the past, and may continue to be in the future, more time consuming and expensive than originally anticipated and we may not achieve the expected benefits from any such initiatives, and as a result our business, including customer relationships, reputation and operations, could be materially adversely affected. Our use of AI technologies in our products, services and operations present significant risks that could materially harm our business, reputation and financial performance. We have incorporated third-party AI technology in certain of our products, services and business operations, and our research, development and deployment of AI technologies for internal productivity and customer or partner-facing initiatives remains ongoing. These efforts will continue to require significant investment and resources and present risks, challenges, and unintended consequences that could affect our and our customers’ adoption and use of this technology. While we aim to develop and deploy AI responsibly and attempt to identify and mitigate ethical and legal issues presented by its use, AI algorithms and training methodologies may be flawed and we may be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before they arise. AI-related issues, deficiencies and/or failures could give rise to legal and/or regulatory action as a result of new applications of existing data protection, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws, including with respect to proposed legislation regulating AI in jurisdictions in which we operate; damage our reputation; or otherwise materially harm our business . System interruption, security breaches and unplanned outages in our information systems, or those of third-party providers on which we rely, may harm our businesses. The risk of a cybersecurity-related attack by criminal organizations, hacktivists, foreign governments, and terrorists, is persistent. Due to the size and scale of our technology infrastructure and overall operations, vulnerabilities present within our systems may result in unauthorized access to confidential data including our own proprietary data, that of our partners or the personal data of our customers, including payment data. In addition, given the nature of our operations, consumer personal and payment data may also be accessed inappropriately within partner systems should those partners also experience a breach. We continue to encounter attempted external attacks in a variety of forms, including ransomware, account takeovers, phishing, disinformation, and denial of service attacks. Additionally, some actors are using AI technology to launch more sophisticated, automated, targeted and coordinated attacks, including phishing and account takeover attacks, that are more 15 Table of Contents difficult to detect. As these continue, there is a risk that successful attacks may cause a significant cybersecurity incident which impacts our critical operations, or those of our partners. Successful attacks have the potential to damage our reputation, increase costs, and result in regulatory scrutiny or fines. As we continue to migrate legacy systems to newer information technology systems, we increase the risk of system interruptions. We have experienced and may in the future experience system interruptions that make some or all of these systems unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders or providing services to third parties. Significant interruptions, outages or delays in our internal systems, or systems of third parties that we rely upon - including multiple co-location providers for data centers, cloud computing providers for application hosting, and network access providers - and network access, or deterioration in the performance of such systems, would impair our ability to process transactions, decrease our quality of service that we can offer to our customers, damage our reputation and brands, increase our costs and/or cause losses. We also face risks related to our ability to maintain data and hardware security with respect to remote working. No assurance can be given that our backup systems or contingency plans will sustain critical aspects of our operations or business processes in all circumstances. Although we have put measures in place to protect certain portions of our facilities and assets, any of these events could cause system interruption, delays and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from providing services to our travelers and/or third parties for a significant period of time. We process, store and use customer, supplier and employee personal, financial and other data, which subjects us to risks stemming from possible failure to comply with governmental regulation and other legal obligations, as well as litigation and reputational risks associated with the failure to protect such data from unauthorized use, theft or destruction. There are numerous laws regarding the storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure and protection of customer, partner and employee personal, financial, and other data, the scope of which is changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent between countries or conflict with other rules. We strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations, and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy and data protection. It is possible, however, that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or the practices of our businesses. Any failure or perceived failure by us, or our service providers, to comply with, privacy-related legal obligations or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized use, theft, or destruction of such data, may result in a material loss of revenues from the potential adverse impact to our reputation and brand, our ability to retain customers or attract new customers, and the potential disruption to our business and plans. The risk of a data incident due to cybersecurity-related privacy event remains persistent. In addition, such an event could result in violations of applicable U.S. and international laws, governmental enforcement actions and consumer or securities litigation. We are subject to privacy regulations, and compliance with these regulations could impose significant compliance burdens. The regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide is currently in flux and is likely to remain so for the foreseeable future. Practices regarding the collection, use, storage, transmission and security of personal information by companies operating over the internet have recently come under increased public scrutiny. Twenty U.S. states have passed comprehensive privacy legislation and several others are considering privacy legislation. In addition, the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, that went into effect in the European Union in May 2018, requires companies to implement and remain compliant with regulations regarding the handling of personal data. Enforcement of GDPR regulations, and fines for non-compliance, continue to increase and a significant number of additional jurisdictions have enacted similar privacy regulations. As additional jurisdictions continue to enact and update privacy regulations and laws, we will experience increased compliance costs and uncertainty as to how such laws will be interpreted. Although we have invested, and expect to continue to invest, significant resources to comply with other privacy laws and regulations globally, the number and variety of regulations combined with our multi-product, multi-brand, global businesses, could nevertheless result in compliance failures. Failure to meet any of the requirements of these laws and regulations could result in significant penalties or legal liability, strict enforcement obligations or data use restrictions, adverse publicity and/or damage to our reputation, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Legal and Regulatory Risks Our alternative accommodations business is subject to significant and evolving regulatory and legal risks, whic
[...TRUNCATED...]