TICKER=F|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/F_2026-02-11.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) and caused disruptions in our production operations, increases the risk of future production disruptions, and has increased and may further increase costs (e.g., premium freight and expedited shipping costs to make up for delays in component availability). Moreover, as the industry evolves, suppliers of traditional or EV-specific components may face financial distress or choose to exit certain lines of business, further narrowing our sourcing options and potentially leading to higher prices or supply shortages that could have a substantial adverse effect on our results of operations and reputation. Ford’s production, as well as Ford’s suppliers’ production, and/or the ability to deliver products to consumers could be disrupted by labor issues, public health issues, natural or man-made disasters, adverse effects of climate change, financial distress, production difficulties, capacity limitations, or other factors. A work stoppage or other limitation on production has occurred, and could in the future occur, at Ford’s facilities, at a facility in its supply chain, or at one of its logistics providers for any number of reasons, including as a result of labor issues, such as shortages of available employees, disputes under existing collective bargaining agreements with labor unions or in connection with negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements, absenteeism, public health issues (e.g., COVID), stay-at-home orders, or in response to potential restructuring actions (e.g., plant closures); as a result of supplier financial distress or other production constraints, such as limited quantities of components or raw materials, quality issues, capacity limitations, or other difficulties; as a result of a natural disaster (including climate-related physical risk); social unrest; cybersecurity incidents; or for other reasons. A suspension or substantial curtailment of our manufacturing operations could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The duration of a suspension of manufacturing operations and a return to our full production schedule will vary. Our Ford Blue, Ford Model e, and Ford Pro operations generally do not realize revenue while our manufacturing operations are suspended, but we continue to incur operating and non-operating expenses, resulting in a deterioration of our cash flow. Accordingly, any significant future disruption to our production schedule, regionally or globally, whether as a result of our own or a supplier’s suspension of operations, could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. Moreover, our supply and distribution chains may be disrupted by supplier or dealer bankruptcies or their permanent discontinuation of operations. In addition, broader changes in the supplier landscape, including supplier consolidation and suppliers’ decisions to no longer participate in a particular line of business, pose a risk of supply shortages and/or price increases. The limited availability of components, labor shortages, public health emergencies, and supplier operating issues have led to intermittent interruptions in our supply chain and an inconsistent production schedule at our facilities. This has exacerbated the disruption to our suppliers’ operations, which, in turn, has led to higher costs and production shortfalls. As a result of this disrupted production schedule, we have received and continue to receive claims from our supply base for reimbursement of costs beyond our original agreed terms. Upon receipt, we evaluate those claims, and, in certain circumstances, we have made payments to our suppliers, and this trend may continue. Given the worldwide scope of our supply chain and operations, we and our suppliers face a risk of disruption or operating inefficiencies that may increase costs due to the adverse physical effects of climate change, which are predicted to increase the frequency and severity of weather and other natural events, e.g., wildfires, extended droughts, flooding, and extreme temperatures. In addition, in the event a weather-related event, strike, international conflict, or other occurrence limits the ability of freight carriers to deliver components or other materials to us, or logistics providers are unable to transport our products for an extended period of time, it may increase our costs and delay or otherwise impact our production operations and customers’ ability to receive our products. Many components used in our products are available only from a single or limited number of suppliers and, therefore, cannot be re-sourced quickly or inexpensively to another supplier (due to long lead times, specialized tooling, rigorous validation requirements, and new contractual commitments that may be required by another supplier before ramping up to provide the components or materials, etc.). Such suppliers also could threaten to disrupt our production as leverage in negotiations. In addition, when we undertake a model changeover, significant downtime at one or more of our production facilities may be required, and our ability to return to full production may be delayed if we experience production difficulties at one of our facilities or a supplier’s facility. Moreover, as vehicles, components, and their integration become more complex, we may face an increased risk of a delay in production of new vehicles. Regardless of the cause, our ability to recoup lost production volume may be limited. Accordingly, as we have experienced in the past, and may again experience in the future, a significant disruption to our production schedule could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations and may impact our strategy to comply with fuel economy standards as discussed elsewhere herein. 20 Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) Ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of existing or pending strategic alliances, joint ventures, acquisitions, divestitures, commercial relationships, or business strategies or the benefits may take longer than expected to materialize. We have invested in, formed strategic alliances or entered into commercial relationships with, and announced or formed joint ventures with a number of companies, and we may expand those relationships or enter into similar relationships with additional companies. These initiatives typically involve enormous complexity, may require a significant amount of capital, and may involve a lengthy regulatory approval process. As a result, we may not be able to complete anticipated transactions, the anticipated benefits of these transactions may not be realized, or the benefits may be delayed. For example, we may not successfully integrate an alliance or joint venture with our operations, including the implementation of our controls, systems, procedures, and policies, we may be unable to retain key employees, or unforeseen expenses or liabilities may arise that were not discovered during due diligence prior to an investment or entry into a strategic alliance, or a misalignment of interests may develop between us and the other party. Further, to the extent we share ownership, control, or management with another party in a joint venture, our ability to influence the joint venture may be limited, and we may be unable to prevent misconduct or implement our compliance or internal control systems. Moreover, negative publicity, government investigations, or litigation involving a company with which we have a business or supply relationship, including licensing intellectual property, may have an adverse effect on our reputation. In order to secure critical materials to manufacture our products, we have entered into and may, in the future, enter into offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts with raw materials and other suppliers and make investments in certain raw material, battery, and suppliers; however, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these actions and our efforts to have our suppliers, particularly those in less developed markets, adopt Ford’s sustainability and other standards may be unsuccessful, which could have an adverse impact on our reputation and may expose us to litigation or investigations as a result of our relationships with such suppliers. In addition, the implementation of a new or different business strategy may not be successful or may lead to the disruption of our existing business operations, including distracting management from current operations. For example, the new battery energy storage business we announced in the fourth quarter of 2025 or our efforts to evaluate and implement alternative distribution models and channels for our products and services from those we have traditionally used may be challenged or may not succeed or be as successful as our historical arrangements. External factors may also impact the success of our initiatives. For example, our business and strategy are susceptible to tensions in U.S.-China relations and the rapid development of the Chinese electrified vehicle industry, with domestic Chinese producers exporting to some key markets in which we operate. In addition, as we implement our strategy to provide customers freedom of choice to select the powertrain that best suits their needs and maintain manufacturing flexibility to meet shifting customer demand, we have in the past taken, and may in the future take, actions such as adjusting our investments and spending, not fully utilizing or reducing the capacity of our existing or future plants, reducing production hours or shifts, cancelling programs or deciding to no longer produce vehicles already in production, or delaying vehicle and technology launches, and we have in the past and may in the future become subject to claims by suppliers or other parties, incur charges related to impairments, asset write-downs, or inventory adjustments, or lose or become obligated to repay government incentives as a result. For example, we have taken, and may in the future take, such actions to better match the pace of EV adoption, which has been lower than anticipated industrywide. Results of operations from new activities may be lower than anticipated or our existing activities, and, if a strategy is unsuccessful, we may not recoup our investments, which may be significant, in that strategy. Further, as our strategy evolves in an area, we may be unable to utilize or redeploy our existing assets or investments in that or other areas, which may lead to impairments and other cash and non-cash charges. Moreover, we have in the past incurred and may in the future incur charges and continue to have financial exposure following a change in strategy, a strategic divestiture, a cessation of operations in a market, or a decision to unwind an existing venture or relationship. For example, in December 2025, we announced our updated EV strategy, the expected disposition of our investment in BlueOval SK, LLC, and the charges we expected to record related to those items. Failure to successfully and timely realize the anticipated benefits of the transactions or strategies described herein could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of restructuring actions and such actions may cause Ford to incur significant charges, disrupt our operations, or harm our reputation. We continually review and evaluate our business to find opportunities to make our operations more efficient and reduce costs. In doing so, we have taken, and may in the future take, restructuring actions, such as strategic divestitures, unwinding an existing venture or relationship, or ceasing operations in a market, particularly for those businesses where a path to sustained profitability is not feasible in light of the capital allocation requirements or for other reasons. Our plans for implementing such actions may be accelerated by shifting industry dynamics and new entrants to our industries with which we must compete. These actions may include employee separations, a reduced footprint (e.g., plant closures or smaller operations at existing plants or plants that are not yet on-line), operating our plants at less than full capacity (e.g., reducing shifts), cancelling products or programs, or shifting our strategy for the deployment of technologies. Such restructuring actions have caused us and may in the future cause us to incur significant costs; record impairments or other charges; subject us to potential claims from employees, suppliers, dealers, other counterparties, or governmental authorities (including a reduction or clawback of 21 Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) incentives); disrupt our operations; distract management from current operations; or harm our reputation. Further, we may not realize the expected benefits of such restructuring actions (e.g., anticipated cost savings), such benefits may be delayed, or market dynamics or other factors may have evolved such that we cannot obtain the original intended results of an action. Failure to develop and deploy secure digital services that appeal to customers, retain existing subscribers, and grow our subscription rates could have a negative impact on Ford’s business. A growing part of our business involves connectivity, digital and physical services, and integrated software services, and we are devoting significant resources to develop this business. Further, we have announced our plans and expectations for integrated services to become a larger portion of our revenue and earnings by offering new and differentiated products, retaining existing subscribers, and growing subscription rates with new customers. If we do not develop, deliver, and make available standardized technologies that customers can easily adopt and use, fail to generate sufficient demand for our integrated software and digital services, or if customers do not opt to activate the modems in our vehicles, which would hinder our ability to offer and sell such services, we may not grow revenue in line with the costs we are investing or achieve profitability on our increasingly digitally-connected products. Shifting public policy regarding data privacy and the effects of artificial intelligence has caused and may in the future cause us to incur substantial costs to modify our operations or business practices, reduce consumers’ willingness to engage with our offerings, or cause delays or lapses in the availability of our products or services in various jurisdictions. We must convince prospective users of the benefits of our subscription services and our existing users of the continued value thereof. This depends in large part on our ability to offer exceptional services, competitive pricing, integrated functionality, and a satisfying user experience. Further discussion of risks associated with market acceptance of our services and the evolving regulatory landscape is provided elsewhere herein. We contract with third parties to offer digital content to customers and license technologies for use in our software and digital services. This includes the right to sell, or offer subscriptions to, third-party content, as well as the right to incorporate specific content into our own services; however, continuation of these third-party licensing and other arrangements, or their renewal on commercially reasonable terms, is not guaranteed or may be unavailable. Moreover, while we seek to grow our share of this business, third parties may be less inclined to continue developing or licensing software for Ford’s products or permit the Company to distribute their content, or such providers may offer competing products and services to the detriment of our business. If we are unable to offer integrated software applications and digital services on competitive terms, it may reduce customer demand or increase our costs to provide such applications and services, which we may be unable to pass on to customers. Alternatively, we may have to develop or license new content or technology to provide digital services, and there can be no assurance we would be able to develop or license such content or technology at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner, either of which could have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or reputation. Sophisticated software integration may have issues that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or other software products and services. In addition, the services we offer can have quality issues and may, from time to time, experience outages, service slowdowns, or errors. Moreover, the reliance of our services on cloud-based systems and other digital infrastructure owned by third parties creates particular risk. Any outage, misconfiguration, or loss of data within the systems or infrastructure of these third parties could impair the performance of our services from time to time. As a result, these services may not always perform as anticipated and may not meet customer expectations. There can be no assurance we will be able to detect and remedy all issues and defects in the hardware, software, and services we offer, or successfully deliver over-the-air (“OTA”) updates. Failure to do so on a timely basis could result in widespread technical and performance issues affecting our products and services. Further discussion of the risks associated with product defects, quality issues, or delays in product launches and availability is provided elsewhere herein. We continue to increase the number of BlueCruise (our hands-free highway driving system) enabled vehicles on the road and its growth and expansion remains an important part of our strategy. We also face substantial competition in that area. In addition, autonomous vehicle and driver assist technologies, including BlueCruise, continue to be scrutinized by government regulators and consumers, and actual or perceived failures or misuse of these technologies and features have led to government investigations and inquiries, including of Ford. Such negative publicity of our products or those of our competitors could undermine consumer trust and negatively impact our subscription rates. If we are unable to successfully develop and grow BlueCruise and other subscription services or build and maintain consumer trust in those offerings, we may be unable to recoup the investments we have made in those technologies and it could negatively impact our reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. 22 Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) While we continue to invest in direct-to-consumer sales methods for our connectivity, digital and physical services, and integrated software services offerings, we are dependent on the efforts of third-party dealers for the majority of our sales in this space. We have invested and will continue to invest in programs to enhance sales through dealers, including education programs for dealership employees on the benefits of our services offerings and developing and making available digital marketing assets to dealers. These efforts may require a substantial investment of time and capital while providing no assurance of incremental sales. The actions of end users are generally beyond our control and some users may engage in fraudulent or abusive activities that involve our digital services. These include unauthorized use of accounts through stolen credentials, failure to pay for services accessed, or other activities that violate our terms of service. While we have implemented security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our digital services and related information systems, malicious entities have and will continue to attempt to gain unauthorized access to them. If our efforts to detect such violations or our actions to control these types of fraud and abuse are not effective or timely, it may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or reputation. Further discussion of the risks associated with operational information systems and our cybersecurity posture is provided elsewhere herein. Ford’s ability to maintain a competitive cost structure could be affected by labor or other constraints. The vast majority of the hourly employees in our manufacturing operations in the United States and Canada are represented by unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements. These agreements provide guaranteed wage and benefit levels throughout the contract term and some degree of income security, subject to certain conditions. Our recent labor contracts, including those with the International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America (“UAW”) in the United States and Unifor in Canada, have resulted in significant cost increases. If we are unable to offset these costs, it could have a significant adverse effect on our business. Some of our competitors do not have such collective bargaining agreements and are not subject to the same constraints. Further, a substantial number of our employees in other regions are represented by unions or government councils, and legislation or custom promoting retention of manufacturing or other employment in the state, country, or region may constrain as a practical matter our ability to sell or close manufacturing or other facilities or increase the cost of doing so. These agreements in the United States, Canada, Europe, and other regions may restrict our ability to close plants and divest businesses. In addition, to the extent companies in our global supply chain that are not currently parties to collective bargaining agreements enter into such agreements or otherwise increase their employees’ wages and benefits, any increased costs incurred by those suppliers may, in turn, increase our costs. Ford’s ability to attract, develop, grow, support, and reward talent is critical to its success and competitiveness. Our success depends on our ability to continue to attract, develop, grow, support, and reward talented and diverse employees with domain expertise in engineering, software, technology, integrated services, supply chain, marketing, and finance, among other areas. While we have been successful in attracting talent in recent years, as with any company, the ability to continue to attract talent is important, particularly in growth areas vital to our success such as software, electrification and adjacent technologies, and integrated services. Competition for such talent is intense, which has led to an increase in compensation throughout a tight labor market, and, accordingly, may increase costs for companies. In addition to attracting talent, we must also retain the talent needed to deliver our business objectives. If we lose existing employees, are unable to attract talent with needed skills, or we are unable to develop existing employees, particularly with the introduction of new technologies and our focus on operational efficiency and quality, it could have a substantial adverse effect on our business. Operational information systems, security systems, products, and services could be affected by cybersecurity incidents, ransomware attacks, and other disruptions and impact Ford, Ford Credit, their suppliers, and dealers. We rely on information technology networks and information systems, including in-vehicle systems and mobile devices, some of which are managed by suppliers, some of which are provided by third-party service providers, and some of which ultimately rely on other services provided to these third parties by unaffiliated service providers, to process, transmit, and store electronic information that is important to the operation of our business, our vehicles, and the services we offer. Despite devoting significant resources to our cybersecurity program, we are at risk for interruptions, outages, and compromises of: (i) operational information systems (including business, financial, accounting, product development, consumer receivables, data processing, or manufacturing processes); (ii) facility security systems; and/or (iii) in-vehicle systems or mobile devices, whether caused by a ransomware or other cybersecurity incident, security breach, or other reason (e.g., a natural disaster, fire, acts of terrorism or war, or an overburdened infrastructure system). Additionally, any outage, security breach, misconfiguration, or loss of data within networks and systems managed by or reliant on the products and services of unaffiliated third parties could lead to similar compromises. Such incidents could materially disrupt operational information systems; result in loss or unwilling publication of trade secrets or other proprietary or competitively sensitive information; compromise the privacy of personal information of consumers, employees, or others; jeopardize the security of our facilities; disrupt or degrade service or our operations; affect the 23 Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) performance of in-vehicle systems or services we offer; and/or impact the safety of our vehicles. This risk exposure rises as we continue to develop and produce vehicles with increased connectivity. Moreover, we, our suppliers, service providers, and dealers have been the target of cybersecurity incidents and such threats are continuing and evolving, which may cause cybersecurity incidents to be more difficult to detect for periods of time. Our networks and in-vehicle systems, sharing similar architectures, could also be impacted by, or a cybersecurity incident may result from, the negligence or misconduct of insiders or third parties who have access to our networks and systems. We employ capabilities, processes, and other security measures we believe are reasonably designed to detect, reduce, and mitigate the risk of cybersecurity incidents, and have requirements for our suppliers and service providers to do the same; however, we may not be aware of all vulnerabilities or might not accurately assess the risks of incidents, and such preventative measures cannot provide absolute security and may not be sufficient in all circumstances or mitigate all potential risks, including potential production disruption or the loss or disclosure of sensitive information. Moreover, a cybersecurity incident could harm our reputation, cause customers to lose trust in our security measures, and/or subject us to regulatory actions or litigation, which may result in fines, penalties, judgments, or injunctions, and a cybersecurity incident involving us or one of our suppliers or service providers could impact our production, internal operations, business strategy, results of operations, financial condition, or our ability to deliver products and services to our customers . To facilitate access to the raw materials and other components necessary for the manufacture of electrified products, Ford has entered into and may, in the future, enter into multi-year commitments to raw material and other suppliers that subject Ford to risks associated with lower future demand for such items as well as costs that fluctuate and are difficult to accurately forecast. Our ability to manufacture electrified products is dependent upon the availability of raw materials and other components necessary for the production of batteries, e.g., lithium, cobalt, nickel. As described in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section in Item 7 below, and elsewhere herein, to facilitate our access to such raw materials, we have entered into and we may, in the future, enter into offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts. Such agreements obligate us, subject to certain conditions such as quality or minimum output, to purchase a certain percentage or minimum amount of output from raw material suppliers over an agreed upon period of time pursuant to agreed upon purchase price mechanisms that are typically based on the market price of the material at the time of delivery. Unlike our standard arrangements with suppliers, under multi-year offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts, the risks associated with lower-than-expected electrified vehicle production volumes or changes in battery technology that reduce the need for certain raw materials, batteries, or their components are borne by Ford rather than our suppliers. In the event we do not purchase the materials or components pursuant to the terms of these agreements, we may nevertheless be obligated to pay the purchase price or otherwise compensate the supplier in an amount determined by the contract or reimburse the supplier for costs or losses it incurs. We have incurred and we may continue to incur such charges. This may be the case even if the supplier finds another purchaser, as we may be responsible for the costs of finding the new purchaser as well as any lost revenue attributable to the replacement purchaser paying a lower price than required under the pricing mechanism in our agreement. As a result of the competition for and limited availability of the raw materials needed for our electrified vehicle business, the costs of such materials are difficult to accurately forecast as they may fluctuate during the term of the offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts based on market conditions. Accordingly, we may be subject to increases in the prices we pay for those raw materials, and our ability to recoup such costs through increased pricing to our customers may be limited. As a result, our margins, results of operations, financial condition, and reputation may be adversely impacted by commitments we make pursuant to offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts. Macroeconomic, Market, and Strategic Risks With a global footprint and supply chain, Ford’s results and operations have been and could continue to be adversely affected by economic or geopolitical developments, including protectionist trade policies such as tariffs, or other events. Because of the interconnectedness of the global economy, financial crises, economic downturns or recessions (including reduced consumer spending), pandemics, natural disasters, wars, social unrest, geopolitical crises, or other significant events in one market can have an immediate and material adverse impact on other markets where Ford operates. Unprecedented trade policy (including tariffs) in the United States and foreign governments’ reactions limit our ability to conduct effective long-term planning and make capital allocation decisions. The continued strain in U.S.-China relations presents unique risks to U.S. automakers, as does China’s unique regulatory landscape, the level of integration with key components in our global supply chain, the limited availability of various components and materials (including certain rare earth minerals and related products from China), and the rapid development of the Chinese EV industry, with Chinese electrified vehicle manufacturers exporting their products to some key markets in which we operate. 24 Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) Changes in international trade policy can also have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or our business in general. To the extent governments in various regions implement or intensify restrictions or barriers to trade, such as tariff or non-tariff barriers, export controls, currency manipulation, or policies that otherwise favor domestic companies, there can be a significant negative impact on manufacturers based in other markets. Steps taken by governments to implement local content requirements, restrict export and import activities, or apply or consider applying additional or new tariffs on automobiles, parts, and other products and materials have disrupted supply chains, imposed additional costs on our business, and led to other countries attempting to retaliate by imposing tariffs or other barriers, which make our products more expensive for customers, and, in turn, our products less competitive, and this trend may continue. Tariffs implemented to date in the United States and elsewhere have caused significant disruption, increased costs, and uncertainty in the automotive industry, including for Ford, other OEMs, suppliers, and dealers, as well as customers. Moreover, tariffs implemented or increased in the United States and elsewhere in the future may exacerbate these impacts. The U.S. government has implemented limited tariff relief for qualifying parties based on certain criteria, which could include prospective avoidance and retroactive relief through refunds. This relief is subject to periodic approval by the U.S. Department of Commerce and may be revised based on factors such as U.S. production and import content levels. Although we may be entitled to relief under these programs, and we may carry a receivable on our balance sheet reflecting tariffs paid but for which we expect, but have not yet received, refunds, the timing of our receipt of these amounts (and whether we will ultimately receive a refund) is uncertain and is subject to changes in trade policy. Accordingly, any delay in receiving the refunds could have a negative impact on our cash flow, and in the event we do not ultimately receive a refund, it could have an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. In addition, instability in the supply chain exacerbated by tariffs and other industry concerns, such as China’s restriction on the export of rare earth minerals and various components, has resulted in production disruptions and increased costs and heightens the risk of future production disruptions and further cost increases. Although there is uncertainty regarding the application, scope, and duration of tariffs, those that have been implemented have had a significant adverse effect, both operationally and financially, on the overall automotive industry, Ford, and our supply chain. Any additional tariffs or other measures that are implemented in the United States and any retaliatory tariffs or other measures or restrictions that are implemented by other governments, and the potential related market impacts, should they be sustained for an extended period of time, may have a significant adverse effect. With operations in various markets with volatile economic or political environments and our global supply chain and utilization of transportation routes and logistics providers around the world, we are exposed to heightened risks as a result of economic, geopolitical, or other events. This could include governmental takeover (i.e., nationalization) of our manufacturing facilities or intellectual property, restrictive exchange or import controls, changes to international trade agreements, disruption of operations as a result of systemic political or economic instability, social unrest, outbreak of war or expansion of hostilities, and acts of terrorism, each of which could impact our supply chain as well as our operations. These events could also have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or our business in general. Changes in trade policy may also restrict or limit the ability of logistics providers and customs brokers to process imports timely, which may delay or disrupt our operations and increase our costs. Further, the U.S. government, other governments, and international organizations could impose additional sanctions or export controls that could restrict us from doing business directly or indirectly in or with certain countries or parties, which could include affiliates, disrupt our supply chain and production, and potentially impact the repatriation of earnings. Ford’s new and existing products and digital, software, and physical services are subject to market acceptance and face significant competition from existing and new entrants in the automotive and digital and software services industries, and Ford’s reputation may be harmed based on positions it takes or if it is unable to achieve the initiatives it has announced. Although we conduct extensive market research before launching new or refreshed products and introducing new services, many factors both within and outside our control affect the success of new or existing products and services in the marketplace, and we may not be able to accurately predict or identify emerging trends or preferences or the success of new products or services in the market. It takes years to design and develop a new vehicle or change an existing vehicle. Because customers’ preferences may change quickly, our new and existing products may not generate sales in sufficient quantities and at costs low enough to be profitable and recoup investment costs. Offering products and services that customers want and value can mitigate the risks of increasing price competition, price sensitive customers, and declining demand, but products and services that are perceived to be less desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, styling, safety, overall value, fuel efficiency, or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks. For example, if we are unable to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors in a manner that appeals to customers, develop innovative new products and services, or sufficiently tailor our products and services to customers in other markets, there could be insufficient demand for our products and services, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Insufficient demand for our products may also result in higher inventory levels, which may lead to downward pricing pressure, or reduced 25 Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) manufacturing efficiencies, which may reduce margins. In the event of a shortage of available products, customers may elect to purchase from our competitors and may not return to Ford in the future. With increased consumer interconnectedness through the internet, social media, and other media, mere allegations relating to quality, safety, reliability, fuel efficiency, sustainability, corporate social responsibility, or other key attributes can negatively impact our reputation or market acceptance of our products or services, even where such allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded. Further, our ability to successfully grow through capacity expansion and investments in the areas of electrification, connectivity, digital and physical services, and software services depends on many factors, including advancements in technology, regulatory changes (e.g., new or revised government mandates and incentives), infrastructure development (e.g., a widespread vehicle charging network), and other factors that are difficult to predict, that have affected and may continue to affect significantly the future of electrified vehicles, autonomous and driver assistance technologies, digital and physical services, and software services. The automotive, software, and digital service businesses are very competitive and change rapidly. Traditional competitors are expanding their offerings, and new types of competitors (particularly in our areas of strength, e.g., pickup trucks, utilities, and commercial vehicles) that may possess superior technology, may have business models with certain aspects that are more efficient, are not subject to the same level of fixed costs as us, and/or have the support of domestic government mandates that advantage them and hinder our ability to compete, are entering the market. For example, Chinese electrified vehicle producers are exporting their products to some key markets in which we operate. This level of competition necessitates that we invest in and integrate emerging technologies into our business and increases the importance of our ability to anticipate, develop, and deliver products and services that customers desire on a timely basis, in quantities in line with demand, with the quality they expect, and at costs low enough to be profitable. Moreover, if we do not meet customer expectations for quickly and effectively addressing and remedying issues that may develop with or that improve our products and services, e.g., successfully delivering OTA updates, it would have an adverse effect on our business. Although we recently scaled back our EV investments to redeploy that capital to other areas of the business, we intend to continue making significant investments in electrification and software services. Our plans continue to include offering electrified versions of many of our vehicles as well as solely electric nameplates, although we have observed lower than initially anticipated industrywide EV adoption rates. Low EV adoption rates may persist, including as a result of the regulatory framework in various markets shifting away from supporting the adoption of electrified vehicles (as was the case in the United States in 2025); any negative perception of our electrified vehicles or EVs in general; an inability to or delay in developing or embracing new technologies or processes; or shifts in consumer preference. As a result, there has been, and could in the future be, an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Further, as discussed elsewhere herein, lower than planned market acceptance of our vehicles may impact our strategy to comply with fuel economy standards in certain markets. Ford is addressing its impact on climate change aligned with the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (Paris Agreement) by working to reduce our carbon footprint over time across our vehicles, operations, and supply chain. We have announced interim emissions targets approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (“SBTi”) and made other statements about similar initiatives. As we navigate a complex global environment and align with the normal SBTi five-year target review process, we are reassessing our near-term decarbonization strategy and putting great emphasis on public choice. Achievement of these initiatives will require significant investments and the implementation of new processes; however, there is no assurance that the desired outcomes will be achieved. To the extent we are unable to achieve these initiatives, it may harm our reputation or we may not otherwise receive the expected return on the investment. For example, we are exposed to reputational risk if we do not reduce vehicle CO 2 emissions in line with our targets or in compliance with applicable regulations. Further, our customers, investors, and other stakeholders evaluate how well we are progressing on our announced climate goals and aspirations, and if we are not on track to achieve those goals and aspirations on a timely basis, or if the expectations of our customers and investors change and we do not adequately address their expectations, our reputation could be impacted, and customers may choose to purchase the products and services of, investors may choose to invest in, and suppliers and vendors may choose to do business with other companies. Other parties may object to the positions we have or are perceived to have taken and may, in the future, take or be perceived to take on sustainability, social, or other issues, or in the event we change our position on such issues, which may result in a loss of customers, a boycott of our products or services, litigation, investigations, information requests, or other actions that may impact not only our brand and reputation but also our results of operations, financial condition, and the price of our Common Stock. Moreover, new offerings, including those related to electrified vehicles and autonomous driving technologies, may present technological challenges that could be costly to implement and overcome and have subjected us and may continue to subject us to customer claims, government investigations, and recalls of our vehicles if they do not operate as anticipated. In addition, since new technologies are subject to market acceptance, a malfunction involving any 26 Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) manufacturer’s vehicle using autonomous or driver assist technologies may negatively impact the perception of such technologies and erode customer trust. Ford may face increased price competition for its products and services, including pricing pressure resulting from industry excess capacity, currency fluctuations, competitive actions, legal and policy changes, or economic or other factors, particularly for electrified vehicles. The global automotive industry is intensely competitive, with installed manufacturing capacity generally exceeding current demand. Historically, industry overcapacity has resulted in many manufacturers offering marketing incentives on vehicles in an attempt to maintain and grow market share; these incentives historically have included a c
[...TRUNCATED...]