TICKER=FANG|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/FANG_2026-02-25.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The nature of our business activities subjects us to certain hazards and risks. The following is a summary of the material risks relating to our business activities. We could also face additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. If any of these risks actually occurs, it could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations and the trading price of our shares could decline. 21 Table of Contents The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results: Risks Related to the Oil and Natural Gas Industry and Our Business • Geopolitics and market conditions, and particularly volatility in prices for oil and natural gas, may adversely affect our revenue, cash flows, profitability, growth, production and the present value of our estimated reserves. • Our commodity price derivatives could result in financial losses, may fail to protect us from declines in commodity prices, prevent us from fully benefiting from commodity price increases and may expose us to other risks, including counterparty credit risk. • Changes in U.S. trade policy and the impact of tariffs may have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. • Risks relating to the transition to a low carbon economy could impose new costs on our operations that may have a material and adverse effect on us. • Changing political and social perspectives on climate change and other environmental, social and governance factors may create risks and uncertainties impacting our business. • Our targets related to sustainability and emissions reduction initiatives, including our public statements and disclosures regarding them, may expose us to numerous risks. • Our success depends on developing our existing leasehold acreage and finding, developing or acquiring additional reserves. • We may be unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms or at all to fund our acquisitions, exploration or development activities. • Our failure to successfully identify, complete and integrate pending and future acquisitions of properties or businesses could reduce our earnings. • Our identified potential drilling locations are susceptible to uncertainties that could materially alter the occurrence or timing of their drilling. • We may fail to meet our obligations to deliver specified quantities of oil under our oil purchase contracts. • The loss of one or more of our customers or their inability to meet their obligations may adversely affect our financial results. • Our method of accounting for investments in oil and natural gas properties may result in impairment of asset value. • Any material inaccuracies in reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves. • The standardized measure of our estimated proved reserves is not necessarily the same as the current market value of our estimated proved reserves. • We are vulnerable to risks associated with our primary operations concentrated in a single geographic area. • If transportation or other facilities, certain of which we do not control, or rigs, equipment, raw materials, supplies, oilfield services or personnel become unavailable or too costly, our operations could be interrupted and our revenues reduced. • Restrictions on our ability to obtain water and dispose of produced water, and additional monitoring and reporting requirements related to existing and new produced water disposal wells in the Permian Basin could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. • Our planned exploratory drilling in existing or emerging shale plays is subject to risks associated with drilling and completion techniques. • Our operations are subject to various governmental laws and regulations which require compliance that can be burdensome and expensive. • U.S. tax legislation may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. • We operate in areas of high industry activity, which may affect our ability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel needed to manage and operate our assets. • Operating hazards and uninsured risks may result in substantial losses and could prevent us from realizing profits. • We may not be able to keep pace with technological developments in our industry. • Our operations depend heavily on electrical power, internet and telecommunication infrastructure and information and computer systems. If any of these systems are compromised or unavailable, our business could be adversely affected. • Legal proceedings brought against us could result in substantial liabilities and materially and adversely impact our financial condition. • Failure to comply with cybersecurity and data privacy laws and regulations could have a material effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial loss. • Following the closing of the Endeavor Acquisition, the Endeavor equityholders have the ability to significantly influence our business, and their interest in our business may be different from that of other stockholders. 22 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Indebtedness • Our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our results of operations, business flexibility and our ability to service our debt. • A downgrade in our debt ratings could restrict our access to, and negatively impact the terms of, current or future financings or trade credit. Risks Related to Our Common Stock • The declaration of dividends and any repurchases of our common stock are each within the discretion of our board of directors, and there is no guarantee that we will pay any dividends on or repurchases of our common stock in the future or at levels anticipated by our stockholders. • A change of control could limit our use of net operating losses and certain other tax attributes. • We may issue preferred stock whose terms could adversely affect the voting power or value of our common stock. • Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law make it more difficult to effect a change in control of the company, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. • The provision of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws requiring exclusive venue in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware for certain types of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. Risks Related to the Oil and Natural Gas Industry and Our Business Geopolitics and market conditions for oil and natural gas, and particularly volatility in prices for oil and natural gas, have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, our revenue, cash flows, profitability, growth, production and the present value of our estimated reserves. Our revenues, operating results, profitability, future rate of growth and the carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties depend significantly upon the prevailing prices for oil and natural gas. Historically, oil and natural gas prices have been volatile and are subject to fluctuations in response to changes in supply and demand, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control, including the domestic and foreign supply of oil and natural gas; the level of prices and expectations about future prices of oil and natural gas; the level of global oil and natural gas exploration and production; the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and delivering oil and natural gas; the price and quantity of foreign imports; political and economic conditions in oil producing countries; regional conflicts and political instability; the continued threat of terrorism, including attacks targeting oil and gas facilities and the impact of military and other action; the ability of members of OPEC+ to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls; speculative trading in crude oil and natural gas derivative contracts; the level of consumer product demand; extreme weather conditions and other natural disasters; risks associated with operating drilling rigs; technological advances affecting energy consumption; the price and availability of alternative fuels; domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; global or national health concerns, including the outbreak of pandemic or contagious disease; the proximity, cost, availability and capacity of oil and natural gas pipelines and other transportation facilities; and overall domestic and global economic conditions. Our results of operations may also be adversely impacted by any future government rule, regulation or order that may impose production limits, as well as pipeline capacity and storage constraints, in the Permian Basin where we operate. These factors and the volatility of the energy markets make it extremely difficult to predict future oil and natural gas price movements with any certainty. From the beginning of 2023 through the end of 2025, WTI prices ranged from $55.27 to $93.68 per Bbl and the Henry Hub price of natural gas ranged from $1.58 to $5.29 per MMBtu. If the prices of oil and natural gas decline, our production, proved reserves and cash flows are likely to be adversely impacted. Our commodity price derivatives could result in financial losses, may fail to protect us from declines in commodity prices, prevent us from fully benefiting from commodity price increases and may expose us to other risks, including counterparty credit risk. We use commodity price derivatives, which have historically included swaps, basis swaps, swaptions, roll hedges, costless collars, puts and basis puts, to reduce price volatility associated with certain of our oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids sales. Currently, we have hedged a portion of our estimated 2026 and 2027 production. To the extent that the prices of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids remain at current levels or decline further, we may not be able to economically hedge additional future production at the same level as our current commodity price derivatives, and our results of operations and financial condition may be negatively impacted. While these commodity price derivatives are intended to mitigate risk from 23 Table of Contents commodity price volatility, we may be prevented from fully realizing the benefits of increases in the prices of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids above the price levels of the commodity price derivatives used to manage price risk. At settlement, market prices for commodities may exceed the contract prices in our commodity price derivatives agreements, resulting in our need to make significant cash payments to our counterparties. Further, by using commodity derivative instruments, we expose ourselves to credit risk if we are in a positive position at contract settlement and the counterparty fails to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. We do not require collateral from our counterparties. Additionally, U.S. and non‑U.S. derivatives reforms (including the Dodd‑Frank Act) impose clearing, margin and other requirements. While we do not expect material direct effects, our counterparties’ compliance could increase our hedging costs, limit instrument availability, and heighten counterparty credit exposure, leading to greater earnings and cash flow volatility. These regulations could also depress commodity prices, further reducing our revenues. For additional information regarding our outstanding derivative contracts as of December 31, 2025, see Note 12— Derivatives in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk —Commodity Price Risk of this report. Changes in U.S. trade policy and the impact of tariffs may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by uncertainty and changes in U.S. trade policies, including tariffs, trade agreements or other trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. or other governments. The recent uncertainty over such policies has caused substantial volatility in commodity, capital and financial markets, increased concerns over domestic and global inflation and adversely impacted consumer confidence in the U.S. and worldwide. Tariffs or other trade restrictions may lead to continuing uncertainty and volatility in U.S. and global financial and economic conditions and commodity markets, declining consumer confidence, significant inflation and diminished expectations for the economy, and ultimately reduced demand for oil and natural gas. Such conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows. Also, disruptions and volatility in the financial markets may lead to adverse changes in the availability, terms and cost of capital. Such adverse changes could increase our costs of capital and limit our access to external financing sources to fund acquisitions, repurchases of securities or other capital requirements. Changes in tariffs and trade restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice. The adoption and expansion of tariffs or other trade restrictions, increasing trade tensions, or other changes in governmental policies related to taxes and tariffs, are difficult to predict, which makes attendant risks difficult to anticipate and mitigate. If we are unable to navigate further changes in U.S. or international trade policy, it could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Risks relating to the transition to a low carbon economy could impose new costs on our operations that may have a material and adverse effect on us. Governmental and regulatory bodies, investors, consumers, industry and other stakeholders have evolving and varied views on climate change matters in recent years. Such views, together with changes in consumer and industrial/commercial behavior, preferences and attitudes with respect to the generation and consumption of energy, the use of hydrocarbons, and the use of products manufactured with, or powered by, hydrocarbons, may result in: (i) the enactment of new or evolving climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives by governments, investors, and other companies, including alternative energy or “zero carbon” requirements and fuel or energy conservation measures; (ii) technological advances with respect to the generation, transmission, storage and consumption of energy (including advances in battery technology); (iii) variability in demand from consumers and industry for energy sources other than oil and natural gas (including wind, solar, nuclear, and geothermal sources as well as electric vehicles); and (iv) development of, and variable demand from consumers and industry for, lower-emission products and services (including electric vehicles and renewable residential and commercial power supplies) as well as more efficient products and services. Any of these developments may reduce the demand for products manufactured with (or powered by) hydrocarbons and the demand for, and in turn the prices of, the oil and natural gas that we produce and sell, which would likely have a material adverse impact on us. If any of these developments reduce the desirability of participating in the oilfield services, midstream or downstream portions of the oil and gas industry, then these developments may also reduce the availability to us of necessary third-party services and facilities that we rely on, which could increase our operational costs and adversely affect 24 Table of Contents our ability to explore for, produce, transport and process oil and natural gas and successfully carry out our business and financial strategy. The enactment of climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives may also result in increases in our compliance costs and other operating costs and have other adverse effects, such as a greater potential for governmental investigations or litigation. For further discussion regarding the risks to us of climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives, please see the section entitled Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties—Regulation —Climate Change of this report. In addition to potentially reducing demand for our oil and natural gas and potentially reducing the availability of oilfield services and midstream and downstream customers, further regulatory or other climate change incentives, to the extent they continue, may create investment and reputational risks associated with the exploration for, and production of, hydrocarbons, which may adversely affect the availability and cost to us of capital. Certain stakeholders and capital providers may seek to restrict or seek to impose stringent conditions with respect to their investment in or financing of certain carbon intensive sectors, which could result in capital being unavailable to us, or only at significantly increased costs. Changing political and social perspectives on climate change and other environmental, social and governance factors may create risks and uncertainties impacting our business. We may not be able to meet evolving expectations of stakeholders, including governmental officials, standard setters, investors, employees, and customers, relating to climate change, human capital, and other ESG issues. For example, while some policymakers, including the European Union and the State of California, have adopted disclosure and other requirements relating to ESG matters, other policymakers have sought to constrain companies’ consideration of such matters. Further, shareholders have sought to effect changes to public companies’ businesses or governance to deal with climate change-related issues through shareholder proposals, public campaigns, proxy solicitations or other actions. Any such future actions may result in significant management distraction and potentially significant expense. Additionally, cities, counties, and other governmental entities in several states in the U.S. have filed lawsuits against energy companies seeking damages allegedly associated with climate change. Similar lawsuits may be filed in other jurisdictions. If any such lawsuits were to be filed against us, whether due to our activities or the activities of the acquired entities or operations prior to their acquisition by us, we could incur substantial legal defense costs and, if any such litigation were adversely determined, we could incur substantial damages. Any of these climate change-related litigation risks could result in unexpected costs, negative sentiments about our company, disruptions in our operations, and increases to our operating expenses, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our targets related to sustainability and emissions reduction initiatives, including our public statements and disclosures regarding them, may expose us to numerous risks. We have developed, and will continue to develop, targets related to our ESG initiatives, including our emissions reduction targets and strategy. Statements in this and other reports we file with the SEC and other public statements related to these initiatives reflect our current plans and expectations and are not a guarantee the targets will be achieved or achieved on the currently anticipated timeline. Our ability to achieve our ESG targets, including emissions reductions, is subject to numerous factors and conditions, some of which are outside of our control, and failure to achieve our announced targets or comply with ethical, environmental or other standards, including reporting standards, may expose us to government enforcement actions or private litigation and adversely impact our business. Further, our continuing efforts to research, establish, accomplish and accurately report on these targets may create additional operational risks and expenses and expose us to reputational, legal and other risks. Further, in response to the evolving regulatory environment and investor expectations, or due to our acquisitions of other companies or assets, we may, periodically, make adjustments to our environmental targets or goals. If we do not, or are perceived to not, adapt or comply with certain investor or stakeholder expectations and standards on ESG matters, we may suffer from reputational damage and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Any reputational damage associated with ESG factors may also adversely impact our ability to recruit and retain employees and customers. 25 Table of Contents Our success depends on developing our existing leasehold acreage and finding, developing or acquiring additional reserves. A significant portion of our net leasehold acreage is undeveloped, or acreage on which wells have not been drilled or completed to a point that would permit the production of commercial quantities of oil and natural gas regardless of whether such acreage contains proved reserves. In addition, many of our oil and natural gas leases require us to drill wells that are commercially productive and to maintain the production in paying quantities, and if we are unsuccessful in drilling such wells and maintaining such production, we could lose our rights under such leases. Our future oil and natural gas reserves and production and, therefore, our future cash flow and income are highly dependent on successfully developing our undeveloped leasehold acreage. Leases on oil and natural gas properties typically have a term of three to five years, after which they expire unless, prior to expiration, production in paying quantities is established within the spacing units covering the undeveloped acres. The cost to renew such leases may increase significantly, and we may not be able to renew such leases on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any reduction in our current drilling program, either through a reduction in capital expenditures or the unavailability of drilling rigs, could result in the loss of acreage through lease expirations. Any non-renewal or other loss of leases could materially and adversely affect the growth of our asset basis, cash flows and results of operations. We use 2-D and 3-D seismic data to identify the presence of oil and natural gas. Even when properly used and interpreted, 2-D and 3-D seismic data and visualization techniques are only tools used to assist geoscientists in identifying subsurface structures and hydrocarbon indicators and do not enable the interpreter to know whether hydrocarbons are, in fact, present in those structures. In addition, the use of 3-D seismic and other advanced technologies requires greater predrilling expenditures than traditional drilling strategies, and we could incur losses as a result of such expenditures. Additionally, our proved reserves will generally decline as reserves are depleted, except to the extent that we conduct successful exploration or development activities or acquire properties containing proved reserves, or both. To increase reserves and production, we undertake development, exploration and other replacement activities or use third parties to accomplish these activities. If we are unable to replace our current production, the value of our reserves will decrease, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. Our development and exploration operations and our ability to complete acquisitions require substantial capital and we may be unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms or at all, which could lead to a loss of properties and a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves. The oil and natural gas industry is capital intensive. We make and expect to continue to make substantial capital expenditures in our business and operations for the exploration for and development, production and acquisition of oil and natural gas reserves. In 2025, our total cash capital expenditures were approximately $3.5 billion. Our 2026 cash capital budget is currently estimated to be approximately $3.60 billion to $3.90 billion, representing an increase at the midpoint of 6% from our 2025 capital expenditures. We intend to finance our future capital expenditures with cash flow from operations, while future acquisitions may also be funded from operations as well as proceeds from offerings of our debt and equity securities and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. Our cash flow from operations and access to capital are subject to a number of variables, including our proved reserves; the volume of oil and natural gas we are able to produce from existing wells; the prices at which our oil and natural gas are sold; our ability to acquire, locate and produce economically new reserves; and our ability to borrow under our credit facility. We cannot assure you that our operations and other capital resources will provide cash in sufficient amounts to maintain planned or future levels of capital expenditures. Further, our actual capital expenditures in 2026 could exceed our capital expenditure budget. In the event our capital expenditure requirements at any time are greater than the amount of capital we have available, we could be required to seek additional sources of capital, which may include traditional reserve base borrowings, debt financing, joint venture partnerships, sales of assets, offerings of debt or equity securities or other means. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain debt or equity financing on terms favorable to us, or at all. If we are unable to fund our capital requirements or our costs of capital increase, we may be required to curtail our operations relating to the exploration and development of our prospects, which in turn could lead to a possible loss of properties and a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves, or we may be otherwise unable to implement our development plan, complete acquisitions or take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our production, revenues and results of operations. In addition, a delay in or the 26 Table of Contents failure to complete proposed or future infrastructure projects could delay or eliminate potential efficiencies and related cost savings. In addition, approximately 30% of our total estimated proved reserves as of December 31, 2025, were proved undeveloped reserves and may not be ultimately developed or produced. The reserve data included in the reserve reports of our independent petroleum engineers assume that substantial capital expenditures are required to develop such reserves. We cannot be certain that the estimated costs of the development of these reserves are accurate, that development will occur as scheduled or that the results of such development will be as estimated. Delays in the development of our reserves, increases in costs to drill and develop such reserves, or further decreases in commodity prices will reduce the future net revenues of our estimated proved undeveloped reserves and may result in some projects becoming uneconomical. In addition, delays in the development of reserves could force us to reclassify certain of our proved reserves as unproved reserves. Our failure to successfully identify, complete and integrate pending and future acquisitions of properties or businesses could reduce our earnings and slow our growth. There is intense competition for acquisition opportunities in our industry. The successful acquisition of producing properties requires an assessment of several factors, including recoverable reserves, future oil and natural gas prices and their applicable differentials, operating costs, and potential environmental and other liabilities. The accuracy of these assessments is inherently uncertain, and we may not be able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities. In connection with these assessments, we perform a review of the subject properties that we believe to be generally consistent with industry practices. Our review will not reveal all existing or potential problems, including title defects or environmental issues, nor will it permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the properties to assess fully their deficiencies and capabilities. Inspections may not always be performed on every well, and environmental problems, such as groundwater contamination, are not necessarily observable even when an inspection is undertaken. Environmental or other regulatory issues may arise with respect to acquired entities or operations years after the acquisitions. Even when problems are identified, the seller may be unwilling or unable to provide effective contractual protection against all or part of the problems. Even if we do identify attractive acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to complete the acquisition or do so on commercially acceptable terms. Competition for acquisitions may increase the cost of, or cause us to refrain from, completing acquisitions. Our ability to complete acquisitions is dependent upon, among other things, our ability to obtain debt and equity financing and, in some cases, regulatory approvals. If these acquisitions include geographic regions in which we do not currently operate, we could be subject to unforeseen operating difficulties and difficulties in coordinating geographically dispersed operations, personnel and facilities. In addition, if we enter into new geographic markets, we may be subject to additional and unfamiliar legal and regulatory requirements. Compliance with regulatory requirements may impose substantial additional obligations on us and our management, cause us to expend additional time and resources in compliance activities and increase our exposure to penalties or fines for non-compliance with such additional legal requirements. Further, the success of any completed acquisition will depend on our ability to integrate effectively the acquired business into our existing operations. The process of integrating acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our managerial and financial resources. In addition, possible future acquisitions may be larger and for purchase prices significantly higher than those paid for earlier acquisitions. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our financial position and results of operations may also fluctuate significantly from period to period, based on whether or not significant acquisitions are completed in particular periods. Our identified potential drilling locations, which are part of our anticipated future drilling plans, are susceptible to uncertainties that could materially alter the occurrence or timing of their drilling. Drilling for oil and natural gas often involves unprofitable efforts, not only from dry wells but also from wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient oil or natural gas to return a profit at then realized prices after deducting drilling, operating and other costs. As of December 31, 2025, we have approximately 8,854 gross (6,541 net) identified economic potential horizontal drilling locations in multiple horizons on our acreage at an assumed price of approximately $50.00 per Bbl WTI. As of December 31, 2025, only 1,351 of our gross identified economic potential horizontal drilling locations in which we have a working interest were attributed to proved reserves. These drilling locations, including those without proved undeveloped reserves, represent a significant part of our growth strategy. Our ability to drill and develop these locations depends on a number of uncertainties, including the availability of capital, construction of infrastructure, unusual or unexpected geological 27 Table of Contents formations, title problems, facility or equipment malfunctions, unexpected operational events, inclement weather, environmental and other regulatory requirements and approvals, oil and natural gas prices, costs, drilling results and the availability of water. Further, our identified potential drilling locations are in various stages of evaluation, ranging from locations that are ready to drill to locations that will require substantial additional interpretation. In addition, as of December 31, 2025, we have identified approximately 1,901 horizontal drilling locations in intervals in which we have drilled very few or no wells, which are necessarily more speculative and based on results from other operators whose acreage may not be consistent with ours. We cannot predict in advance of drilling and testing whether any particular drilling location will yield oil or natural gas in sufficient quantities to recover drilling or completion costs or to be economically viable. The use of technologies and the study of producing fields in the same area will not enable us to know conclusively prior to drilling whether oil or natural gas will be present or, if present, whether oil or natural gas will be present in sufficient quantities to be economically viable. Even if sufficient amounts of oil or natural gas exist, we may damage the potentially productive hydrocarbon bearing formation or experience mechanical difficulties while drilling or completing the well, possibly resulting in a reduction in production from the well or abandonment of the well. Through December 31, 2025, we are the operator of, have participated in, or have acquired working interest in a total of 6,677 horizontal producing wells completed on our acreage. We cannot assure you that the analogies we draw from available data from these or other wells, more fully explored locations or producing fields will be applicable to our drilling locations. Further, initial production rates reported by us or other operators in the Permian Basin may not be indicative of future or long-term production rates. Because of these uncertainties, we do not know if the potential drilling locations we have identified will ever be drilled or if we will be able to produce oil or natural gas from these or any other potential drilling locations. As such, our actual drilling activities may materially differ from those presently identified, which could adversely affect our business. We may fail to meet our obligations to deliver specified quantities of oil under our oil purchase contracts, which will result in deficiency payments to the counterparty and may have an adverse effect on our operations. We are a party to long-term crude oil agreements under which, subject to certain terms and conditions, we are obligated to deliver specified quantities of oil to our counterparties. Our maximum delivery obligation under these agreements varies for different periods and depends in some cases upon certain conditions beyond our control. If production from our Permian Basin acreage decreases due to reduced developmental activities, as a result of the low commodity price environment, production related difficulties or otherwise, we may be unable to meet our obligations under our oil purchase agreements, which may result in deficiency payments to certain counterparties or a default under such agreements and may have an adverse effect on our company. The loss of one or more of our customers or their inability to meet their obligations may adversely affect our financial results. In addition to credit risk related to receivables from commodity derivative contracts, our principal exposure to credit risk is through receivables from joint interest owners on properties we operate and receivables from purchasers of our oil and natural gas production. Joint interest receivables arise from billing entities that own partial interests in the wells we operate. These entities participate in our wells primarily based on their ownership in leases on which we wish to drill. We are generally unable to control which co-owners participate in our wells. We are also subject to credit risk due to the concentration of our oil and natural gas receivables with several significant customers. See Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties—Marketing and Customers of this report for additional information regarding these customers. This concentration of customers may impact our overall credit risk in that these entities may be similarly affected by any adverse changes in economic and other conditions. We do not require our customers to post collateral. Under certain circumstances, the amounts due to them can be offset by any unpaid receivables. The loss of one or more of these customers, our inability to sell our production to other customers on terms we consider acceptable, the inability or failure of our significant customers or joint working interest owners to meet their obligations to us or their insolvency or liquidation may materially adversely affect our financial results. Our method of accounting for investments in oil and natural gas properties may result in impairment of asset value. We account for our oil and natural gas producing activities using the full cost method of accounting. Accordingly, all costs incurred in the acquisition, exploration and development of proved oil and natural gas properties, including the costs of abandoned properties, dry holes, geophysical costs and annual lease rentals, are capitalized. We also capitalize direct operating costs for services performed with internally owned drilling and well servicing equipment. The net capitalized costs of proved oil and natural gas properties are subject to a full cost ceiling limitation in which the costs are not allowed to exceed their related estimated future net revenues discounted at 10%. To the extent capitalized costs of evaluated oil and natural gas properties, net of accumulated depreciation, depletion, amortization and impairment, 28 Table of Contents exceed the discounted future net revenues of proved oil and natural gas reserves, the excess capitalized costs are charged to expense. We use the unweighted arithmetic average first day of the month price for oil and natural gas for the 12-month period preceding the calculation date in estimating discounted future net revenues. An impairment on proved oil and natural gas properties of approximately $3.7 billion was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2025. No impairments were recorded on our proved oil and natural gas properties for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. See Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates —Oil and Natural Gas Accounting and Reserves of this report. If the prices of oil and natural gas decline, we may be required to further write-down the value of our oil and natural gas properties in the future, which could negatively affect our results of operations. Our estimated reserves and EURs are based on many assumptions that may turn out to be inaccurate. Any material inaccuracies in these reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves. Oil and natural gas reserve engineering is not an exact science and requires subjective estimates of underground accumulations of oil and natural gas and assumptions concerning future oil and natural gas prices, production levels, ultimate recoveries and operating and development costs. As a result, estimated quantities of proved reserves, projections of future production rates and the timing of development expenditures may be incorrect. The EURs for our horizontal wells are based on management’s internal estimates. Over time, we may make material changes to reserve estimates taking into account the results of actual drilling, testing and production. Also, certain assumptions regarding future oil and natural gas prices, production levels and operating and development costs may prove incorrect. Any significant variance from these assumptions to actual figures could greatly affect our estimates of reserves, the economically recoverable quantities of oil and natural gas attributable to any particular group of properties, the classifications of reserves based on risk of recovery and estimates of future net cash flows. A substantial portion of our reserve estimates are made without the benefit of a lengthy production history, and are less reliable than estimates based on a lengthy production history. Numerous changes over time to the assumptions on which our reserve estimates are based, as described above, often result in the actual quantities of oil and natural gas that we ultimately recover being different from our reserve estimates. Reserve estimates do not include any value for probable or possible reserves that may exist, nor do they include any value for unproved undeveloped acreage. The reserve estimates represent our net revenue interest in our properties. The timing of both our production and our incurrence of costs in connection with the development and production of oil and natural gas properties will affect the timing of actual future net cash flows from proved reserves. The standardized measure of our estimated proved reserves is not necessarily the same as the current market value of our estimated proved reserves. The present value of future net cash flows from our proved reserves or standardized measure may not represent the current market value of our estimated proved reserves. Actual future prices and costs may differ materially from those used in the net present value estimate, and future net present value estimates using then current prices and costs may be significantly less than current estimates. In addition, the 10% discount factor we use when calculating discounted future net cash flow for reporting requirements in compliance with the Financial Accounting Standard Board Codification 932, “Extractive Activities—Oil and Gas,” may not be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with us or the oil and natural gas industry in general. Our producing properties are located in the Permian Basin of West Texas, making us vulnerable to risks (including weather-related risks) associated with operating in a single geographic area. In addition, we have a large amount of proved reserves attributable to a small number of producing horizons within this area. Our producing properties are currently geographically concentrated in the Permian Basin of West Texas. As a result, we may be disproportionately exposed to the impact of regional supply and demand factors, delays or interruptions of production from wells in this area caused by governmental regulation, processing or transportation capacity constraints, availability of equipment, facilities, personnel or services market limitations or interruption of the processing or transportation of crude oil, natural gas or natural gas liquids, and extreme weather conditions and their adverse impact on production volumes, availability of electrical power, road accessibility and transportation facilities. Extreme regional weather events may occur that can affect our suppliers or customers, which could adversely affect us. For example, a significant hurricane or similar weather event could damage refining and other oil and natural gas-related facilities on the Gulf Coast of Texas and Louisiana, which (if significant enough) could limit the availability of gathering and transportation facilities across Texas and could then cause production in the Permian Basin (including potentially our 29 Table of Contents production) to be curtailed or shut in or (in the case of natural gas) flared. Climate change may also increase the frequency and severity of significant weather events over time. Further, any increase in flaring of our natural gas production due to weather-related events or otherwise could make it difficult for us to achieve our publicly-announced sustainability and emissions reduction targets, which could expose us to reputational risks and adversely impact our contractual and other business relationships. Any of the above-referenced events could have a material adverse effect on us and our production volumes (and therefore on our financial condition and results of operations). In addition, the effect of fluctuations on supply and demand may become more pronounced within specific geographic oil and natural gas producing areas such as the Permian Basin, which may cause these conditions to occur with greater frequency or magnify t
[...TRUNCATED...]