TICKER=FCX|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/FCX_2026-02-13.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors. This report contains forward-looking statements in which we discuss our potential future performance, operations and projects. Forward-looking statements are all statements other than statements of historical facts, such as plans, projections or expectations relating to business outlook, strategy, goals or targets; repair and remediation efforts, and phased restart and ramp-up of production and downstream processing following the September 2025 mud rush incident at PT Freeport Indonesia’s (PTFI) Grasberg Block Cave underground mine and the anticipated impact on 48 Table of Contents our business, production, sales, results of operations and operating plans, and recoveries under insurance policies; global market conditions, including trade policies; ore grades and milling rates; production and sales volumes; higher variability between PTFI production and sales; unit net cash costs (credits) and operating costs; capital expenditures; operating plans, including mine sequencing; cash flows; liquidity; potential extension of PTFI’s special mining business license (IUPK) beyond 2041; timing of shipments of inventoried production; our sustainability-related commitments and targets; our overarching commitment to deliver responsibly produced copper and molybdenum, including plans to implement, validate and maintain validation of our operating sites under specific frameworks; achievement of our 2030 climate targets and our 2050 net zero aspiration; improvements in operating procedures and technology innovations and applications; exploration efforts and results; development and production activities, rates and costs; future organic growth opportunities; tax rates; the impact of copper, gold and molybdenum price changes; the impact of deferred intercompany profits on earnings; mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates; final resolution of settlements associated with ongoing legal and environmental proceedings; debt repurchases; and the ongoing implementation of our financial policy and future returns to shareholders, including dividend payments (base or variable) and share repurchases. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. We caution readers that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially from those anticipated, expected, projected or assumed in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that can cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements are included below. Risk Factor Summary Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk and uncertainties. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the information included in other sections of this annual report on Form 10-K, including, but not limited to, Items 1. and 2. “Business and Properties,” Item 1C. “Cybersecurity,” Items 7. and 7A. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” (MD&A) and Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” prior to investing in our securities. If any of the following risks occur, they may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial performance, stock price, results of operations, operating flexibility, reputation, costs or liabilities and you could lose part or all of your investment. The summary and risks that follow are organized under headings as determined to be most applicable, but such risks also may be relevant to other headings. Moreover, the risk factors described herein are not all of the risks we may face and there may be other risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial or general risks that apply to all companies operating in the United States (U.S.) and globally, which may emerge or become material. Financial risks • Fluctuations or extended material declines in the market prices of the commodities we produce; • Fluctuations in price and availability of consumables and components we purchase as well as constraints on supply and logistics, and transportation services; • Less flexibility because of our debt and other financial commitments; • Changes in or failure to comply with financial assurance requirements relating to our mine closure reclamation obligations; • Unanticipated legal proceedings or negative developments in pending legal proceedings or other contingencies; and • Changes in and interpretations of tax laws and regulations. International risks • Geopolitical, economic, regulatory and social risks for our operations; and • PTFI’s failure to meet its commitments to achieve the extension of its IUPK. 49 Table of Contents Operational risks • Failure to achieve remediation activities, and the phased restart and ramp-up of the Grasberg Block Cave underground mine; • Operational risks inherent in our operations, including underground mining and the ability to smelt and refine; • Environmental, safety and engineering challenges and risks associated with management of waste rock and tailings; • Environmental challenges associated with our Indonesia operations; • Violence, civil and religious strife, and activism; • Availability of secure water supplies for our operations, including future expansions or development projects; • Disruptions, damage, failure and implementation and integration risks associated with information and operational technology systems; • Failure to successfully implement, advance or develop and risks associated with new technologies; and • Any major public health crisis. Human capital risks • Failure to maintain good relations with our workforce and labor disputes or labor unrest; and • Ability to recruit, retain, develop and advance qualified personnel. Risks related to development projects and mineral reserves • Inherent risks associated with development projects and unique risks associated with development of underground mining; • Ability to maintain or grow our mineral reserves; and • Inherent uncertainty associated with estimates of mineral reserves and mineral resources. Regulatory, environmental and social risks • Compliance with applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations; • Remediation of properties no longer in operation in the U.S.; • Ability to meet our energy requirements while complying with climate-related regulations and expectations and other energy transition policy changes; • The physical impacts of changing climate conditions on our operations, workforce, communities, biodiversity and ecosystems, supply chains and customers; • Scrutiny, action and evolving expectations from stakeholders and other third parties with respect to our sustainability-related practices, performance, commitments and disclosures; and • Failure or perceived failure to manage relationships with the communities and/or Indigenous Peoples where we operate or that are near our operations. Risks related to our common stock • Impact of our holding company structure on our ability to service debt, declare dividends, or repurchase shares and debt; and • Impact of anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law. Financial risks Fluctuations in the market prices of the commodities we produce have caused and may continue to cause significant volatility in our financial performance and in the trading prices of our common stock. Extended material declines in the market prices of such commodities could adversely affect our financial condition and operating plans. Our financial results are significantly influenced by and vary with fluctuations in the market prices of the commodities we produce, primarily copper and gold, and to a lesser extent molybdenum. Extended material declines in market prices of such commodities could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and the 50 Table of Contents value of our assets, may depress the price of our common stock, and may have a material adverse effect on our ability to comply with financial and other covenants in our debt agreements, service our debt and meet our other obligations. For further discussion regarding recent macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, see the risk factor below regarding the price and availability of consumables and components we purchase and constraints on supply and logistics, and transportation services. There has been a history of significant volatility in the commodities markets, including the copper market. Fluctuations in commodities prices are caused by varied and complex factors beyond our control, including global supply and demand impacted by industry production and inventory levels; global economic and political conditions (such as election results, level of economic growth, or recession and political or geopolitical tensions and conflicts); national and international regulatory, trade and/or tax policies, including tariffs and other controls or restrictions on imports and exports; commodities investment activity and speculation; interest rates; current inflation rates and expectations regarding future inflation rates; the strength of the U.S. dollar compared to foreign currencies; the price and availability of substitute products; and changes in technology. Volatility in global economic growth, particularly in developing economies, has the potential to affect adversely future demand and prices for commodities. Geopolitical uncertainty and protectionism can inhibit international trade and negatively impact business confidence, which creates the risk of constraints on our ability to deal in certain markets and has the potential to increase price volatility. For further discussion regarding the historical fluctuations of the prices of copper, gold and molybdenum, refer to “Markets” in MD&A. In addition to the factors discussed above, copper prices may be affected by demand from China, which is currently the largest consumer of refined copper in the world, including as a result of geopolitical uncertainty and tension between the U.S. and China as well as uncertainties about China’s economy. Copper demand and prices also may be affected by industry production, substitution and thrifting. The adoption and expansion of trade restrictions, or other governmental action related to tariffs and other controls on imports and exports or trade agreements or policies are difficult to predict and could adversely affect copper prices, demand for our products, our costs, our customers, our suppliers and the global economy, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. For further discussion, refer to “Markets” and “U.S. Tariffs” in MD&A. We believe long-term fundamentals for copper are favorable with growing demand supported by copper’s critical role in the global transition to renewable power, electric vehicles and other carbon-reduction initiatives, continued urbanization in developing countries, data centers and artificial intelligence (AI) developments and growing connectivity globally; however if these markets, industries and transitions do not develop as we expect, or develop more slowly than we expect, future demand and prices for copper may be negatively affected, impacting our business. Copper demand and prices also may be affected by inadequate investment in and limited production from existing copper mining operations (including due to limited or suspended operations), and copper demand globally, including the U.S., Europe and Asian countries other than China. Additional factors affecting gold prices may include purchases and sales of gold by governments and central banks, demand from China and India (two of the world’s largest consumers of gold), and global demand for jewelry containing gold. If market prices for the primary commodities we produce were to decline and remain low for a sustained period of time, we may have to revise our operating plans, including curtailing or modifying our mining and processing operations, as we have done in the past, and our cash flows, ability to return capital to shareholders and capital expenditure plans could be negatively affected. We may be unable to decrease our costs in an amount sufficient to offset reductions in revenues, in which case we may incur losses, and those losses may be material. Declines in prices of commodities we sell could also result in metals inventory adjustments and impairment charges for our long-lived assets. Fluctuations in the price and availability of consumables and components for key machines and equipment we purchase, and constraints on supply and logistics could affect our profitability and operating plans. Further, significant delays or increases in costs affecting transportation services may affect our business. Consumables and components for key machines and equipment we purchase are subject to price volatility caused by global economic factors that are beyond our control, including, but not limited to, supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, wage pressures, inflation and economic slowdown or recession, as well as fuel and energy costs (for example, the price of diesel), the impact of interruption by fire, energy supply shortages, industrial accidents, hostile acts, cybersecurity attacks, natural disasters or extreme weather events, major public health crises, geopolitical 51 Table of Contents tensions or conflicts (including trade policies such as tariffs and other controls on exports and imports), and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Prices of consumables used in our operations (such as natural gas, diesel, coal, other sources of energy, ammonium nitrate, chemical reagents, including sulfuric acid, and steel-related products), certain components, equipment, parts and other operating supplies and services can fluctuate in price, impacting the costs of production at our operations and the costs of development projects. We have experienced price volatility for certain consumables, which has impacted our operating results, and we may experience volatility in the price and availability of other consumables in the future. Significant volatility or further increases could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and could result in material changes to our operating plans or development projects. Ensuring continuity of supply of such consumables to our operations is critical to our business. We also rely on the availability of components from suppliers for key machines and equipment, which may be impacted by competition demands as well as the availability of input materials in the creation of such equipment. A supplier’s failure to supply consumables or components in a timely or cost-effective manner or to meet our specifications, or our inability to obtain alternative sources on a timely basis or on terms acceptable to us, could adversely affect our operations. Delays and logistical constraints may occur as a result of weather-related impacts, geopolitical tensions or conflicts (including trade policies such as tariffs and other controls on exports and imports), or violence, civil and religious strife, and activism at or near our operations or those of our suppliers, as described in the related risk factor below. Following any interruption to our business, we can require substantial recovery time, experience significant expenditures to resume operations, and lose significant revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Because we may rely on limited sources and long-lead times for consumables and components for key machines and equipment, a business interruption affecting or requiring such sources would exacerbate any negative consequences to us. Our business depends on timely inbound transportation of consumables and components we use and outbound transportation of the commodities we produce such as by truck, rail and ocean freight. Any significant increase in the cost of or significant delays in the transportation of consumables or components used in our operations or the commodities we produce, as a result of increases in fuel or labor costs, higher demand for logistics services, weather-related impacts (such as low water levels along shipping routes) or otherwise, could adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, if transportation service providers fail to deliver consumables or components used in our operations to us or the commodities we produce to our customers in a timely manner or at all, such failure could adversely impact our ability to meet our production schedules, delay our projects and capital initiatives, negatively affect our customer relationships and have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. Our debt and other financial commitments may limit our financial and operating flexibility. At December 31, 2025, our total consolidated debt was $9.4 billion, with $1.3 billion coming due in 2027 (see Note 6) and our total consolidated cash and cash equivalents was $3.8 billion. We also have various other financial commitments, including reclamation and environmental obligations, take-or-pay contracts and leases. Although we have been successful in servicing debt in the past, refinancing our bank facilities and issuing new debt securities in capital markets transactions at the parent and subsidiary levels, there can be no assurance that we can continue to do so, including on favorable terms. In addition, we may incur additional debt in future periods or reduce our holdings of cash and cash equivalents in connection with funding existing operations, capital expenditures, dividends, share or debt repurchases, or in pursuing other business opportunities. For further discussion, see the risk factors below relating to mine closure and reclamation regulations and the scrutiny and evolving expectations from stakeholders and other third parties, including creditors, with respect to our sustainability-related practices, performance and disclosures. Our level of indebtedness, restricted cash and other financial commitments could have important consequences to our business, including the following: • Limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the industry in which we operate; • Increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic, financial, industry and regulatory conditions; 52 Table of Contents • Limiting our ability to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate requirements and/or material contingencies, to engage in future development activities or other business opportunities, or to otherwise realize the value of our assets and opportunities fully because of the need to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our debt; • Requiring us to sell assets to reduce debt; or • Placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt and/or fewer financial commitments. Any failure to comply with the financial and/or other covenants in our debt agreements may result in an event of default that would allow the creditors to accelerate maturities of the related debt, which in turn may trigger cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions in other debt agreements. Our available cash and liquidity may not be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our debt instruments that may be accelerated upon an event of default. As of January 31, 2026, our senior unsecured debt was rated “Baa2” with a stable outlook by Moody’s Investors Service, “BBB” with a stable outlook by Fitch Ratings, and “BBB-” with a stable outlook by Standard & Poor’s. If we are unable to maintain our indebtedness and financial ratios at levels acceptable to these credit rating agencies, or should our business prospects deteriorate, our current credit ratings could be downgraded, which could adversely affect the value of our outstanding securities and existing debt, our ability to obtain new financing on favorable terms and could increase our borrowing costs. Changes in or the failure to comply with the requirements of mine closure and reclamation regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are required by U.S. federal and state laws and regulations to provide financial assurance sufficient to allow a third party to implement approved closure and reclamation plans for our mining properties if we are unable to do so. As of December 31, 2025, our financial assurance obligations totaled $2.2 billion for closure and reclamation costs of U.S. mining sites. We are also subject to financial assurance requirements in connection with our remaining oil and gas properties and certain of our previously sold oil and gas properties under both state and federal laws. Refer to Note 10 for further discussion regarding our financial assurance obligations and Items 1. and 2. “Business and Properties” for a discussion of certain of such U.S. federal and state laws and regulations applicable to us. Approximately half of our financial assurance obligations are satisfied by guarantees by us and certain of our subsidiaries. Our ability to continue to provide guarantees depends on state and other regulatory requirements, our financial performance and our financial condition. Other forms of assurance, such as letters of credit and surety bonds, are costly to provide and, depending on our financial condition and market conditions, may be difficult or impossible to obtain. Failure to provide or maintain the required financial assurance could result in the closure of the affected properties. Plans and provisions for mine closure, reclamation and remediation and oil and gas properties plugging and abandonment obligations may change over time as a result of changes in stakeholder and other third-party expectations, legislation, standards, and technical understanding and techniques, which may cause our actual costs of closure, reclamation and remediation and plugging and abandonment obligations to be higher than estimated for asset retirement obligations (AROs) and environmental obligations and could materially affect our financial position or results of operations. For example, our implementation of the Global Industry Standard for Tailings Management (the Tailings Standard) (refer to Items 1. and 2. “Business and Properties” for further discussion) has required changes to our closure and reclamation plans or modifications to previously completed reclamation actions. In addition, changes in precipitation patterns and other physical conditions could result in changes in our closure and reclamation plans to address such conditions, as well as associated financial assurance obligations, and may materially increase the actual costs associated with implementing such plans at any or all of our active or inactive mine sites or smelter sites. Refer to Notes 1 and 10 for further discussion of our environmental obligations and AROs. 53 Table of Contents Unanticipated legal proceedings or negative developments in pending legal proceedings or other contingencies could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. We are, and may in the future become, involved in various legal proceedings and subject to other contingencies that have arisen or may arise in the ordinary course of our business or are associated with environmental matters, including those described in Note 10, Items 1. and 2. “Business and Properties” and in Item 3. “Legal Proceedings.” For example, we are currently subject to a securities class action and a shareholder derivative lawsuit following the September 2025 mud rush incident. We are also involved periodically in other reviews, inquiries, investigations and proceedings initiated by or involving government agencies, some of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. For example, we have been cooperating with and responding to a subpoena from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and an information request from the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) related to our public disclosures about the engineering design and construction of PTFI’s smelter in Indonesia, which is also the subject matter in a separate whistleblower complaint from a former contractor that we are defending before the U.S. Department of Labor. We cannot predict the outcome of these investigations, and the outcome of any legal proceeding is inherently uncertain and adverse developments or outcomes could result in significant monetary damages, penalties, other sanctions or injunctive relief against us, limitations on our property rights, or regulatory interpretations that increase our operating costs, some of which may not be covered by insurance. Further, to the extent that societal pressures or political or other factors are involved, it is possible that liability could be imposed without regard to our causation of or contribution to the asserted damage, or to other mitigating factors. Management does not believe, based on currently available information, that the outcome of any individual legal proceeding currently pending will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, although individual or cumulative outcomes could be material to our operating results for a particular period, depending on the nature and magnitude of the outcome and the operating results for the period. Regardless of the merit of particular claims, defending against legal proceedings or responding to investigations can be expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to our operations and distracting to management. In recognition of these considerations, we may enter into agreements or other arrangements to settle legal proceedings and resolve such challenges. There can be no assurance such agreements can be obtained on acceptable terms or that legal proceedings will not occur. From time to time, we are involved in disputes over the allocation of environmental response costs and obligations at “Superfund” and other sites. We may be held responsible for the costs of addressing contamination at the site of current or former activities or at third-party sites or be held liable to third parties for exposure to hazardous substances should those be identified in the future. For further discussion of our environmental obligations, see the regulatory, environmental and social risks below. Further, we are a global business with operations in various jurisdictions. In the event of a dispute arising at our foreign operations, we may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of foreign courts or arbitral panels, or may not be successful in subjecting foreign persons to the jurisdiction of courts or arbitral panels in the U.S. or in enforcing the judgment of a foreign court or arbitral panel against a sovereign nation. Our inability to enforce our rights and the enforcement of rights on a prejudicial basis by foreign courts or arbitral panels, including against a sovereign nation, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. Changes in and interpretations of tax laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. As a global business, we are subject to income, royalty, transaction and other taxes in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. Uncertainties exist with respect to our tax liabilities, including those arising from changes in laws and regulations and interpretations of such laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business. Further, we have significant net operating losses (NOLs) in the U.S. generated in prior years, which we believe are available to offset future regular taxable income. However, changes in tax laws and regulations or interpretations of such laws and regulations may result in new limitations on our ability to benefit from our significant U.S. NOLs. We also are subject to regular review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, including with respect to our use of NOLs, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the tax amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period or periods for which such determination and settlement occurs. The provisions of the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Act), which became applicable to us on January 1, 2023, include, among other provisions, a new Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax (CAMT) of 15% on the adjusted 54 Table of Contents financial statement income of certain corporations. As discussed in Note 9, based on current guidance, we have determined that the provisions of the Act did not impact our financial results for the three years ended December 31, 2025, but the proposed and interim guidance released by the Internal Revenue Service relating to the calculation of the CAMT is not final and is subject to change. Additionally, on July 4, 2025, the President signed into law H.R.1 (also referred to as the One Big Beautiful Bill Act), which includes a broad range of tax reform provisions affecting businesses, including extending and modifying certain provisions of the Tax Cuts & Jobs Act of 2017. H.R.1 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial results for the year 2025. The aggregate impact of H.R.1, including how it will be interpreted and applied to us, remains uncertain. In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) published a framework for Pillar Two of the Global Anti-Base Erosion Rules, which was designed to coordinate participating jurisdictions in updating the international tax system to ensure that large multinational companies pay a 15% minimum level of income tax. In January 2026, the OECD published additional guidance on the framework, including safe harbor provisions that would minimize or eliminate application of the 15% global minimum income tax on domestic operations of U.S.-parent multinational companies. Recommendations from the OECD regarding the 15% global minimum income tax, the safe harbor provisions and other changes are being considered and/or implemented in jurisdictions where we operate. The adoption and effective dates for such tax changes may vary by jurisdiction, could increase tax complexity and uncertainty, and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes. At current metals market prices, we do not expect enactment of the recommended framework in jurisdictions where we operate to materially impact our financial results for 2026. However, additional changes to these tax laws and regulations, including as a result of new guidance and interpretations, may occur and such changes could adversely affect our tax liability. International risks Our operations are subject to evolving geopolitical, economic, regulatory and social risks. We are a U.S.-based metals company with substantial assets located outside of the U.S. Risks of conducting business in the countries where we operate or do business can include: • Delays in obtaining or renewing, or the inability to obtain, maintain or renew, or the renegotiation, cancellation, revocation or forced modification (including the inherent risk of these actions being taken unilaterally by a foreign government or government owned entity) of contracts, leases, licenses, permits, easements, rights-of-way, stability agreements or other agreements and/or approvals; • Expropriation or nationalization of property, protectionism, or restrictions on repatriation of earnings or capital; • Changes in and differing interpretations of the host country’s laws, regulations and policies (which may be applied retroactively), including, but not limited to, those relating to labor, taxation, royalties, duties, tariffs, licenses, divestment, imports, exports (including restrictions on the export of copper concentrates and anode slimes, copper and/or gold), trade laws and regulations, immigration, currency, human rights and environmental matters (including land use and water use and, in some cases, consent), additional requirements on foreign operations and investment, and/or fines, fees and sanctions, criminal liability and other penalties imposed for failure to comply with the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate, the risk of any of which may increase with rising “resource nationalism” in countries around the world; • Geopolitical tensions, conflicts and events, social and economic instability, bribery, extortion, corruption, civil unrest, blockades, acts of war or other military conflicts, guerrilla activities, insurrection and terrorism, certain of which may result in, among other things, an inability to access our property or transport our commodities; • Risk of loss associated with illegal activity, including trespass, illegal mining, theft (including piracy), sabotage (including of critical infrastructure) and vandalism; • Changes in U.S. trade, tariff and other controls on imports and exports, tax, immigration or other policies that may impact relations with foreign countries or result in retaliatory policies; 55 Table of Contents • Increases in training and other costs and challenges relating to requirements to employ nationals of a country in which a particular operation is located; • Foreign exchange controls and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; and • Reduced protection for intellectual property rights. Accordingly, our activities in and outside of the U.S. may be substantially affected by many external factors beyond our control, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and trading price of our common stock. We are required to comply with a wide range of laws and regulations in the countries where we operate or do business. For example, our international operations must comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws of the other jurisdictions in which we operate. We are investigating whether activities of PT Smelting may have violated aspects of the FCPA or other laws, including laws of non-U.S. jurisdictions. PT Smelting is an Indonesian joint venture between PTFI and Mitsubishi Materials Corporation (MMC), and an affiliate of MMC serves as operator of PT Smelting (see Note 2). As previously reported, we voluntarily notified the SEC and DOJ that we engaged outside counsel to conduct the investigation of PT Smelting’s activities. Any determination that operations or activities are not in compliance with existing laws, including the FCPA, could result in the imposition of fines, penalties and equitable remedies. We cannot currently predict the outcome of our investigation. We operate in jurisdictions that have experienced public and private sector corruption and where significant anti-corruption enforcement activities, prosecutions and settlements have occurred. We have a large number of contracts with local and foreign business partners, including suppliers and contractors, who may take action contrary to or fail to adopt standards, controls and procedures, including health, safety, environmental, human rights and community standards that are equivalent to our standards, controls and procedures. There can be no assurance that our policies, procedures and internal controls will protect us from misinterpretation of or noncompliance with applicable laws and internal policies, recklessness, fraudulent behavior, dishonesty or other inappropriate acts committed by our affiliates, employees, contractors or other business partners. As such, our policies, procedures and internal controls may not prevent or detect all potential breaches of law or governance practices. Any breaches could result in safety events that may result in injuries or fatalities; significant criminal or civil fines, penalties, litigation or regulatory action or inquiries or other enforcement actions; shareholder or other stakeholder activism (such as to stop using a certain business partner); civil unrest or other adverse impacts on human rights; termination of contracts; loss of operating licenses or permits; and damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, our insurance does not cover most losses caused by the risks described above. For example, we do not maintain political risk insurance. We conduct international operations and exploration activities in Indonesia, Peru and Chile as well as other foreign jurisdictions. Accordingly, in addition to the usual risks associated with conducting business in countries outside the U.S., our business may be adversely affected by political, economic, social and regional uncertainties in each of these countries. Other risks specific to certain countries in which we operate are discussed in more detail below. Because our operations in Indonesia are material to our business, our business may be adversely affected by political, economic, regulatory and social uncertainties in Indonesia. Maintaining a good working relationship with the Indonesia government, PT Mineral Industri Indonesia (MIND ID), an Indonesia state-owned enterprise and shareholder in PTFI, and the local population, is important because of the significance of our Indonesia operations to our business, and because our operations there are among Indonesia’s most significant business enterprises. Partially because of the Grasberg minerals district’s significance to Indonesia’s economy (including the downstream operations), the environmentally sensitive area where it is located, and the number of local people employed, our Indonesia operations have been the subject of political debates and criticism in the Indonesia press and have been the target of protests and occasional violence. Improper management of our working relationship with the Indonesia government, MIND ID or the local population could lead to a disruption of operations and/or impact our reputation in Indonesia and in the region where we operate, which could adversely affect our business. 56 Table of Contents The mining industry is subject to extensive regulation within Indonesia, and there have been major developments in laws and regulations applicable to mining concession holders, some of which have conflicted with PTFI’s contractual rights and may conflict with PTFI’s contractual rights in the future. For example, in 2009, the Indonesia government enacted a mining law that sought to modify PTFI’s former contract of work, certain provisions of which were not required under or conflicted with PTFI’s former contract of work. In December 2018, PTFI was granted an IUPK to replace its former contract of work, enabling PTFI to conduct operations in the Grasberg minerals district through 2041, subject to certain requirements. Refer to Note 11 for a summary of the IUPK’s key fiscal terms and requirement to develop additional smelting and refining capacity. Pursuant to regulations issued during 2024, PTFI is eligible to apply for an extension of its mining rights beyond 2041, provided certain conditions are met. Refer to Note 10 for a summary of such conditions and the risk factor below relating to potential extension. Since 2019, the Indonesia government has enacted various laws and regulations related to downstream processing of various products. Refer to “Operations – Indonesia” in MD&A and Notes 10 and 11 for a discussion of Indonesia regulatory matters, including those related to export licenses, export duties, export proceeds, smelter assurance bonds and PTFI’s new smelter and precious metals refinery (PMR) (collectively, PTFI’s downstream processing facilities) in Eastern Java, Indonesia. With the completion of its downstream processing facilities, PTFI is a fully integrated producer of refined copper and gold. Following the September 2025 mud rush incident, smelting operations in Indonesia at both PTFI’s smelter and PT Smelting were temporarily suspended during fourth-quarter 2025 as a result of limited copper concentrate availability. PT Smelting restarted operations in late December 2025 and is expected to operate at reduced rates pending the anticipated second-quarter 2026 restart of mining at the Grasberg Block Cave underground mine. Shipments to PTFI’s smelter are expected to recommence in the second half of 2026, pending the successful ramp up of mining operations. We expect higher variability between PTFI’s production and sales until its downstream processing facilities achieve normalized operating rates. Following the expiration of its export license on September 16, 2025, PTFI expects all of its concentrate to be processed by its downstream processing facilities and does not have export licenses for copper concentrate or anode slimes. As such, if the downstream processing facilities are not operational when copper concentrate is available, PTFI could be required to reduce production levels or be subject to increased costs, which could adversely impact our revenues and operations. Political considerations and administrative changes resulting from elections, including Indonesia’s most recent national legislative and presidential elections held in 2024 and future elections, could affect, among other things, national and local policies pertaining to foreign investment, permitting and export restrictions, which could adversely affect our Indonesia operations. In 2023, the Indonesia government issued a regulation that required 30% of PTFI’s gross export proceeds to be temporarily deposited into Indonesia banks for a period of 90 days before withdrawal. Effective March 1, 2025, the Indonesia government implemented a new regulation (March 2025 Regulation) for export proceeds that requires 100% of PTFI’s export proceeds to be deposited into Indonesia banks for 12 months. The March 2025 Regulation allows the use of funds for ongoing business requirements, including dividends to shareholders, payment of taxes and other obligations to the Indonesia government, payment for materials or capital expenditures that are not available domestically and repayment of loans. The Indonesia government is considering additional changes to the March 2025 Regulation; however, the details of the modifications have not been finalized. Refer to Note 10 for further discussion of the March 2025 Regulation. There can be no assurance that future regulatory changes affecting the mining industry in Indonesia will not be introduced or unexpectedly repealed, or that new interpretations of existing laws and regulations will not be issued, any of which may conflict with PTFI’s contractual rights, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 57 Table of Contents PTFI will not mine all of the mineral reserves in the Grasberg minerals district before the initial term of its IUPK expires in 2031. PTFI’s IUPK may not be extended through 2041 if it fails to abide by its terms and conditions and applicable laws and regulations. Under the terms of its IUPK, PTFI has been granted mining rights through 2031, with rights to extend its mining rights through 2041, subject to certain terms and conditions. Refer to Note 11 for a summary of the IUPK’s key fiscal terms. Our proven and probable mineral reserves in Indonesia reflect estimates of minerals that can be recovered through the end of 2041, and PTFI’s current long-term mine plan and planned operations are based on the assumption that PTFI will abide by the terms and conditions of the IUPK and will be granted the 10-year extension from 2031 through 2041. As a result, PTFI will not mine all of these mineral reserves during the initial term of the IUPK. Prior to the end of 2031, we expect to mine 34% of aggregate proven and probable recoverable mineral reserves at December 31, 2025, representing 38% of FCX’s net equity share of recoverable copper reserves in Indonesia and 36% of FCX’s net equity share of recoverable gold reserves in Indonesia. If PTFI does not fulfill its defined fiscal and other obligations to the Indonesia government as set forth in the IUPK, the IUPK may not be extended from 2031 through 2041, and PTFI would be unable to mine all of its proven and probable mineral reserves in the Grasberg minerals district, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial position. With the completion of PTFI’s downstream processing facilities during 2025, FCX and PTFI have advanced discussions with the Indonesia government for a long-term extension of PTFI’s operating rights beyond the current expiration in 2041. PTFI is preparing its application for a long-term extension exp
[...TRUNCATED...]