TICKER=FDS|YEAR=2025|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2025/FDS_2025-10-22.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and, as a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. Due to risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, our past financial results may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. Investors should also refer to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s and our Consolidated Financial Statements including the related Notes. Investors should carefully consider all risks, including those disclosed here, before making an investment decision. Cybersecurity, Technology and Data Security Risks Unauthorized access to confidential data including client data, other cyber-attacks, and the failure of our cyber-security systems and procedures Many of our products, as well as our internal systems and processes, involve the collection, retrieval, processing, storage and transmission of our own, as well as supplier and client, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data through a variety of media channels. We rely on, and continuously invest in, internal processes, controls, policies, procedures and employee training programs designed to protect confidential data received in the ordinary course of business, including information from client portfolios and strategies. However, these measures do not guarantee security, and improper access to or release of confidential information may still occur—whether due to employee error or malfeasance, system error, inadvertent release, failure to properly purge or protect data, or through cyber-attacks. Our size, scale and role in the financial markets increases our risk for cyber-attacks and our exposure to other cyber-security risks. We use third-party service providers for certain critical functions. We and our third-party service providers are subject to the risks of system failures, security breaches and cyber-attacks, such as those sponsored by nation-states, terrorist organizations, or global corporations seeking to illicitly obtain technology or other intellectual property, including through the use of generative AI, agentic AI, phishing scams, hacking, viruses, denial of service attacks, tampering, intrusions, physical break-ins, ransomware and malware, employee errors or malfeasance. Cyber-security risks also may be derived from fraud or malice on the part of our employees or third-party service providers, or may result from human error, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures or other technological failures. Our and our vendors' use of mobile and cloud technologies may increase our risk for such threats. Our protective systems and procedures and those of third parties to which we are connected, such as cloud computing providers, may not be effective against these threats. In addition, failure by our clients or third-party service providers to notify us of system failures or security breaches in a timely manner could lead to unauthorized access to our systems and data, resulting in adverse effects on our business, operating results or financial condition. We also make acquisitions periodically. While significant effort is placed on addressing information technology security issues with respect to the companies we acquire, we may inherit such risks when these acquisitions are integrated into our infrastructure. Although we conduct due diligence during acquisition processes, acquired businesses may not have invested as heavily in security measures and technology, and this may introduce additional security risk. While we have dedicated resources responsible for maintaining appropriate levels of cybersecurity, and implemented systems and processes intended to help identify cyberattacks and protect and remediate our network infrastructure, we may not be able to anticipate, prevent or detect all such attacks. As these threats continually evolve, we are required to devote additional resources and investment to modify or enhance our systems and processes, including patch and vulnerability management, which we may not be able to do in a timely or complete manner, or without adversely impacting our business, financial condition or results of operations. We make a range of commitments to our clients regarding our security practices, processes and security posture. If we do not adequately implement and enforce these security practices to the satisfaction of our clients, we could be in violation of our commitments to our clients. Cyberattacks, security breaches or third-party reports of perceived security vulnerability to our systems, even if no breach has occurred, also could damage our brand and reputation, result in litigation, regulatory actions, loss of client confidence and increased legal liability. While we maintain insurance coverage that is intended to address certain aspects of cybersecurity and data protection risks, such coverage may not include, or may not be sufficient to cover, all or the majority of the costs, losses or types of claims. 14 Table of Contents A prolonged or recurring outage and other business continuity disruptions could result in a reduced or total loss of service; the loss of clients and adverse impact on our reputation Our clients rely on us for the delivery of time-sensitive, accurate, complete and up-to-date data and applications. Our business is dependent on our ability to process substantial volumes of data and transactions rapidly and efficiently on our computer-based networks, database storage facilities, and other network infrastructure, which are located across multiple facilities globally. If we experience significant growth of our client base, increases in the number of products or services we offer, or increases in the speed at which we are required to provide products and services, it may strain our systems. Additionally, our systems and networks may become strained due to aging or end-of-life technology that we have not yet updated or replaced. Our computer operations, as well as our other business centers, and those of our suppliers and clients, may be vulnerable to interruption by fire, natural disaster, public health crisis (e.g., pandemics), extreme weather or climate conditions, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war or civil unrest, internet failures, computer viruses, security breaches, employee or systems errors, and other events beyond our reasonable control. In addition, in remote work environments, the daily activities and productivity of our workforce is now more closely tied to key vendors consistently delivering their services without material disruption. Our ability to deliver information using the internet and to operate in a remote working environment may be impaired because of infrastructure failures, service outages at third-party internet providers, malicious attacks, or other factors. We also currently use multiple providers of cloud services; however, one supplier provides the majority of our cloud computing support. While we believe this provider to be reliable, we have limited control over its performance, and a disruption or loss of service from this provider could impair our system's operation and our ability to operate for a period of time. We maintain back-up facilities and certain other redundancies for each of our data centers to minimize the risk that any event will disrupt those operations, but if we were to suffer such an event it may mean we are unable to provide our service for a prolonged period of time, and our IT disaster recovery processes may not be adequate. From time to time we have experienced outages across certain of our products and service providers, and we may still experience outages or other disruptions in the future, and such outages or disruptions may have a material adverse effect on the Company. We are currently implementing a multi-year project to enhance our information technology disaster recovery processes with modernized tooling and automation to maximize resiliency and minimize recovery time in the event of a service disruption. However, a loss of our services involving our significant facilities may materially disrupt our business and may induce our clients to seek alternative data suppliers. Any such losses or damages we incur could have a material adverse effect on our business. Although we seek to minimize these risks through security measures, controls, back-up data centers, emergency planning and disaster recovery processes, there can be no assurance that such efforts will be successful or effective. Additionally, we may face significant increases in our use of power and data storage and may experience a shortage of capacity and increased costs associated with such usage. Transition to new technologies, applications and processes could expose us to unanticipated disruptions or impacts The technology landscape is constantly evolving. To remain competitive, we must invest, adapt and migrate to new technologies, applications and processes, including the evolving use of AI technology and agentic AI (see " Our use of AI technologies may not be successful and may present business, compliance, and reputational risks " below for further discussion). Use of more advanced technologies and infrastructure is critical to the development of our products and services, the scaling of our business for future growth, and the accurate maintenance of our data and operations. The implementation of new technologies and infrastructure, such as migration to new cloud-based systems and increased utilization of AI internally and in our products and services, is complex and can involve substantial expenditures, as well as, risks inherent in the conversion to any new system, including potential loss of information and disruption to operations. Use of open source software could introduce security vulnerabilities, impose unanticipated restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products and services, and subject us to increased costs We use open source code in our software development and incorporate it into our products and internal systems. The use of open source code may entail greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software. Open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality or security of the code. Some open source licenses provide that if we combine our proprietary applications with the open source software in a certain manner, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary applications to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar products with less development effort and time and ultimately put us at a competitive disadvantage. We have implemented procedures to control the use of open source code so as to mitigate this risk; however, the terms of many open source licenses are also ambiguous and have not been interpreted by U.S. or other courts. Therefore, there 15 Table of Contents is a risk that our internal procedures controlling the use of open source code could fail, or that the licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on us. If any of this were to occur, we could be required to seek alternative third-party licenses at increased costs or reduced scope, to re-engineer products or systems, or potentially to discontinue the licensing of certain products. Any remedial actions could divert resources away from our development efforts, be time intensive and have a significant cost. Our use of AI technologies may not be successful and may present business, compliance, and reputational risks We use, and are expanding our use of, machine learning and AI technologies in our products and processes. If we fail to keep pace with rapidly evolving AI technological developments, or fail to launch products that are competitive, our competitive position and business results may be negatively impacted. If our competitors or other third parties incorporate AI technologies, such as emerging generative and agentic AI, into their products and processes more quickly or more successfully than us, this could impair our ability to compete effectively. Our use of AI technologies, including generative and agentic AI, requires resources to develop, test and maintain such products, which is costly. Despite our investments in, and commitment of resources to, the development of AI products and technologies, we may not be successful in generating revenues from these efforts. In addition, third parties may be able to use AI to create technology that could reduce demand for our products and services. The introduction of AI technologies, particularly generative and agentic AI, into new or existing offerings may result in new or expanded risks and liabilities, due to enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, compliance issues, ethical concerns, confidentiality, data privacy or security risks, as well as other factors that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. For example, AI technologies can lead to unintended consequences and errors, including generating content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, or that results in unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes, which could harm our reputation and expose us to liability. If the content, analyses, or recommendations that AI applications assist in producing are, or are alleged to be, deficient, inaccurate, unreliable, misleading, biased, discriminatory or otherwise flawed, any of which may not be easily detectable, our business and reputation may be adversely affected. Use of AI technologies, and the evolving legal, regulatory and compliance framework for AI, could impact our ability to protect our data and intellectual property, as well as vendor and client information, and could expose us to intellectual property or other claims by third parties. Use of AI technologies may also increase risks related to cyberattacks or other security incidents or result in a failure to protect confidential information. Because AI technology is highly complex and rapidly developing, it is not possible to predict all of the legal, operational or technological risks that may arise relating to our use of AI. These risks include the possibility of enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation or other legal liability, compliance issues, ethical concerns, negative client perceptions, confidentiality or security risks, as well as other factors. Any of these issues could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. AI technologies used in our products and processes may use or incorporate data from third-party sources, including information they input into the AI tools, which may expose us to risks associated with data rights and protection. Strategy and Market Demand Risks Competition in our industry may cause price reductions or loss of market share, or limit our growth or profitability We continue to experience intense competition across all of our products and services, with competitors ranging in size from smaller, highly specialized, single-product businesses to multi-billion-dollar companies. New and existing competitors are constantly developing innovative products or business models, including alternative data, analytics, technology-enabled platforms, and fintech solutions. Many of these competitors also have significant AI capabilities and funding. Some of these competitors may be able to introduce new technology, deliver products and services, or leverage data and analytics faster or more effectively than we can. The rapid pace of technological change, including advances in AI, cloud computing, and machine learning, along with evolving client demands, could cause our products and services to become outdated or less competitive. If we fail to keep pace with innovation, invest in developing new technology or data products, or successfully respond to disruptive competitors and emerging industry standards, our market position, revenues and operating results could be adversely affected. While we believe the breadth and depth of our suite of products and applications offer benefits to our clients that are a competitive advantage, our competitors may offer price incentives to attract new business. Future competitive pricing pressures may result in decreased sales volumes and price reductions, resulting in lower revenues and ASV. Weak economic conditions may also result in clients seeking to utilize lower-cost information that is available from alternative sources. The impact of cost-cutting pressures across the industries we serve could lower demand for our products and services. Clients within the financial services industry that strive to reduce their operating costs may seek to reduce their spending on financial market data and related services, such as ours. If our clients consolidate their spending with fewer suppliers, by selecting suppliers with lower-cost offerings or by self-sourcing their needs for financial market data, our business could be negatively affected. 16 Table of Contents The continued shift from active to passive investing could negatively impact user count growth and revenues The predominant investment strategy today is no longer active investing, which attempts to outperform the market. The main advantage of active management is the expectation that the investment managers will be able to outperform market indices. They make informed investment decisions based on their experiences, insights, knowledge and ability to identify opportunities that can translate into superior performance. The main advantage of passive investing is that it closely matches the performance of market indices. Passive investing requires little decision-making by investment managers and low operating costs which result in lower fees for the investor. A continued shift to passive investing, resulting in an increased outflow to passively managed index funds, could reduce demand for the services of active investment managers and consequently, the demand of our clients for our products and services. A decline in equity and/or fixed income returns may impact the buying power of investment management clients A significant portion of our ASV is derived from our investment management clients, and the profitability and management fees of many of these clients are tied to assets under management. An equity market decline not only depresses the value of assets under management but also could cause a significant increase in redemption requests from our clients’ customers, further reducing their assets under management. Reduced client profits and management fees may cause our clients to cut costs. Moreover, extended declines in the equity and fixed income markets may reduce new fund or client creation. Each of these developments may result in lower demand from investment managers for our products and services, which could negatively affect our business. Uncertainty or downturns in the global economy and consolidation in the financial services industry may cause us to lose clients and users Many of our clients are asset and wealth managers, investment and commercial bankers, hedge funds, private equity and venture capital professionals, and other financial services entities. Uncertainty or downturns in the global economy or a lack of confidence in the global financial system could negatively impact our clients, which could cause a corresponding negative impact on our business results. Mergers, consolidation or contraction of our clients in the financial services industry also could directly impact the number of clients, prospective clients and users of our products and services. If our clients merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our clients, or that use fewer of our products and services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our products and services. Thus, economic uncertainty, economic downturns, lack of confidence in the global financial system, and consolidation in this sector could adversely affect our business, financial results and future growth. Volatility or downturns in the financial markets may delay the spending pattern of clients and reduce future ASV growth The decision on the part of large institutional clients to purchase our products and services often requires management-level sponsorship and typically depends upon the size of the client, with larger clients having more complex and time-consuming purchasing processes. The process is also influenced by market volatility and market downturns. These characteristics often lead us to engage in relatively lengthy sales efforts. Purchases (and incremental ASV) may therefore be delayed as uncertainties or downturns in the financial markets may cause clients to remain cautious about capital and data content expenditures, particularly in uncertain economic environments. Market volatility or market downturns may curtail our client's spending and lead them to delay or defer purchasing decisions or product service implementations, or cause them to cancel or reduce their spending with us, which could negatively impact our revenues and future growth. Failure to develop and market new products and enhancements that maintain our technological and competitive position and failure to anticipate and respond to changes in the marketplace for our products and client demands The market for our products is characterized by rapid technological change, including developing technologies such as AI, including agentic AI, methods and speed of delivery, changes in client demands, development of new investment instruments and evolving industry standards. The direction of these trends can render our existing products less competitive, obsolete or unmarketable. As a result, our future success will continue to depend upon our ability to identify and develop new products and enhancements that address the future needs of our target markets and to respond to their changing standards and practices. We may not be successful in developing, introducing, marketing, licensing and implementing new products and enhancements on a timely and cost-effective basis or without impacting the stability and efficiency of existing products and client systems. Further, any new products and enhancements may not adequately meet the requirements of the marketplace or achieve market acceptance. We must make long-term investments and commit significant resources, for example, to developing and utilizing AI technology, before knowing whether these investments will eventually result in products and services that satisfy our clients' needs and generate revenues required to provide the desired results. Our failure or inability to anticipate and respond to changes in the marketplace, including competitor and supplier developments, may also adversely affect our business, operations and growth. 17 Table of Contents Errors or defects can exist at any point in a product's life cycle, but are more frequently found after the introduction of new products or enhancements to existing products. Despite internal testing and testing by clients, our products may contain errors. We may also experience delays while developing and introducing new products for various reasons, such as difficulties in licensing data inputs. Defects, errors, or delays in our products that are significant, or are perceived to be significant, could result in rejection or delay in market acceptance, damage to our reputation, loss of revenues, lower rate of license renewals or upgrades, diversion of development resources, product liability claims or regulatory actions, or increases in service and support costs. Clients are seeking additional contractual protections that may create additional liabilities for us Clients are increasingly looking to pass on contractual obligations to us, which may include service level, information and cyber-security requirements and audit rights. Many of our clients in the financial services sector are also subject to regulations and requirements to adopt risk management processes commensurate with the level of risk and complexity of their third-party relationships (including as required under the European Union ("EU") Digital Operational Resilience Acts ("DORA")), and provide rigorous oversight of relationships that involve certain "critical activities," some of which may be deemed to be provided by us. Any failure on our part to comply with the specific provisions in client contracts, including having appropriate information security capabilities, could result in the imposition of various penalties, which may include termination of contracts, service credits, suspension of payments, contractual penalties, adverse monetary judgments, and, in the case of government contracts, suspension from future government contracting. Even if the outcome of any claims brought against us were ultimately favorable, such a claim would require the time and attention of our management, personnel, as well as financial and other resources and potentially pose a significant disruption to our normal business operations and reputational damage. Failure to identify, integrate, or realize anticipated benefits of acquisitions and strains on resources as a result of growth In fiscal 2025, we completed several corporate transactions, including the acquisition of Irwin, LiquidityBook and LogoIntern. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates for successful acquisition at acceptable prices. Additionally, there may be integration risks or other risks resulting from acquired businesses. Our ability to achieve the expected returns and synergies from past and future acquisitions and alliances depends in part upon our ability to integrate the offerings, technology, sales, administrative functions and key personnel of these businesses effectively into our core business. We cannot guarantee that our acquired businesses will perform at the levels anticipated. In addition, past and future acquisitions may subject us to unanticipated risks or liabilities or disrupt operations. Growth, such as the addition of new clients and acquisitions, puts demands on our resources, including our internal systems and infrastructure. These may require improvements or replacement to meet the additional demands of a larger organization. Further, the addition of new clients and the implementation of such improvements would require additional management time and resources. These needs may result in increased costs that could negatively impact results of operations. Failure to implement needed improvements, such as improved scalability, could result in a deterioration in the performance of our internal systems and negatively impact the performance of our business. Failure to maintain reputation We enjoy a positive reputation in the marketplace. Our ability to attract and retain clients and employees is affected by external perceptions of our brand and reputation. Reputational damage from negative perceptions or publicity, including, without limitation, market perception of our sustainability and corporate responsibility policies and practices, could affect our ability to attract and retain clients and employees and our ability to maintain our pricing for our products and services. Although we monitor developments for areas of potential risk to our reputation and brand, negative perceptions or publicity could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Increased scrutiny with respect to sustainability matters New laws, regulations, policies, and international agreements relating to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters are being developed and formalized in Europe and elsewhere globally, which requires us to comply with specific, target-driven frameworks, disclosure and other requirements in multiple jurisdictions. Increased public, political or media scrutiny concerning ESG or climate matters may negatively affect our reputation. We may face criticism in respect of our climate and ESG products. We may also face increased scrutiny from political leaders, organizations or groups criticizing ESG or climate-focused products, or our compliance with global ESG regulations. Such scrutiny may impact demand for our products or limit our ability to attract and retain clients, resulting in adverse effects on our business, operating results or financial condition. 18 Table of Contents Operational Risks Operations outside the U.S. involve additional requirements and burdens that we may not be able to control or manage successfully In fiscal 2025, approximately 39% of our revenues related to operations located outside the U.S. In addition, approximately 80% of our employees are located in offices outside the U.S., including India and the Philippines. We expect our growth to continue outside the U.S. Our non-U.S. operations involve risks that differ from or are in addition to those faced by our U.S. operations. These risks include difficulties in developing products, services and technology tailored to the needs of non-U.S. clients, including in emerging markets; different employment laws and rules; rising labor costs in lower-wage countries; difficulties in staffing and managing personnel that are located outside the U.S.; different regulatory, legal and compliance requirements, including in the areas of privacy and data protection, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, trade sanctions and restraints and currency controls, marketing and sales and other barriers to conducting business; social and cultural differences, such as language; diverse or less stable political, operating and economic environments and market fluctuations; extreme weather conditions, civil disturbances or other catastrophic events that reduce business activity, including the risk that the current conflicts in Ukraine and Russia and in the Middle East expand in a way that impacts our business and operations; limited recognition of our brand and intellectual property protection; differing accounting principles and standards; restrictions on or adverse tax consequences from entity management efforts; and changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws. If we are not able to adapt efficiently or manage the business effectively in markets outside the U.S., our business prospects and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. Failure to enter into, renew or comply with contracts supplying new and existing content sets or products on competitive terms We collect and aggregate third-party content from data suppliers, news sources, exchanges, brokers and contributors into our own dedicated managed databases, which clients access to perform their analyses. These databases are important to our operations as they provide clients with key information. We have entered into third-party content agreements of varying lengths, which in some cases can be terminated on one year’s notice at predefined dates, and in other cases on shorter notice. Some of our content provider agreements are with competitors or smaller entities who may be acquired by our competitors, who may attempt to make renewals difficult or expensive. We seek to maintain favorable contractual relationships with our content suppliers, including those that are also competitors. However, we cannot control the actions and policies of our content suppliers and we may have content suppliers who provide us with notice of termination, or exclude or restrict us from use of their content, or only license such content at prohibitive cost. Additionally, despite our efforts to comply with our third-party content supplier agreements, there can be no assurances that third parties may not challenge our use of their content, especially during periods of economic uncertainty, which could result in increased licensing costs, loss of rights, and costly legal actions. Certain content sets that we rely on have a limited number of suppliers, although we make every effort to assure that, where reasonable, alternative sources are available. We are not dependent on any one third-party content supplier to meet the needs of our clients, with two data suppliers each representing more than 10% of our total content costs for fiscal 2025 . Additionally, we use AI technologies from third party suppliers, which may include open-source software. If we are unable to maintain rights to use these AI technologies on commercially reasonable terms, we may be forced to acquire or develop alternate AI technologies. Our failure to be able to maintain our supplier relationships, or the failure of our suppliers to deliver accurate content or in a timely manner, or the occurrence of a dispute with a vendor over use of their content, could increase our costs and reduce the type of content and products and services available to our clients, which could harm our reputation in the marketplace and adversely affect our business. Increased accessibility to free or relatively inexpensive information sources may reduce demand for our products and services Each year, an increasing amount of free or relatively inexpensive information becomes available, particularly through the internet, and this trend is likely to continue, especially with the deployment of AI tools. The availability of free or relatively inexpensive information may reduce demand for our products and services. While we believe our offerings are distinguished by such factors as standardization, timeliness, normalization, accuracy, ease-of-use, completeness and other value-added factors, if users choose to obtain the information they need from public or other sources, our business, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected. 19 Table of Contents Inability to hire and retain key qualified personnel or navigate key management transitions The development, maintenance, sale and support of our products and services are dependent upon the knowledge, experience and ability of our highly skilled, educated and trained key personnel. Accordingly, our business is dependent on successfully attracting, retaining and training talented employees and navigating key management transitions (including in our executive leadership team) in a highly competitive business environment. Competition for talent, especially engineering, technology, and sales personnel, is strong. Our ability to attract and retain talented employees is dependent on a number of factors, including prevailing market conditions and compensation packages offered by companies competing for the same talent. Key management transitions, such as our recent change in Chief Executive Officer, involve inherent risk, and such transition periods can be disruptive and may result in a loss of personnel with deep institutional or technical knowledge. If we are unsuccessful in our recruiting efforts, or if we are unable to retain key employees or offer competitive compensation and benefit packages and career structures, or if we are unable to navigate key management transitions, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services or achieve strategic goals may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control and remediate any future control deficiencies, our ability or perceived ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements or reporting could be impaired, which could harm our business. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act places certain requirements on public reporting companies with respect to internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. As such, public reporting companies are required to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. This assessment will include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by management in a company’s internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the design and operation of our information technology (“IT”) general controls that support our revenues, accounts receivable, and deferred revenues processes. We are still in the process of enhancing our internal controls related to the design and operation of our IT general controls that support our revenues, accounts receivable, and deferred revenues processes and expect to complete these remediation measures in fiscal 2026. However, remediation efforts have placed, and will continue to place, a significant burden on management and add increased pressure to our financial and IT resources and processes. No system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system of controls will be met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control deficiencies or material weaknesses have been or will be detected. There is no assurance that any remediation efforts will be fully effective. If we identify one or more additional material weaknesses, or, if we are otherwise unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our financial reporting may be adversely affected and could result in violations of applicable securities laws, stock exchange listing requirements, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements, subject us to litigation or investigations and adversely impact our stock price and our ability to access capital markets. Legal and Regulatory Risks Legislative and regulatory changes in the environments in which we and our clients operate As a business, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations in the U.S. and in the other countries in which we operate. These laws, rules, and regulations, and their interpretations, may conflict or change in the future, and compliance with these changes may increase our costs or cause us to make changes in or otherwise limit our business practices. In addition, the global nature and scope of our business operations make it more difficult to monitor areas that may be subject to regulatory and compliance risk. If we fail to comply with any applicable law, rule, or regulation, we could be subject to claims and fines and suffer reputational damage. Uncertainty caused by political change globally and complex relationships across countries heightens the risk of regulatory uncertainty. 20 Table of Contents Many of our clients operate within a highly regulated environment and must comply with governmental legislation and regulations. During the last several years, global regulators have increased their focus on the regulation of the financial services industry. Increased regulation of our clients may increase their expenses, causing them to seek to limit or reduce their costs from outside services such as ours. Some recent legislative and regulatory changes that we believe could impact us and our clients include: (a) in the U.S., the Financial Data Transparency Act 2022 ("FDTA"), which requires the FDTA’s sponsoring U.S. government agencies to identify standards, including common identifiers, for reporting financial products and transactions to those agencies; (b) in the EU, the EU’s DORA imposes operational resilience and cyber security standards and obligations, including technical and organizational standards and responsibilities which require technology and/or organizational investment, upon (i) many of our financial market clients, who aim to pass such obligations onto vendors, including us, and (ii) information and communications technology providers designated by the EU as “Critical Third Party Providers.” The United Kingdom ("UK") is advancing similar legislation and other jurisdictions could follow; and (c) in Asia Pacific, we and our clients are subject to a number of regulatory risks. For example, in China, there is an evolving regulatory environment and complex data security and data transfer regulations. These factors may increase compliance risk and costs for us and our clients. Adverse resolution of litigation or governmental investigations We are party to lawsuits in the normal course of our business, including a purported class action relating to our acquisition, and operation of, the CGS business ( Dinosaur Financial Group LLC et al. v. S&P Global, Inc. et al ). Litigation and governmental investigations can be expensive, lengthy and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. Unfavorable resolution of lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. While we maintain insurance coverage in respect of certain risks, some of these lawsuits may not be covered by existing insurance. Even if we successfully defend against these lawsuits, the costs of defending such lawsuits may be material to our business, operating results or financial condition and may divert our management’s attention from our business operations. For additional information regarding legal matters, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. From time to time, we receive client complaints. We believe we have strong contractual protection in the terms and conditions included in our arrangements with our clients. Nonetheless, in the interest of managing client relationships, we may from time to time engage in dialogue with clients in an effort to resolve such complaints, and if such complaints cannot be resolved through dialogue, we may face litigation regarding such complaints. Third parties may claim we infringe upon their intellectual property rights or they may infringe upon our intellectual property rights We may receive notice from others claiming that we have infringed upon their intellectual property rights. Responding to these claims may require us to enter into royalty and licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur litigation costs, enter into settlements, stop selling or redesign affected products, or pay damages and satisfy indemnification commitments with our clients or suppliers under contractual provisions of various license arrangements. Additionally, third parties may copy, infringe or otherwise profit from the unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights, requiring us to litigate to protect our rights. Certain countries may not offer adequate protection of proprietary rights. If we are required to defend ourselves or assert our rights or take such actions mentioned, our operating margins may decline as a result. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, expenditures to acquire the use of technology and intellectual property rights as part of our strategy to manage this risk. Compliance with global data privacy laws which are constantly evolving We, and certain types of information we collect, compile, use, and publish, are subject to numerous global laws and regulations governing the protection of personal and confidential information of our clients, employees and products in the jurisdictions in which we operate. These include, for example, the EU's General Data Protection Regulation, an increasing number of U.S. state laws, such as California's Consumer Privacy Act and Connecticut's Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring Act, China's Personal Information Protection Law, and India's Digital Personal Data Protection Act. These laws contain requirements regarding the handling of personal and sensitive data, including our use, protection and the ability of persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such data about themselves. The law in this area continues to develop and the changing nature of these laws could impact our processing and 
[...TRUNCATED...]