TICKER=FDX|YEAR=2025|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2025/FDX_2025-07-21.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2021 for information regarding the 2017 NotPetya cyberattack at TNT Express and immaterial cyber incidents we experienced in 2017 and 2018. -24- Additionally, we and our third-party service providers, vendors, and suppliers have experienced repeated attempts by cyber criminals, some of which have been successful, to gain access to customer accounts for the purposes of fraudulently diverting and misappropriating items being transported in our network, fraudulently charging shipment fees to customer or franchisee accounts, and fraudulently sending e-mails to recipients purporting to be from FedEx. To date, none of these fraudulent cyber activities have caused a material disruption to our systems or resulted in any material costs to FedEx. Our security processes and initiatives may be unable to detect or prevent a breach or disruption in the future. Additionally, the rapid ongoing evolution and increased adoption of emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning may make it more difficult to anticipate and implement protective measures to recognize, detect, and prevent the occurrence of any of the cyber events described above. We are self-insured for certain costs associated with our operations, and insurance and claims expenses could have a material adverse effect on us. We are self-insured up to certain limits for costs associated with workers’ compensation claims, vehicle accidents, property and cargo loss, general business liabilities, and benefits paid under employee disability programs. Our self-insurance accruals are primarily based on estimated costs determined by actuarial methods. Estimated costs include consideration of a variety of factors and related assumptions such as the severity of claims, frequency and volume of claims, healthcare inflation, seasonality, and plan designs, which may be subject to a high degree of variability. However, the use of any estimation technique in this area is inherently sensitive given the magnitude of claims involved and the length of time until the ultimate cost is known, which may be several years. Material increases in the magnitude of claims, changes to healthcare costs, accident frequency and severity, insurance retention levels, judgment and settlement amounts, associated legal expenses, and other factors could result in unfavorable differences between actual self-insurance costs and our reserve estimates. As a result, our insurance and claims costs could increase materially in the future, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. As a supplement to our self-insurance program, we maintain coverage with excess insurance carriers for potential losses that exceed the amounts we self-insure. Periodically, we evaluate the level of insurance coverage and adjust insurance levels based on risk tolerance, risk volatility, and premium expense. Although we believe our aggregate insurance limits should be sufficient to cover our historic claims amounts, the commercial trucking industry has experienced a wave of blockbuster or so-called “nuclear” verdicts, including some instances in which juries have awarded hundreds of millions of dollars to those injured in accidents and their families. See Note 9 of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in “Item 1. Financial Statements” of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2022 for more information. Given this trend, it is possible that additional claims could exceed our aggregate coverage limits. If another claim were to exceed our aggregate insurance coverage, we would bear the excess in addition to our exposure not covered by excess insurance carriers. Given the current claims environment, the amount of coverage available from excess insurance carriers is decreasing, the premiums for this excess coverage are increasing significantly, and excess insurance carriers are challenging insurance claims more frequently. Accordingly, our excess insurance and claims expenses may continue to increase, or we could further increase our exposure not covered by excess insurance carriers as policies are renewed or replaced. Our results of operations and financial condition could continue to be adversely affected if our costs or losses significantly exceed our aggregate coverage limits, we are unable to obtain excess insurance coverage in amounts we deem sufficient, our insurance carriers fail to pay on our insurance claims, or we experience a claim for which coverage is not provided. The transportation infrastructure continues to be a target of terrorist activities. Because transportation assets continue to be a target of terrorist activities, governments around the world are adopting or are considering adopting stricter security requirements that will increase operating costs and potentially slow service for businesses, including those in the transportation industry. These security requirements are not static, but change periodically as the result of regulatory and legislative requirements, imposing additional security costs and creating a level of uncertainty for our operations. For example, the TSA requires FedEx to comply with a Full All-Cargo Aircraft Operator Standard Security Plan, which contains evolving and strict security requirements. It is reasonably possible that these rules or other future security requirements could impose material costs on us or slow our service to our customers. The effects on our operations of avoiding areas of the world, including airspace, in which there are geopolitical conflicts and the targeting of aircraft by parties to those conflicts can also be significant. Moreover, a terrorist attack directed at FedEx or other aspects of the transportation infrastructure could disrupt our operations and adversely affect demand for our services. Failure of third-party service providers to perform as expected, or disruptions in our relationships with those providers or their provision of services to FedEx, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. FedEx has engaged third-party service providers to perform certain functions that are integral to our business, including the provision of information technology infrastructure, application development, maintenance and support, and end-user support services . There can be no assurance that our third-party service providers will adhere to contractual service performance or compliance requirements, and such service providers may suffer disruptions to their systems, labor groups, or supply chains that could adversely affect their services. We may also have disagreements with such service providers, and related contracts may be terminated or may not be extended or renewed. Additionally, from time to time such service providers have engaged in fraudulent activities in the course of their business -25- relationships with FedEx. Any of the foregoing could disrupt our operations and result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or results of operations. The effects of a widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease or public health crisis on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition are highly unpredictable. A widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease or public health crisis could have varying effects on the demand for our services, our business operations, and the global economy and supply chains. The extent of the effect of such an event on our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as the global economy, will be dictated by developments that cannot be predicted, such as its duration and spread; the success of efforts to contain it and treat its effects, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, business and government shutdowns, and other restrictions; the possibility of additional subsequent widespread outbreaks and variant strains and the effect of actions taken in response; and the resulting effects on the economic conditions in the global markets in which we operate. Our business is labor and capital intensive in nature, which may require us to incur higher costs to operate our networks during such an event. If we are unable to remain agile and flex our networks to align with shipping volumes, customer needs, disrupted global supply chains and other network inefficiencies, market demands, and operating conditions, or are unable to continuously respond to evolving governmental policies, our business operations could be negatively affected, which could have a further adverse effect on our results of operations. Further, due to the size, scope, and geographically dispersed nature of our operations, the expenses we incur to protect the health and safety of our team members and customers may be higher than similar expenses incurred by companies in other industries. To the extent a widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease or public health crisis adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many other risks described in this section, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Such risks include, but are not limited to, additional changes in the state of the global economy and international trade policies and relations; our ability to execute our DRIVE transformation, implement our business strategy, and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics and customer preferences; our strong reputation and the value of the FedEx brand; our ability to meet our labor and purchased transportation needs while controlling related costs; our ability to achieve our goal of carbon neutrality for our global operations by calendar 2040; and the effect of litigation or claims from customers, team members, suppliers, regulators, or other third parties relating to the crisis or our actions in response. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition” of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the years ended May 31, 2020, May 31, 2021, May 31, 2022, and May 31, 2023 for information regarding the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Failure to complete the adjustment of our air network to remove costs related to services previously provided to the United States Postal Service (“USPS”) could adversely affect our profitability. The contract for Federal Express to provide the USPS transportation services within the United States expired by its terms on September 29, 2024, and Federal Express continued to provide air transportation services domestically and to Puerto Rico through the contract’s expiration. If we are unable to complete the adjustment of our air network to remove costs related to the services previously provided to the USPS, our profitability could be negatively affected. Strategic Risks Failure to successfully implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics and customer preferences will cause our future financial results to suffer. We are making significant investments and other decisions in connection with our long-term business strategy, such as those related to our DRIVE transformation, including Network 2.0 and Tricolor. See “The failure to successfully execute our DRIVE transformation, including Network 2.0 and Tricolor, in the expected time frame and at the expected cost may adversely affect our future results.” above and “ Item 1. Business ” and “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition ” of this Annual Report for additional information. In addition, we are investing in data insight solutions intended to drive supply chain efficiency for our customers. Such initiatives and enhancements may require us to make significant capital expenditures or incur significant expenses. We have also incurred, and may continue to incur, increased operating expenses in connection with certain changes to our business strategy. We may not be able to derive the expected operational efficiencies and network flexibility, alignment of our cost base with demand, cost savings and reductions to our permanent cost structure, digital revenue growth, and other benefits from our strategic investments and other decisions. For example, in June 2024, Federal Express announced a workforce reduction plan in Europe as part of its ongoing measures to reduce structural costs. See “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition ” of this Annual Report for more information. The execution of the plan is subject to a consultation process that is expected to occur over an 18-month period in accordance with local country processes and regulations. The actual amount and timing of business optimization costs and related cost savings resulting from the workforce reduction plan are dependent on local country consultation processes and regulations and negotiated social plans and may differ from our current expectations and estimates. If we are not able to successfully implement this plan, our future financial results may suffer. -26- Further, in developing our business strategy, we make certain assumptions including, but not limited to, those related to customer demand and the mix of services to be purchased by our customers, the future rate of e-commerce growth and inventory restocking, passenger airline cargo capacity, competition, and the global economy, and actual market, economic, and other conditions may be different from our assumptions. As technology (including artificial intelligence and machine learning), customer behavior, and market conditions continue to evolve, it is important that we maintain the relevance of our brand and service offerings to our customers. If we are not able to successfully implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in technology, customer preferences, and market dynamics, our future financial results will suffer. For additional discussion, see “ Item 1. Business ” of this Annual Report under the caption “Strategy.” The planned spin-off of FedEx Freight may not be completed on the terms or timeline currently contemplated, if at all, and there is no guarantee that the spin-off, if completed, will achieve the intended financial and strategic benefits. In December 2024, we announced our intention to separate FedEx Freight from our portfolio structure through the creation of a separate, publicly traded company (“NewCo”). The planned separation, which would be implemented through the spin-off of shares of NewCo to FedEx stockholders, is expected to be tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes for FedEx stockholders and be completed by June 2026. Completion of the planned spin-off is subject to the final approval of our Board of Directors and will be dependent on a number of factors that may be beyond our control, including, among other things, market conditions, industry trends, the receipt and continuing validity of a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and/or favorable opinions of our U.S. tax advisors with respect to the tax-free nature of the transaction, the receipt of other regulatory and contractual approvals, and the availability of financing for NewCo on satisfactory terms. The proposed spin-off is complex in nature, and unanticipated changes or developments could delay or prevent the completion of the spin-off or cause the spin-off to occur on terms or conditions that are different or less favorable than expected. Whether or not we complete the spin-off, we may face significant challenges in connection with the transaction, including, without limitation: • the diversion of the attention of our Board of Directors and senior management from the pursuit of our business strategy and long-term planning and of our management and employees from day-to-day operations; • our ability to maintain NewCo’s continued support of our DRIVE transformation, Network 2.0, Tricolor, and other strategic initiatives; • our ability to maintain operational, commercial, data and information technology, brand and intellectual property, human resources, finance, legal, sales, and marketing continuity where necessary between FedEx and NewCo and establish stand-alone functions and infrastructure at NewCo where necessary; • the risk that if the IRS determines that certain steps of the planned spin-off do not qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, FedEx and its stockholders could incur significant tax liabilities; • costs and expenses related to the planned spin-off (which are expected to be significant), including costs related to commercial and operational dis-synergies; restructuring and other transaction expenses; expenses related to establishing stand-alone operational, commercial, personnel, and digital and technology infrastructure at NewCo; and accounting, tax, legal, and other professional services expenses, any of which may be higher than initially expected; • retaining existing business and operational relationships, including with customers, suppliers, employees, and other counterparties; • addressing employee issues so as to promote retention and motivation and maintain efficient and effective labor and employee relations; • obtaining any required regulatory licenses, operating authority, or contractual consents; • determining the appropriate allocations of assets and liabilities between FedEx and NewCo, as well as the terms governing the relationship between FedEx and NewCo following the spin-off; and • potential negative reactions from investors and other external stakeholders. There can be no assurance that the spin-off, if completed, will achieve the intended financial and strategic benefits (which are based on a number of assumptions, some or all of which may prove to be incorrect) or provide greater value to our stockholders than that reflected in the current price of our common stock, or that the dis-synergies of the transaction (including costs of related restructuring transactions) will not exceed the anticipated amounts. The market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the uncertainties described above. Changes in the stockholder base of FedEx and/or NewCo following the planned spin-off could also cause the price of either company’s common stock to fluctuate. If the planned spin-off occurs, FedEx and NewCo will each be smaller, less diversified companies with more concentrated areas of focus. As a result, FedEx and NewCo may become more vulnerable to changing macroeconomic and market conditions; the results of -27- operations, cash flows, effective tax rate, and other financial and operating metrics of each company may be subject to increased volatility; and the ability of each company to fund capital expenditures and investments, pay dividends, and service debt may be diminished. To the extent challenges related to the planned spin-off of NewCo adversely affect our business, they may also have the effect of heightening other risks disclosed in our Annual Report, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and the price of our common stock. Such risks include, but are not limited to, our ability to execute our DRIVE transformation, Network 2.0, and broader business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics and customer preferences; disruptions to our technology infrastructure, including through cyberattack or cyber-intrusion, ransomware attack, or malware attack; our ability to attract and retain employee talent and maintain our company culture; our ability to achieve or demonstrate progress on our goal of carbon neutrality for our global operations by calendar 2040; and our ability to maintain our strong reputation and the value of the FedEx brand. We depend on our strong reputation and the value of the FedEx brand. FedEx is one of the most widely recognized, trusted, and respected brands in the world, and the FedEx brand is one of our most important and valuable assets. The FedEx brand name symbolizes high-quality service, reliability, and speed. In addition, we have a strong reputation among customers, team members, and the general public for high standards of corporate responsibility, governance, and ethics. The FedEx brand name and our corporate reputation are powerful tools for sales, marketing, and recruitment, and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them. Adverse publicity or sensationalism across media channels (whether or not justified) relating to activities including, but not limited to, the following by our team members or others with whom we do business (over whom we may have little or no control) could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand and goodwill: customer service mishaps, accidents, catastrophes, or incidents involving aircraft, vehicles, or facilities operated by us or our service providers; low safety or service levels; data breaches, cyberattacks, or technology infrastructure disruptions; utilization of emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence; allegations of noncompliance with laws or claims that result in litigation; the shipment of certain items pursuant to our obligation as a common carrier operating under federal law; labor relations and workforce reductions or disruptions; our advertising campaigns, sponsorship arrangements, or marketing programs; our sustainability goals and related progress; our political activities and expenditures; or our executive compensation practices. With the increase in the use of artificial intelligence and social media outlets such as Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, X (formerly Twitter), TikTok, and other platforms, adverse publicity, whether warranted or not, can be disseminated quickly and broadly without context, making it increasingly difficult for us to effectively respond. Certain forms of technology such as artificial intelligence also allow users to alter or create images, videos, and other information relating to FedEx and present the information in a false or misleading manner that seems real. Further, our actual or perceived position, lack of position, or perceived lack of transparency on environmental, social, political, public policy, labor relations, or other sensitive issues could harm our reputation with certain groups, including our customers, stockholders, team members, advocacy groups, government representatives, and regulatory bodies. Expectations regarding these matters continue to evolve and are not uniform. Although we try to adapt and maintain a balance that satisfies all of these stakeholders, we may not always be able or choose to move as quickly or in the direction that various competing interests desire or demand, which could adversely impact our reputation. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and/or create difficulties in retaining and recruiting employee talent and could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand and goodwill. We face intense competition. The transportation and business services markets are both highly competitive and sensitive to price and service, especially in periods of little or no macroeconomic growth. Some of our competitors have more financial resources and competitive advantages than we do, appear willing to operate at little or no margin to gain market share, or they are owned, controlled, or subsidized by foreign governments, which enables them to raise capital more easily. We face intense competition from global air freight forwarders for air freight business. We also compete with regional transportation providers that operate smaller and less capital-intensive transportation networks and startup companies that combine technology with flexible labor solutions such as crowdsourcing to focus on local market needs. In addition, some high-volume package shippers are developing and implementing in-house delivery capabilities and utilizing independent contractors for deliveries, which could in turn adversely affect our results of operations. For example, Amazon has established a network of hubs, aircraft, and vehicles, recently began offering an LTL freight service for inbound shipments to its distribution facilities, and has expressed an intention to offer its internal delivery capabilities broadly to third parties. See “ Item 1. Business ” of this Annual Report for additional information. We believe we compete effectively with these companies — for example, by providing more reliable service at compensatory prices. However, the existence of an irrational pricing environment could limit our ability to maintain or increase our prices (including our fuel surcharges in response to rising fuel costs), which could adversely affect our results of operations. While we believe we compete effectively through our current and planned service offerings, if our current competitors or potential future competitors offer a broader range of services or better service levels, more effectively bundle their services, or offer services at lower prices, it could adversely affect our results of operations. Continued transportation industry consolidation may further increase competition. Moreover, if high-volume package shippers further develop or expand internal capabilities for the services we provide, it may reduce our revenue and -28- could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. These effects could be exacerbated if high-volume package shippers offer such capabilities to third parties. News regarding such developments or expansions could also negatively affect the price of our common stock. Our industry may be affected by changes in technology and our competitors may implement emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence applications, more quickly and more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. Advancements in technology, such as advanced safety systems; automated package sorting, handling, and delivery; autonomous delivery; third-party supply chain insight and management; artificial intelligence; vehicle platooning; alternative fuel vehicles; and digitization of freight services, may necessitate that we increase investments in order to remain competitive, and our customers may not be willing to accept higher rates to cover the cost of these investments. See “We may be unable to achieve or demonstrate progress on our goal of carbon neutrality for our global operations by calendar 2040.” below for additional information. Our businesses are capital intensive, and we must make capital decisions based upon projected volume levels. We make significant investments in aircraft, package handling facilities, vehicles, technology, sort equipment, acquired companies, and other assets to support our transportation and business networks. The amount and timing of capital investments depend on various factors, including our anticipated volume growth. We must make commitments to purchase or modify aircraft years before the aircraft are actually needed based on projections of volume levels and fleet requirements, which have become more difficult to make in light of recent macroeconomic, international trade and geopolitical uncertainty and volatility. Missing our projections could result in too much or too little capacity relative to our shipping volumes. Overcapacity could lead to below-market asset dispositions or write-downs, as well as negatively affect operating margins, and undercapacity could negatively affect service levels. See “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition — Results of Operations and Outlook — Consolidated Results — Asset Impairment Charges” of this Annual Report for information regarding the noncash impairment charges recorded in 2025 and 2024 in connection with our decision to permanently retire certain aircraft and related engines from service. Our inability to execute and effectively operate, integrate, leverage, and grow acquired businesses and realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic alliances and investments could materially adversely affect us. Our strategy for long-term growth, productivity, and profitability depends in part on our ability to make prudent strategic acquisitions and investments, form joint ventures or strategic alliances, and realize the expected benefits from these transactions. We regularly acquire businesses, enter into strategic alliances, and make investments across the more than 220 countries and territories in which we provide services. Acquisitions and other strategic transactions involve special commercial, customer, accounting, regulatory, compliance, information technology, human resources, cultural, and other risks, including the potential assumption of unanticipated liabilities and contingencies. Additionally, we may be required to make significant capital expenditures and/or incur certain operating expenses following the completion of certain transactions, which may be higher than initially expected. For example, existing and future customer data and processes in the systems of FedEx and ShopRunner may require significant added expense to integrate. While we expect our past and future acquisitions and strategic transactions to enhance our value proposition to customers and improve our business and long-term profitability, there can be no assurance that we will realize our expectations within the time frame we have established, if at all, or that we can continue to support the value we allocate to acquired businesses, including their goodwill or other intangible assets. We have previously incurred goodwill impairment charges related to certain of our acquisitions, some of which have been material, and may incur additional goodwill impairment charges in the future. Human Resource Management Risks Labor-related disruptions and potential changes in labor laws may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our business is labor intensive in nature, utilizing large numbers of numerous classes of employees and service providers. Despite continual organizing attempts by labor unions, our employees in the U.S. and Canada, except our pilots, are not unionized (we acquired FedEx Supply Chain in 2015, which already had a small number of unionized employees). Additionally, certain of our employees outside of the U.S. and Canada are unionized. For information regarding our continued bargaining efforts to reach an agreement with the union representing our pilots, see “ Item 1. Business ” of this Annual Report under the caption “Federal Express Segment — Employees.” If we are unable to reach an agreement with any of our unionized work groups in future negotiations regarding the terms of their collective bargaining agreements, or if additional groups within our workforce become unionized, we may be subject to work interruptions or stoppages, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Labor unions have recently attempted to organize employees at businesses and in industries that have not traditionally been unionized, and in certain instances have been successful. Such attempts could continue in 2026. Additionally, the U.S. Congress has, in the past, considered adopting changes in labor laws that would make it easier for unions to organize units of our employees. For example, there is always a possibility that legislative or administrative actions, or judicial decisions, could attempt to remove Federal Express employees from the jurisdiction of the RLA. Additionally, this jurisdiction could be challenged in connection with our recently completed one FedEx consolidation and ongoing Network 2.0 transformation. For additional discussion of the RLA, see “ Item 1. Business ” of this Annual Report under the caption “Regulation.” Such legislation or challenge could expose our customers to the type -29- of service disruptions that the RLA was designed to prevent — local work stoppages in key areas that interrupt the timely flow of shipments of time-sensitive, high-value goods throughout our global network. Such disruptions could threaten our ability to provide competitively priced shipping options and ready access to global markets. There is also the possibility that Congress could pass other labor legislation that could adversely affect our operations with employees governed by the NLRA. In addition, the NMB and the NLRB have and may continue to take actions that could make it easier for our employees, as well as vendor, service provider, and supplier workforces, to organize under the RLA or NLRA. Finally, changes to federal or state laws, regulations, rules, judicial or administrative precedent, or guidance governing employee classification could affect the status of service providers as independent employers of their drivers. If we are deemed to be an employer or joint employer of the drivers of these service providers, labor organizations could more easily organize these individuals, our operating costs could increase materially, and we could incur significant capital outlays and experience adverse effects to service levels. Our failure to attract and retain employee talent, meet our purchased transportation needs, or maintain our company culture, as well as increases in labor and purchased transportation costs, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our success depends upon the efforts and abilities of our high-quality employees, many of whom are longstanding FedEx team members. Difficulties in motivating, rewarding, recruiting, and retaining employee talent, including members of senior management and successors to members of senior management; failure to protect members of senior management from security threats (which certain executive officers have experienced in the past); the unexpected loss of such individuals resulting in the depletion of our institutional knowledge base; and/or our inability to successfully transition key roles could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, reputation, and the price of our common stock. We also regularly seek to hire a large number of part-time and seasonal workers, and utilize service providers to conduct certain linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations. Certain positions at FedEx have historically experienced high turnover rates, which can lead to increased recruiting, training, and retention costs. Additionally, our company culture is important to providing high-quality customer service and having a productive workforce and could be adversely affected by our evolving operations and other factors. If we fail to maintain the strength of our company culture, our competitive ability and our business may be harmed. Our business is labor intensive, and our ability to meet our labor and purchased transportation needs while controlling related costs is generally subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of qualified service providers and persons in the markets where we and our service providers operate and unemployment levels within these markets, prevailing and competitive wage rates and other benefits, health and other insurance costs, inflation, fuel and energy prices and availability, behavioral changes, adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations (including increased minimum wage requirements) or government programs, safety, and security levels of our operations, our reputation within the labor and transportation markets, changes in the business or financial soundness of service providers, interest in contracting with FedEx, and the effect of a widespread public health crisis. Additionally, certain service providers (acting collectively or in coordination in some instances) may seek to increase financial rates or modify contract terms and may refuse to provide service to FedEx. Our inability to effectively meet our labor and purchased transportation needs can increase our costs, hinder our ability to execute our business strategy, negatively affect service levels, and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Certain of these risks may be heightened by our DRIVE transformation, including Network 2.0, and the planned spin-off of FedEx Freight. We contract with service providers to conduct certain linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations, and the status of these service providers as direct and exclusive employers of drivers providing these services is being challenged. We are defending joint-employer cases where it is alleged that we should be treated as an employer or joint employer of the drivers employed by service providers with whom we contract to conduct certain linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations. We incur certain costs, including legal fees, in defending the status of service providers as direct and exclusive employers of their drivers. We continue to believe that we are not an employer or joint employer of the drivers of these independent businesses. However, adverse determinations in these matters or regulatory developments could, among other things, entitle service providers’ drivers to certain wage payments and penalties from the service providers and FedEx, and result in employment and withholding tax and benefit liability for FedEx. The status of the drivers employed by these service providers could be further challenged in connection with Network 2.0. Potential changes to pilot flight and duty time regulations could impair our operations and impose substantial costs on us . In 2010, the FAA proposed regulations that would change the flight and duty time rules applicable to all-cargo air carriers. When the FAA issued final regulations in 2011 (the “2011 regulations”), all-cargo carriers, including FedEx, were exempt from these new requirements. Instead, all-cargo carriers were required to continue complying with previously enacted flight and duty time rules and allowed to pursue the development of fatigue risk management systems to develop fatigue mitigations unique to each operation. In 2012, the FAA reaffirmed the exclusion of all-cargo carriers from the 2011 regulations, and litigation in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia affirmed the FAA’s decision. However, this issue remains a policy priority for certain labor groups, and the U.S. Congress periodically considers legislation that, if adopted, would require all-cargo carriers to comply with the 2011 regulations. Required compliance with the 2011 regulations would make it more difficult to avoid pilot fatigue and could impose substantial costs on us in order to maintain operational reliability. -30- Increasing costs, the volatility of costs and funding requirements, and other legal mandates for employee benefits, especially pension and healthcare benefits, could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We sponsor programs that provide retirement benefits to most of our employees. These programs include defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans, and postretirement healthcare plans. The costs of providing pension and other retirement benefit plans are dependent on numerous assumptions, such as discount rates, expected long-term investment returns on plan assets, future salary increases, employee turnover, mortality, and retirement ages. Changes in actuarial assumptions and differences between the assumptions and actual values, as well as significant declines in the value of investments that fund our pension and other postretirement plans, if not offset or mitigated by a decline in plan liabilities, could increase pension and other postretirement expense, and we could be required from time to time to fund the pension plans with significant amounts of cash. Such cash funding obligations could adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity. Additionally, the rules for pension and retirement benefit plan accounting are complex, involve numerous assumptions, and can produce volatility in our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. For example, we recognized a pre-tax, noncash MTM gain of $515 million in 2025 ($390 million, net of tax, or $1.60 per diluted share). For additional information on our MTM retirement plans accounting adjustments, see “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and F inancial Condition — Results of Operations and Outlook — Consolidated Results — Retirement Plans MTM Adjustments” and Note 14 of the consolidated financial statements included in “ Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ” of this Annual Report. Environmental, Climate, and Weather Risks We may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory, or market responses to such change. Concern over climate change, including the effect of global warming, has led to significant U.S. and international governmental efforts to limit GHG emissions, including our aircraft and vehicle engine emissions. Increasingly, state and local governments are also considering environmental-related regulatory and reporting requirements. Compliance with such regulation and the associated potential cost is complicated by the fact that various countries and regions are following different approaches to the regulation and reporting of climate and other environmental matters. Increased regulation and reporting obligations regarding GHG emissions, especially aircraft or vehicle engine emissions, could impose substantial taxes, fees, and other costs on us. These include an increase in the cost of the fuel and other energy we purchase, investments required to obtain electricity capacity, and capital and impairment costs associated with updating or replacing our aircraft, vehicles, or infrastructure prematurely. Until the timing, scope, and extent of such possible regulation becomes known, we cannot predict its effect on our cost structure or our operating results. It is reasonably possible, however, that it could materially increase our operating expenses and have an adverse direct or indirect effect on our business, if instituted. For additional discussion of regulatory responses to climate change, including CORSIA and the Paris climate accord, see “ Item 1. Business ” of this Annual Report under the caption “Regulation.” We may also incur additional expenses as a result of new or expanded policies and laws in the U.S. and abroad regarding GHG emissions and other environmental matters. Furthermore, many countries and U.S. states in which we operate or are subject to regulation, such as Australia and California, have adopted, or are expected to adopt, additional requirements related to the disclosure of GHG emission and related matters. In many cases these requirements differ and may conflict from country to country, increasing our costs or requiring significant management time and attention. Additionally, we could be subject to climate litigation or regulatory enforcement actions, as groups, individuals, and governmental authorities affected by climate change seek to recover climate-related damages from entities they perceive as being partially responsible for human-induced climate change because of the emission of GHGs from their operations. Moreover, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about the GHGs emitted by companies in the airline and transportation industries could harm our reputation, reduce customer demand for our services, especially our air express services, and increase our liability. Finally, given the broad and global scope of our operations and our susceptibility to global macroeconomic trends, we are particularly vulnerable to the physical risks of climate change that could affect all of humankind, such as shifts in weather patterns and world ecosystems. We may be unable to achieve or demonstrate progress on our goal of carbon neutrality for our global operations by calendar 2040. In 2021, we set an ambitious goal to achieve carbon neutrality for our global operations by calendar 2040 and have also set interim targets across our main d
[...TRUNCATED...]