TICKER=FE|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/FE_2026-02-18.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We operate in a business environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond the Registrants’ control. The Registrants regularly evaluate the most significant risks of their businesses and review those risks with their respective boards of directors and, if appropriate, committees of those boards of directors. The following risk factors and all other information contained in this report should be considered carefully when evaluating the Registrants, and unless a risk factor expressly excludes a Registrant or the context requires otherwise, references to “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to both Registrants. These risk factors could affect our financial results and cause such results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us. Below, we have identified risks we consider material. The risks that we face are not limited to those in this section. There may be additional risks and uncertainties (either currently unknown or not currently believed to be material) that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with Item 1., "Business,” Item 7., "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and in other sections of this Form 10-K that include forward-looking and other statements involving risks and uncertainties that could impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. Risks Associated with Damage to Our Reputation and Securities Class-Action Litigation Securities class-action litigation against us could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to access capital, liquidity or cash flows. On July 21, 2021, FE entered into a three-year DPA with the U.S. Attorney’s Office that, subject to court proceedings, resolves the previously disclosed U.S. Attorney’s Office investigation into us relating to our lobbying and governmental affairs activities concerning HB 6. Under the DPA, we paid a $230 million monetary penalty in 2021 and agreed to the filing of a criminal information charging FirstEnergy with one count of conspiracy to commit honest services wire fraud. As of July 22, 2024, we successfully completed the obligations required within the three-year term of the DPA. Under the DPA, and until the conclusion of any related investigation, criminal prosecution and civil proceeding brought by the U.S. Attorney’s Office, we have an obligation to continue (i) publishing quarterly a list of all payments to 501(c)(4) entities and all payments to entities known by us to be operating for the benefit of a public official, either directly or indirectly; (ii) not making any statements that contradict the DPA; (iii) notifying the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the S.D. Ohio of any changes in FirstEnergy’s corporate form; and (iv) cooperating with the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the S.D. Ohio. In accordance with the DPA, these obligations will continue until the completion of any related investigation, criminal prosecution, and civil proceeding brought by the U.S. Attorney’s Office related to the conduct set forth in the DPA’s statement of facts, including the January 17, 2025 indictment against two former FirstEnergy senior officers, described in “Outlook—Other Legal Proceeding – United States v. Larry Householder, et al.,” in Item 7., "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations". Within 30 days of those matters concluding, and FirstEnergy’s successful completion of its remaining obligations, the U.S. Attorney’s Office will dismiss the criminal information. On February 26, 2025, the U.S. Attorney’s Office filed a status report confirming these commitments. If we are found to have breached the terms of the DPA, the U.S. Attorney’s Office may elect to prosecute, or bring a civil action against, us for conduct alleged in the DPA or known to the government, which could result in fines or penalties and could have a material adverse impact on our reputation or relationships with regulatory and legislative authorities, customers and other stakeholders, as well as our consolidated financial statements. Failure to comply with the DPA, including alleged failures to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, may also result in a breach of certain covenants contained in our credit agreements and could result in an event of default under such agreements, and we would not be able to access our credit facilities for additional borrowings and letters of credit during the existence of any such default. Following the announcement by the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the S.D. Ohio of the investigation surrounding HB 6 in July 2020, certain of FE’s stockholders and customers filed several lawsuits against us and certain current and former directors, officers and other employees, including the federal securities class action litigation In re FirstEnergy Corp. Securities Litigation (Federal District Court, S.D. Ohio). We believe that it is probable that FE will incur a loss in connection with the resolution of In re FirstEnergy Corp. Securities Litigation . Given the ongoing nature and complexity of such litigation, we cannot yet reasonably estimate a loss or range of loss that may arise from its resolution. However, if it is resolved against us substantial monetary damages could result and our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows may be materially adversely affected. This securities class-action litigation could divert management’s focus and have resulted in, and could continue to result in, substantial expenses, and the commitment of substantial corporate resources. The outcome, duration, scope, result or related costs of the securities class action litigation In re: FirstEnergy Corp. Securities Litigation discussed above, are inherently uncertain. Therefore, any of these risks could impact us significantly beyond expectations. See Note 14, "Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies,” of the Combined Notes to Financial Statements of the Registrants and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates.” 10 These matters are likely to continue to have an adverse impact on the trading prices of our securities, which could be material. See Note 14., “Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies,” of the Combined Notes to Financial Statements of the Registrants, for additional details on the government investigations and subsequent litigation surrounding HB 6. Damage to our reputation may arise from numerous sources making us vulnerable to negative customer perception, adverse regulatory outcomes, or other consequences, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our reputation is important towards maintaining new and ongoing positive relationships with customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders. Damage to our reputation could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Such damage may arise from numerous sources further discussed generally within these risk factors. Any damage to our reputation, either generally or as a result of, among other things, changes in our service reliability, our rate affordability or negative outcomes in the ongoing matters relating to HB 6, may lead to negative customer perception, which may make it difficult for us to compete successfully for new opportunities, or could adversely impact our ability to launch new sophisticated technology-driven solutions to meet our customer expectations. A damaged reputation could further result in FERC, the state public utility commissions, and other regulatory and legislative authorities being less likely to view us in a favorable light and could negatively impact the rates we charge customers or otherwise cause us to be susceptible to unfavorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements. Risks Associated with the Execution of Our Strategic Initiatives and the Regulation of Our Distribution and Transmission Businesses If our cost saving initiatives do not achieve the expected benefits, there could be negative impacts to FirstEnergy's business, results of operations and financial condition. FirstEnergy is engaged in an ongoing effort to create a culture of continuous improvement to strategically reduce our operating expenditures and continually reinvest in a more diverse capital program in support of our long-term strategy. FirstEnergy leverages opportunities to reduce costs – such as filling only critical positions, implementing our facility optimization plans, deploying advanced technology, including but not limited to artificial intelligence, and exploring other additional, sustainable opportunities, such as reducing contractor spend. There can be no assurance that implementation of our continuous improvement culture will allow us to realize the anticipated benefits to our business, results of operations and financial condition in a timely manner, if at all. Our ability to achieve the continued benefits from our cost saving initiatives is subject to many estimates and assumptions as well as our ability to hire, recruit and retain an appropriately qualified workforce and implement a culture of continuous improvement. FirstEnergy could experience unexpected delays and business disruptions resulting from supporting these initiatives, decreased productivity, and higher than anticipated costs, any of which may impair our ability to reduce operating expenditures and to achieve anticipated results or otherwise harm FirstEnergy's business, results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to grow our distribution and transmission businesses is subject to numerous risks and events, many of which are outside of our control. The success of our growth strategy will depend, in part, on the successful growth of revenue resulting from our transmission investments in line with our expectations. Factors that may affect our revenue growth may include: (1) FERC’s timely approval of rates to recover such investments; (2) whether investments are included in PJM's RTEP; (3) FERC's evolving policies with respect to incentive rates for transmission investment assets, the calculation of the base ROE component of transmission rates, and the interconnection of AI data centers and transmission network upgrades supporting such large loads; (4) FERC’s potentially-evolving policies regarding whether certain classes of network transmission upgrade costs can be capitalized as part of transmission rates and whether such costs will be direct charged to the connecting customer; (5) consideration and potential impact of the objections of those who oppose such investments and their recovery; and (6) timely development, construction, and operation of the new facilities. Our ability to capitalize on investment opportunities available to our distribution business depends, in part, on any future distribution rate cases or other filings seeking cost recovery for distribution system enhancements in the states where our Electric Companies operate, including maintaining the affordability of the rates charged to customers. Any denial of, or delay in, the approval of any future distribution or transmission rate requests could restrict us from fully recovering our cost of service, may impose risks on the distribution and transmission operations, and could have a material adverse effect on our regulatory strategy, results of operations and financial condition. State rate regulation may delay or deny full recovery of costs and impose risks on our operations. Any denial of or delay in cost recovery could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, liquidity, cash flows and financial condition. The retail rates for each of the Electric Companies are set by each of its respective regulatory agency for utilities in the state in which it operates - in Maryland by the MDPSC, in New Jersey by the NJBPU, in Ohio by the PUCO, in Pennsylvania by the 11 PPUC, in West Virginia by the WVPSC and in New York by the NYPSC – through traditional, cost-based regulated utility ratemaking. As a result, any of the Electric Companies may not be permitted to recover its costs and, even if it is able to do so, there may be a significant delay between the time it incurs such costs and the time it is allowed to recover them. Factors that may affect outcomes in the distribution rate cases include, but are not limited to: (i) the value of plant in service; (ii) authorized rate of return; (iii) capital structure (including hypothetical capital structures); (iv) depreciation rates; (v) the allocation of shared costs, including consolidated deferred income taxes and income taxes payable across the Electric Companies; (vi) regulatory approval of rate recovery mechanisms for capital investment spending programs; and (vii) the accuracy of forecasts used for ratemaking purposes in "future test year" cases. Evolving legislation and executive actions related to our rates enacted by individual states, such as Ohio Senate Bill 2 of 2025 and Executive Order No. 2 of 2026 issued by the New Jersey governor on January 20, 2026, may also affect outcomes in distribution rate cases or could create uncertainty around our rate strategy. FirstEnergy can provide no assurance that any base rate request filed by any of the Electric Companies will be granted in whole or in part. Any denial of, or delay in, any base rate request could restrict the applicable utility from fully recovering its costs of service, may impose risks on its operations, and may negatively impact such Electric Company’s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, to the extent that any of the Electric Companies seek an increase in rates, third-party pressure may be exerted on the applicable legislators and regulators to take steps to control rate increases, including through some form of rate increase moderation, reduction or freeze. Any related public discourse and debate, including with respect to the HB 6 litigation, can increase uncertainty associated with the regulatory process, the level of rates and revenues that are ultimately obtained, and the ability of the Electric Company to recover costs. Such uncertainty may restrict operational flexibility and resources, reduce liquidity and increase financing costs. Federal rate regulation may delay or deny full recovery of costs and impose risks on our operations. Any denial or reduction of, or delay in cost recovery could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. FERC policy currently permits recovery of prudently incurred costs associated with cost-of-service-based wholesale power rates and the expansion and updating of transmission infrastructure within its jurisdiction. FERC’s policies on recovery of transmission costs continue to evolve, evidenced by ongoing proceedings to determine an appropriate ROE methodology to determine transmission ROEs, to determine whether FERC’s existing policies on transmission rate incentives should be revised, and to determine whether certain classes of network transmission upgrade costs can be recovered in transmission rates and whether such costs will be direct charged to the connecting customer. If FERC were to adopt a different policy regarding recovery of transmission costs or if there is any resulting delay in cost recovery, our strategy of investing in transmission could be adversely affected. If FERC were to lower the rate of return it has authorized for FirstEnergy's cost-based wholesale power rates or transmission investments and facilities, it could reduce future earnings and cash flows, and adversely impact our financial condition. FERC, at the instruction of the U.S. Secretary of Energy, is also considering whether to develop regulations intended to speed interconnection of AI data centers and “hybrid” data center/electric generation facilities (collectively, “large loads”) to the transmission system. Final regulations, if any, from FERC are expected in the second quarter of 2026. To the extent the new regulations promulgated by FERC do not permit transmission utilities to fully recover costs associated with transmission network upgrades required to serve new large loads, our strategy of investing in transmission could be adversely affected. External pressures beyond our control may increase customer rates and, when combined with state and federal regulatory action to mitigate bill impacts, may impair our ability to earn a fair and equitable return on our investments and execute our strategy. PJM’s recent capacity auctions have been subject to a “price collar” that has resulted from all-time high generation capacity prices in recent auction outcomes. These all-time high capacity prices ultimately are passed through in retail rates and can result in material increases in retail customers’ monthly electric utility bills. On January 16, 2026, the PJM board along with various federal and state officials, expressed interest in extending the price collar through mid-2030. In addition, the parties to the Statement of Principles suggested that PJM should conduct a “backstop” auction to procure additional generation capacity, with the costs to be allocated first to “new” data centers and second to existing PJM loads. If the PJM capacity auctions continue to clear at the auction cap, and if PJM conducts a “backstop” capacity auction that clears at a high price point, customer resistance to the resulting market driven increases on the generation portion of their bills could lead to increased pressure for state and federal utility regulators to limit the needed capital investment in transmission and distribution systems required for safe, reliable and resilient service to customers, which may impair our ability to earn a fair and equitable return on our investments and execute our strategy. Our investments in transmission and distribution infrastructure modernization, reliability improvements, environmental compliance and storm hardening may increase customer bills over time and the resulting higher electric bills, when combined with the external pressures discussed above, may place pressure on residential customers’ affordability, particularly in portions of our service territory with lower median household income or high energy burdens and/or amongst those customers who have already seen significant retail bill increases. State and federal regulators may also adopt or modify policies intended to mitigate customer bill impacts – including disallowance or delayed recovery of certain capital investments or operating expenses, mandated bill assistance programs, changes to rate design, or restrictions on rate increases. Customer concerns regarding affordability may result in increased regulatory scrutiny, constraints on the size and timing of rate increases, expanded bill 12 mitigation requirements, or disallowances, any of which could adversely affect our ability to recover costs or earn our authorized return on equity. In addition, sustained increases in customer bills may lead to reduced electricity usage through conservation, energy efficiency, or distributed generation, which could limit future load growth and revenues. Regulatory agencies may also require utilities to offset portions of rising costs related to grid modernization, resilience investments, environmental compliance, or rapidly evolving market conditions if they determine that such costs would unduly affect customer affordability. Any such actions could limit or delay our ability to recover costs or investments, earn a fair and equitable return, or maintain expected cash flows and could have an adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Complex and changing federal, state and local government regulations and actions, including those associated with rates, could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to comprehensive regulation by various federal, state and local regulatory agencies that significantly influence our operating environment. Changes in, or reinterpretations of, existing laws or regulations, or the imposition of new laws or regulations, by federal executive orders or otherwise, have in the past and could in the future require us to incur additional costs, which could be substantial, or change the way we conduct our business, and therefore could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. We could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards set by NERC, FERC, and RFC or changes in the rules of organized markets, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. Our operations are subjected to audit by FERC, NERC and RFC, which may conduct routine or special audits and issue requests designed to ensure compliance with applicable rules, regulations, policies and procedures. Among other rules, regulations, policies and procedures, owners, operators, and users of the bulk electric system are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by NERC and approved by FERC. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure that the bulk electric system operates reliably. NERC, RFC and FERC continue to refine existing reliability standards as well as develop and adopt new reliability standards. The reliability standards address operation, planning, and security of the bulk electricity system, including requirements with respect to real-time transmission operations, emergency operations, vegetation management, critical infrastructure protection, and personnel training. Compliance with modified or new reliability standards may subject us to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditure. If we were found not to be in compliance with one or more of the mandatory reliability standards, we and/or our subsidiaries could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties. For example, FERC has the authority under the FPA to impose penalties up to and including $1.5 million per day, subject thereafter to annual adjustments for inflation, for failure to comply with these mandatory reliability standards. Potential non-monetary sanctions include imposing limitations on the violator’s activities or operations. In addition, PJM may direct our transmission-owning affiliates to build new transmission facilities to meet PJM's reliability requirements or to provide new or expanded transmission service under the PJM Tariff. We may be allocated a portion of the cost of transmission facilities built by others due to changes in RTO transmission rate design. We may be required to expand our transmission system according to decisions made by an RTO rather than our own internal planning processes. Various proposals and proceedings before FERC may cause transmission rates to change from time to time. In addition, RTOs have been developing rules associated with the allocation and methodology of assigning costs associated with improved transmission reliability, reduced transmission congestion and firm transmission rights that may have a financial impact on us. As a member of PJM, which is an RTO, we are subject to certain additional risks, including those associated with the allocation among members of losses caused by unreimbursed defaults of other participants in PJM’s market, as well as those associated with complaint cases filed against PJM that may seek refunds of revenues previously earned by its members. Risks Related to Our Business Operations Demand for electricity within our service territory could exceed supply capacity, resulting in negative impacts to FirstEnergy’s reputation, results and financial condition, particularly if our systems are not performing as anticipated. Recent industry projections reflect the potential for significant growth in energy demand over the next decade. This could be exacerbated if additional generation resources are not available to meet increased demand in the future. For example, data centers have substantially larger load requirements than typical residential or commercial users. New data centers or increase in demand for existing data centers located in our service territories could increase load requirements substantially over the next several years, thereby increasing the aggregate load obligations of the Electric Companies. A need to serve the load obligations of these data centers, which could be up to 16,985 MWs through 2035, has the potential to adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. At the same time, our planning could be adversely affected if electricity usage by data centers is ultimately lower than projected, which could reduce anticipated load growth. 13 We continue to evaluate the potential impacts of the development, construction, and operation of new data centers in our service territories and will continue to evaluate potential mitigants to these risks. FirstEnergy cannot predict whether the data centers under consideration will ever commence operations or the size of the load obligations of those that do become operational. Competitive market forces or adverse regulatory actions may require FirstEnergy to purchase capacity and energy from the market or build additional resources to meet customers’ energy needs in an expedited manner. If that occurs, we may see opposition to recovery of these additional costs and could experience a lag between when costs are incurred and when regulators permit recovery in rates. These situations could have negative impacts on results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, in the event of electricity shortages, our ability to maintain service reliability may be compromised, which could adversely affect our financial performance, customer satisfaction, and compliance with regulatory requirements. The hazardous activities associated with generation and distribution of electricity could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring, transporting and unloading fuel, operating large pieces of rotating equipment and delivering electricity to transmission and distribution systems. In addition to naturally occurring risks, such as earthquakes, floods, lightning, wildfire, hurricanes and wind, other hazards, such as fire, explosion, electrocution, collapse and machinery failure, are inherent risks in our operations which may occur as a result of inadequate internal processes, technological flaws, human error or actions of third parties or other external events. The identification, control and management of these risks depend upon adequate development and training of personnel and on operational procedures, preventative maintenance plans, and specific programs supported by quality control systems, which may not prevent the occurrence and impact of these risks. The hazards described above, along with other safety hazards associated with our operations, can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of PP&E, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. The occurrence of any one of these events may result in our being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and fines and/or penalties. Our business is affected by variations in weather and severe weather conditions. Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electric power. Demand for power generally peaks during the summer and winter months, with market prices also typically peaking at that time. Overall operating results may fluctuate based on weather conditions. In addition, we have historically sold less power, and consequently received less revenue, when seasonal weather conditions are milder. In addition, severe weather, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, ice or snowstorms, droughts, high winds or other natural disasters, may cause outages and property damage that may require us to incur additional costs that are generally not insured and that may not be recoverable from customers. The effect of the failure of our facilities to operate as planned under these conditions would be particularly burdensome during a peak demand period and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, which adverse effects could be further exacerbated by an increased frequency of such severe weather events. Cyber-attacks, data security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology systems, or those of third parties we are connected to or do business with, could compromise our business operations, critical and proprietary information and employee and customer data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. We rely on complex information technology systems to operate our generation, transmission and distribution networks and to store sensitive business, employee and customer data. Increasingly sophisticated cyber-attacks, ransomware, and other security breaches—whether targeting us or third parties with whom we do business—could disrupt operations, compromise confidential information, and result in significant financial, legal, and reputational harm. Cybersecurity threats, including those that exploit advances in technologies such as artificial intelligence, continue to grow in frequency and sophistication, and the security controls we implement may not fully prevent or detect all such threats or incidents. Emerging artificial intelligence technologies may be used to develop new hacking tools, obscure malicious activities, exploit vulnerabilities, and increase the difficulty of detecting threats. Despite ongoing investments in cybersecurity, we cannot guarantee prevention or timely detection of all threats, which continue to evolve and may be amplified by interconnected systems. A successful attack or breach could lead to service interruptions, regulatory penalties, litigation, remediation costs, and loss of customer trust. Any such cyber incident could result in significant lost revenue, the inability to conduct critical business functions and serve customers for a significant period of time, the loss of confidential, sensitive and proprietary information, including but not limited to personal information of our customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and other third parties, the use of significant management resources, legal claims or proceedings, regulatory penalties, significant remediation costs, increased regulation, increased capital costs, increased insurance costs, increased protection costs for enhanced cybersecurity systems or personnel, and/or damage to our reputation, all of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 14 Our insurance coverage may not provide protection against all significant losses and our ability to obtain insurance coverage, as well as the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. If we cannot or do not obtain adequate insurance coverage, we may be required to pay costs associated with adverse future events. Through a combination of third-party and self-insurance, we have a comprehensive insurance program in place to provide coverage for various types of risks, including severe weather or other natural disasters, war, terrorism, cyber incidents, liability claims against us, or a combination of other significant unforeseen events that could impact our operations. However, insurance coverage may not continue to be available or may not be available at rates or on terms similar to those presently available to us. Our ability to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by the financial condition of insurers, the impacts of actual or perceived climate-related events, as well as international, national, state, local or company-specific events. There may be some instances in which we are not fully insured against all significant losses. A loss for which we are not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Macroeconomic conditions that are beyond our control, such as government fiscal policy, tariffs, recessions, inflation and interest rate pressures, may negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows. Economic conditions, including those that may arise from government fiscal policy, tariffs, recessions, inflationary and interest rate pressures, may impact the demand for electricity and, therefore, any decline in economic conditions could lead to declines in the demand for electricity, which would reduce our revenues. Prices for equipment, materials, supplies, employee labor contractor services, together with the cost of variable-rate debt, have increased in recent years and could continue to increase in 2026 and beyond. Inflation and broader economic conditions have continued to drive up the price of the cost of essential components used in the construction of transmission infrastructure, such as electrical equipment, steel and aluminum, and we may experience supply chain disruptions and long lead times for critical equipment. Long-term inflationary pressures may result in such prices continuing to increase more quickly than expected. Inflation increases costs for labor, materials and services, and we may be unable to secure these resources on economically acceptable terms or offset such costs with increased revenues, operating efficiencies, or cost savings, which may adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows. We have near-term exposure to interest rates from outstanding short-term indebtedness indexed to variable interest rates, and we have exposure to future interest rates to the extent we seek to raise long-term debt in the capital markets to meet maturing debt obligations and fund construction or other investment opportunities. Past disruptions in capital and credit markets, as well as the U.S. Federal Reserve's interest rate policies, have resulted in volatile interest rates on new publicly issued debt securities and increased costs for variable interest rate debt securities. Disruptions in capital and credit markets, or the Federal Reserve Board's interest rate policies, could result in volatile interest rates on new publicly issued debt securities and increase our financing costs and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. Also, interest rates could change as a result of economic or other events that are beyond the control of our risk management processes. As a result, we cannot always predict the impact that our risk management decisions may have if actual events lead to greater losses or costs than our risk management positions were intended to hedge. Significant and sustained increases in market interest rates could materially increase our financing costs and negatively impact our reported results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. Supply chain disruptions could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. We have in the past and may in the future experience supply chain challenges due to economic conditions that developed during the COVID-19 pandemic and have continued in the years since, with order lead times increasing across numerous material categories. The situation is fluid and a prolonged continuation or further increase in supply chain disruptions could have an adverse effect on FirstEnergy’s results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. Our operations and corporate strategy may also be adversely affected by supply chain disruptions and inflation, including shortages and delays in key materials, equipment and contractor services. Such disruptions could be exacerbated by unstable or uncertain macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures. Any significant disruption or increased costs arising from these pressures on our suppliers may inhibit our access to, or require us to spend more money to source, certain products or that we use in our operations. Furthermore, change or uncertainty in U.S. policies or the policies of other countries and regions in which our suppliers do business, including any changes or uncertainty with respect to U.S. or international trade policies or tariffs, could also disrupt our key suppliers’ operations. The presidential administration took action in 2025 to impose substantial new or increased tariffs. Any widespread imposition of new or increased tariffs could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. New or increased tariffs could also negatively affect U.S. national or regional economies, which also could negatively impact our business and results of operations. The supply chain of goods and services we rely on could be impacted by sanctions, tariffs, manufacturing labor shortages and domestic and international shipping constraints, which could increase our costs and delay delivery of critical materials. We are subject to financial performance risks from regional and general economic cycles as well as data centers and heavy industries such as shale gas, automotive, chemical and steel. 15 Our business follows economic cycles. The regional economy in which the Electric Companies operate is influenced by conditions in industries in our business territories, e.g., data centers, shale gas, automotive, chemical, steel and other heavy industries, and as these conditions and resultant demand of those industries for electricity generation changes, our revenues will be impacted. Additionally, the operations of the Electric Companies are affected by the economic conditions in their respective service territories and those conditions could negatively impact the rate of delinquent customer accounts and our collections of accounts receivable, which could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. FirstEnergy is subject to risks arising from the operation of its electric generation facilities and transmission and distribution equipment which could reduce revenues, increase expenses and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Operation of transmission and distribution facilities, and in the case of MP, electric generation facilities, involves risk, including the risk of potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply or transportation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages by employees, human error in operations or maintenance, acts of terrorism or sabotage, cyber-attacks, construction delays or cost overruns, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from environmental requirements and governmental interventions, and operational performance below expected levels. In addition, weather-related incidents and other natural disasters can disrupt generation, transmission and distribution delivery systems. Because our transmission facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of our facilities could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties. Capital investments and construction projects may not be completed within forecasted budget, schedule or scope parameters or could be canceled which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. FirstEnergy’s Energize365 business plan calls for extensive capital investments totaling approximately $36 billion from 2026 through 2030. We may be exposed to the risk of substantial price increases in, or the adequacy or availability of, the costs of labor and materials used in construction, nonperformance of equipment and increased costs due to inflation, interest rates or other macroeconomic forces, delays, including delays relating to the procurement of permits or approvals, adverse weather or environmental matters. We engage numerous contractors and enter into a large number of construction agreements to acquire the necessary materials and/or obtain the required construction-related services. As a result, we are also exposed to the risk that these contractors and other counterparties could breach their obligations to us. Such risk could include our contractors’ inabilities to procure sufficient skilled labor as well as potential work stoppages by that labor force. Should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements at then-current market prices that may exceed our contractual prices, with resulting delays in those and other projects. Although our agreements are designed to mitigate the consequences of a potential default by the counterparty, our actual exposure may be greater than these mitigation provisions. Also, because we enter into construction agreements for the necessary materials and to obtain the required construction related services, any cancellation by FirstEnergy of a construction agreement could result in significant termination payments or penalties. Any delays, increased costs or losses, or cancellation of a construction project could adversely affect our business and results of operations, particularly if we are not permitted to recover any such costs in rates. Physical acts of war, terrorism, sabotage or other attacks on any of our facilities or other infrastructure could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. As a result of the continued threat of physical acts of war, terrorism, sabotage or other attacks in the United States, our electric generation, fuel storage, transmission and distribution facilities and other infrastructure, including electric generation facilities, transformer and high voltage lines and substations, or the facilities or other infrastructure of an interconnected company, could be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of war, terrorism, sabotage or other attack, which could result in disruption of our ability to generate, purchase, transmit or distribute electricity for a significant period of time, otherwise disrupt our customer operations and/or result in incidents that could result in harmful effects on the environment and human health, including loss of life. Any such disruption or incident could result in a significant decrease in revenue, significant additional capital and operating costs, including costs to implement additional security systems or personnel to purchase electricity and to replace or repair our assets over and above any available insurance reimbursement, higher insurance deductibles, higher premiums and more restrictive insurance policies, legal claims or proceedings, greater regulation with higher attendant costs, generally, and significant damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Failure to provide safe and reliable service and equipment could result in serious injury or loss of life that may harm our business reputation and adversely affect our operating results. Our employees, contractors and the general public may be exposed to dangerous environments due to the nature of our operations. Failure to provide safe and reliable service and equipment due to various factors, including cyber or physical attacks, equipment failure, accidents, human error, weather or natural disasters, could result in serious injury or loss of life that may harm 16 our business reputation and adversely affect our operating results through reduced revenues, increased capital and operating costs, litigation or the imposition of penalties/
[...TRUNCATED...]