TICKER=FFIV|YEAR=2025|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2025/FFIV_2025-11-25.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information in this report, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating our company and operations. Risk Factor Summary Operational and Execution Risks • Security vulnerabilities or control failures in our IT infrastructure or multicloud application delivery and security products and services as well as unforeseen product errors could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation; • The Cyber Incident has had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, customer, employee and partner relations, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows; • We are dependent on various information technology systems, and failures of or interruptions to those systems could harm our business; • Our success depends on our key personnel and our ability to hire, retain and motivate qualified executives, sales and marketing, operations, product development and professional services personnel; • Cloud-based and SaaS computing trends present competitive and execution risks; • Our success depends upon our ability to effectively plan and manage our resources and restructure our business; • Our business may be harmed if our contract manufacturers are not able to provide us with adequate supplies of our products or if a single source of hardware assembly is lost or impaired; • Our business could suffer if there are any interruptions or delays in the supply of hardware components from our third-party sources; • It is difficult to predict our future operating results because we have an unpredictable sales cycle; • We may not be able to sustain or develop new distribution relationships, and a reduction or delay in sales to significant distribution partners could hurt our business; • Reliance on fulfillment at the end of the quarter could cause our revenue for the applicable period to fall below expected levels; • Our operating results are exposed to risks associated with international commerce; • The average selling price of our products may decrease and our costs may increase, which may negatively impact revenues and profits; and • Acquisitions present many risks and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that are contemplated at the time of the transaction. Strategic and Industry Risks • Our success depends on our timely development of new software and systems products and features, market acceptance of new software and systems product offerings and proper management of the timing of the life cycle of our software and systems products; • Our success depends on sales and continued innovation of our application delivery and security product lines; 12 Table of Contents • Issues related to the development and use of artificial intelligence ("AI") could give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business; • Our business could be adversely impacted by conditions affecting the markets in which we compete; • Industry consolidation may result in increased competition; • We may not be able to compete effectively in the application delivery and security market; and • Misuse of our products could harm our reputation. Legal and Regulatory Risks • Our failure to adequately protect personal information could have a material adverse effect on our business; • A portion of our revenue is generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks; • We face litigation risks; • We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, and our products may infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties; • We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in international markets; and • Changes in governmental regulations could negatively affect our revenues. Financial Risks • We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities; • We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations; • Changes in financial accounting standards may cause adverse unexpected revenue fluctuations and affect our reported results of operations; and • If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting may be adversely affected. Risks Related to our Common Stock • Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may cause our stock price to fluctuate; • Anti-takeover provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us; • Our stock price could be volatile, particularly during times of economic uncertainty and volatility in domestic and international stock markets; and • If securities or industry analysts publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, or discontinue publishing research about our business, the price and trading volume of our securities could decline. General Risks • Macroeconomic downturns or uncertainties may harm our industry, business, and results of operations; • We face risks associated with having operations and employees located in Israel; • Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods, and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by man-made problems such as terrorism; and • Climate change and associated regulation may have an impact on our business. Operational and Execution Risks Security vulnerabilities or control failures in our IT infrastructure or multicloud application delivery and security products and services as well as unforeseen product errors could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation In the ordinary course of business, we store sensitive data, including intellectual property, personal data, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners on our networks. In addition, we store sensitive data through cloud-based services that may be hosted by third parties and in data center infrastructure maintained by third parties. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Our IT infrastructure and 13 Table of Contents those of our partners and customers are subject to the increasing threat of intrusions by a wide range of bad actors and malicious parties, including computer programmers, hackers or sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors, or they may be compromised due to employee error or wrongful conduct, malfeasance, or other disruptions. Despite our security measures, and those of our third-party vendors, our IT infrastructure has experienced breaches or disruptions, including the Cyber Incident, and may be vulnerable in the future to breach, attacks or disruptions. If any breach or attack, including the Cyber Incident, compromises our IT infrastructure, creates system disruptions or slowdowns or exploits security vulnerabilities therein, the information stored on our networks or those of our customers could be accessed and modified, publicly disclosed, or lost or stolen, and we may be subject to liability to our customers, individuals, suppliers, business partners and others, and may suffer reputational and financial harm. Our multicloud application delivery and security products and services are used by our customers to manage their critical applications and data. Bad actors and other malicious parties, have in the past and may attempt in the future to exploit security vulnerabilities and control weaknesses in our internal IT infrastructure or cloud environments that support our SaaS-based and managed solutions and services as well as our products that may be deployed in a customer environment. Despite our efforts to harden our IT infrastructure, our delivery and security products and services against these risks, those efforts may not be successful, and from time to time, those systems and products could be compromised. Threat actors can seek to exploit, among other things, known or unknown vulnerabilities and control weaknesses in technology included in our IT infrastructure, delivery and security products and services, and failure to quickly identify, patch or mitigate security vulnerabilities or strengthen security controls could render our IT infrastructure, delivery and security products and services susceptible to a cyber-attack which may subject the Company to liability to our customers, suppliers, business partners and others, as well as reputational and financial harm. Moreover, inadequate or incomplete security monitoring, logging, asset management, or internal reporting and escalation, or gaps in coverage of security tools in our environment, could impact our ability to detect and respond to threats early and efficiently, giving threat actors an opportunity to gain or maintain access to our environment undetected. Finally, we rely on a number of third parties who connect to our network or with whom we share data, to support our business and operations, and to the extent that these third parties have weaknesses or deficiencies in their security program or vulnerabilities, they present business, operational, reputational, financial and legal risk. If any one or more of these vendors' security is compromised, it could have similar consequences as if we experienced a security event ourselves. Our products may also contain undetected errors, defects, or vulnerabilities when first introduced or as new versions are released. We have experienced these issues in the past in connection with new products and product upgrades. Our products also must successfully operate with products from other vendors. As our products and customer IT infrastructures become increasingly complex, customers may also experience unforeseen errors in implementing our products into their IT environments or integrating them with other vendor products. We expect that these errors, defects, or vulnerabilities will be found from time to time in new or enhanced products after commencement of commercial shipments. Any of these may temporarily or permanently disable our end-customers’ networks, information technology infrastructure or other systems, or expose our end-customers’ networks to attacks or compromise from security threats. These problems may cause us to incur significant warranty and repair costs, divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts, cause significant customer relations problems, result in legal claims or liability, and impact demand for our products and services. We may also be subject to liability claims for damages. We carry insurance policies covering these types of liabilities, but these policies may not provide sufficient protection should a claim be asserted. A material product liability claim may harm our business and results of operations. Any errors, defects, control failures, or vulnerabilities in our products or IT infrastructure, including the Cyber Incident, could result in: • expenditures of significant financial and product development resources in efforts to analyze, correct, eliminate, or work-around errors and defects or to address and eliminate vulnerabilities; • remediation costs, such as liability for stolen assets or information, repairs or system damage; • increased cybersecurity protection costs which may include systems and technology changes, training, and engagement of third party experts and consultants; • increased insurance premiums; • loss of existing or potential customers or channel partners; • loss of proprietary information leading to lost competitive positioning and lost revenues; • inaccessibility to certain data or systems necessary to operate the business; • negative publicity and damage to our reputation; • delayed or lost revenue; 14 Table of Contents • delay or failure to attain market acceptance or decrease in demand for our products and services; • an increase in warranty claims compared with our historical experience, or an increased cost of servicing warranty claims, either of which would adversely affect our gross margins; and • litigation, regulatory inquiries, or investigations that may be costly and harm our reputation. The Cyber Incident has had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, customer, employee and partner relations, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows The Cyber Incident may harm our reputation, our customers, employee and partner relations and our operations and business. Customers may in the future defer purchasing or choose to cancel or not renew their agreements or subscriptions with us. We may expend significant costs and expenses related to the Cyber Incident including in connection with our investigations, and to address the damage to our reputation, customer, employee and partner relations. If we are unable to maintain the trust of our current and prospective customers and partners, or our personnel continue to have to devote significant time to the Cyber Incident, our business, market share, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected. As a result of the Cyber Incident and market forces beyond our control, the cost of our insurance may increase substantially, and we may not be able to obtain additional or comparable insurance coverage on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, governmental authorities investigating the Cyber Incident may seek to impose undertakings, injunctive relief, consent decrees, or other civil or criminal penalties, which could, among other things, materially increase our software development and related expenses or otherwise require us to alter how we operate our business. Further, any legislative or regulatory changes adopted in reaction to the Cyber Incident could require us to make modifications to the operation of our business that could have an adverse effect or increase or accelerate our compliance costs. We have not seen any evidence of modification to our software supply chain, including our source code and our build release pipelines. We have confirmed that the threat actor exfiltrated files from our BIG-IP product development environment and engineering knowledge management platform. The discovery of new or different information regarding the Cyber Incident, including with respect to its scope and impact on our systems, products or customers, could increase our costs and liabilities related to the Cyber Incident and result in further damage to our business, reputation, intellectual property, results of operations and financial condition. The Cyber Incident also may embolden other threat actors to further target our systems, which could result in additional harm to our business. We cannot ensure that our steps to secure our systems, our product development environments and protect the security and integrity of the products that we deliver will be successful to protect against threat actors or cyberattacks or perceived by existing and prospective customers as sufficient to address the harm caused by the Cyber Incident. We are dependent on various information technology systems, and failures of or interruptions to those systems could harm our business Many of our business processes depend upon our IT systems, the systems and processes of third parties, including cloud hosting service providers, and on interfaces with the systems of third parties. For example, our order entry system provides information to the systems of our contract manufacturers, which enables them to build and ship our products. If those systems fail or are interrupted, or if our ability to connect to or interact with one or more networks is interrupted, our processes may function at a diminished level or not at all. This could harm our ability to ship products or our ability to deliver cloud-based services used in our operations, which could harm our financial results. Further, our Distributed Cloud Services infrastructure is dependent on our IT systems and related software interfaces, including third-party cloud hosting providers, in order to maintain a reliable and consistent level of performance for our customers. If those systems experience an outage, fail, or are otherwise interrupted, or if our ability to connect to or interact with one or more networks is interrupted, platform services may function at a diminished level or not at all. This could harm our ability to deliver services to our customers, which could harm our customers and our financial results. In addition, reconfiguring our IT systems or other business processes in response to changing business needs may be time-consuming and costly. To the extent this impacted our ability to react timely to specific market or business opportunities, our financial results may be harmed. 15 Table of Contents Our success depends on our key personnel and our ability to hire, retain and motivate qualified executives, sales and marketing, operations, product development and professional services personnel Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract, engage, retain, and integrate qualified executives and other key employees throughout all areas of our business. In order to attract and retain executives and other key employees in a competitive marketplace, we must provide a competitive compensation package, including cash- and equity-based compensation. If we do not obtain the stockholder approval needed to continue granting equity compensation in a competitive manner, our ability to attract, retain, and motivate executives and key employees could be weakened. Failure to successfully hire executives and key employees or the loss of any executives and key employees could have a significant impact on our operations. We have recently experienced changes in our senior leadership team and we expect to continue to see changes as we build the team that is needed to execute our strategy. Changes in our management team may be disruptive to our business, and any failure to successfully integrate key new hires or promoted employees could adversely affect our business and results of operations. The complexity of our products and their integration into existing networks and ongoing support, as well as the sophistication of our sales and marketing effort, requires us to retain highly trained developers, professional services, customer support and sales personnel. Competition for qualified developers, professional services, customer support and sales personnel in our industry is intense, especially in Silicon Valley and Seattle where we have substantial operations and a need for highly skilled personnel, because of the limited number of people available with the necessary technical skills and understanding of our products. Also, to the extent we hire personnel from competitors, we may be subject to allegations that they have been improperly solicited, that they have divulged proprietary or other confidential information, that they have violated non-compete obligations to their prior employers, or that their former employers own their inventions or other work product. Our ability to hire and retain these personnel may be adversely affected by volatility or reductions in the price of our common stock or our ability to get approval from shareholders to offer additional common stock to our employees, since these employees are generally granted restricted stock units. The loss of services of any of our key personnel, the inability to retain and attract qualified personnel in the future or delays in hiring qualified personnel may harm our business and results of operations. In addition, restructuring plans to better align strategic and financial objectives, optimize operations, and drive efficiencies for long-term growth and profitability, may include a reduction in force of the Company's workforce. These restructuring activities could lead to increased attrition amongst those employees who were not directly affected by the reduction in force program. Cloud-based and SaaS computing trends present competitive and execution risks Customers are transitioning to a hybrid computing environment utilizing various cloud-based software and services accessed via various smart client devices. Pricing and delivery models are evolving and our competitors are developing and deploying cloud-based services for customers. In addition, new cloud infrastructures are enabling the emergence of new competitors including large cloud providers who offer their own application delivery and security functionality as well as smaller companies targeting the growing numbers of "born in the cloud" applications. We devote significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based and SaaS software and services strategies. While we believe our expertise and investments in software and infrastructure for cloud-based services provides us with a strong foundation to compete, it is uncertain whether our strategies will continue to attract the customers or generate the revenue required to be successful. In addition to software development costs, we are incurring costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud-computing and SaaS services to secure our customers’ data. These costs may reduce the gross and operating margins we have previously achieved. Whether we are successful in this new business model depends on our execution in a number of areas, including: • continuing to innovate and bring to market compelling cloud-based and SaaS services through consumption models that generate increasing traffic and market share; • maintaining the utility, compatibility and performance of our software on the growing array of cloud and SaaS computing platforms and the enhanced interoperability requirements associated with orchestration of cloud computing environments; and • implementing the infrastructure and the securitization of our customers' data to deliver our own cloud-based and SaaS services. These new business models may reduce our revenues or gross and operating margins and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our success depends upon our ability to effectively plan and manage our resources and restructure our business Our ability to successfully offer our products and services in a rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning, forecasting, and management process to enable us to effectively scale and adjust our business and business models in response to fluctuating market opportunities and conditions. From time to time, we have increased investment in our business by increasing headcount, acquiring companies, and increasing our investment in research and development, sales and marketing, and other parts of our business. Conversely, in the last few years, we have initiated restructuring plans to better align strategic 16 Table of Contents and financial objectives, optimize operations, and drive efficiencies for long-term growth and profitability, which resulted in restructuring charges. Our ability to achieve the anticipated cost savings and other benefits from these initiatives is subject to many estimates and assumptions, which are subject to uncertainties. If our estimates and assumptions are incorrect, if we are unsuccessful at implementing changes, or if other unforeseen events occur, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our business may be harmed if our contract manufacturers are not able to provide us with adequate supplies of our products or if a single source of hardware assembly is lost or impaired We outsource the manufacturing of our hardware platforms to third party contract manufacturers who assemble these hardware platforms to our specifications. We have experienced minor delays in shipments from contract manufacturers in the past. However, if we experience major delays in the future or other problems, such as inferior quality and insufficient quantity of product, any one or a combination of these factors may harm our business and results of operations. The inability of our contract manufacturers to provide us with adequate supplies of our products or the loss of one or more of our contract manufacturers may cause a delay in our ability to fulfill orders while we obtain a replacement manufacturer and may harm our business and results of operations. In particular, we currently subcontract manufacturing of our products to a single contract manufacturer. If our arrangement with this single source of hardware assembly was terminated or otherwise impaired, and we were not able to engage another contract manufacturer in a timely manner, our business, financial condition and results of operation could be adversely affected. If the demand for our products grows, we will need to increase our raw material and component purchases, contract manufacturing capacity and internal test and quality control functions. Any disruptions in product flow may limit our revenue, may harm our competitive position and may result in additional costs or cancellation of orders by our customers. Our business could suffer if there are any interruptions or delays in the supply of hardware components from our third-party sources We currently purchase several hardware components used in the assembly of our products from a number of single or limited sources. Lead times for these components vary significantly. The unavailability of suitable components, any interruption or delay in the supply of any of these hardware components or the inability to procure a similar component from alternate sources at acceptable prices within a reasonable time, may delay the assembly of our products and our ability to fulfill sales and, hence, our revenues, and may harm our business and results of operations. It is difficult to predict our future operating results because we have an unpredictable sales cycle Our products have a lengthy sales cycle and the timing of our revenue is difficult to predict. Historically, our sales cycle has tended to lengthen as our products become increasingly complex. Also, as our distribution strategy is focused on a channel model, utilizing value-added resellers, distributors and systems integrators, the level of variability in the length of sales cycle across transactions has increased and made it more difficult to predict the timing of many of our sales transactions. Sales of our products require us to educate potential customers in their use and benefits. Sales of our products are subject to delays from the lengthy internal budgeting, approval and competitive evaluation processes that large enterprises and governmental entities may require. For example, customers frequently begin by evaluating our products on a limited basis and devote time and resources to testing our products before they decide whether or not to purchase. Customers may also defer orders as a result of anticipated releases of new products or enhancements by our competitors or us. As a result, our products have an unpredictable sales cycle that contributes to the uncertainty of our future operating results. 17 Table of Contents We may not be able to sustain or develop new distribution relationships, and a reduction or delay in sales to significant distribution partners could hurt our business We sell our products and services through multiple distribution channels in the United States and internationally, including leading industry distributors, value-added resellers, systems integrators, service providers and other indirect channel partners. We have a limited number of agreements with companies in these channels, and we may not be able to increase our number of distribution relationships or maintain our existing relationships. Recruiting and retaining qualified channel partners and training them in our technologies requires significant time and resources. These channel partners may also market, sell and support products and services that are competitive with ours and may devote more resources to the marketing, sales and support of such competitive products. Our indirect sales channel structure could subject us to lawsuits, potential liability, and reputational harm if, for example, any of our channel partners misrepresent the functionality of our products or services to customers or violate laws or our corporate policies. If we are unable to establish or maintain our indirect sales channels, our business and results of operations will be harmed. In addition, two worldwide distributors of our products accounted for 33.3% of our total net revenue for fiscal year 2025. A substantial reduction or delay in sales of our products to these distribution partners, if not replaced by sales to other indirect channel partners and distributors, could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Reliance on fulfillment at the end of the quarter could cause our revenue for the applicable period to fall below expected levels As a result of customer buying patterns and the efforts of our sales force and channel partners to meet or exceed their sales objectives, we have historically received a substantial portion of sales orders and generated a substantial portion of revenue during the last few weeks of each fiscal quarter. In addition, any significant interruption in our information technology systems, which manage critical functions such as order processing, revenue recognition, financial forecasts, inventory and supply chain management, and trade compliance reviews, could result in delayed order fulfillment and decreased revenue for that fiscal quarter. If expected revenue at the end of any fiscal quarter is delayed for any reason, including the failure of anticipated purchase orders to materialize, our third party contract manufacturers’ inability to manufacture and ship products prior to fiscal quarter-end to fulfill purchase orders received near the end of the fiscal quarter, our failure to manage inventory to meet demand, our inability to release new products on schedule, any failure of our systems related to order review and processing, or any delays in shipments based on trade compliance requirements, our revenue for that quarter could fall below our expectations, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our common stock. Our operating results are exposed to risks associated with international commerce As our international sales increase, our operating results become more exposed to international operating risks. Additionally, our international sales and operations are subject to a number of risks, including the following: • greater difficulty in enforcing contracts and accounts receivable collection and longer collection periods; • the uncertainty of protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; • greater risk of unexpected changes in regulatory practices, tariffs, and tax laws and treaties; • risks associated with trade restrictions and foreign legal requirements, including the importation, certification, and localization of our products required in foreign countries; • greater risk of a failure of foreign employees, partners, distributors, and resellers to comply with both U.S. and foreign laws, including antitrust regulations, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and any trade regulations ensuring fair trade practices; • heightened risk of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements that may impact financial results and result in restatements of, or irregularities in, financial statements; • increased expenses incurred in establishing and maintaining office space and equipment for our international operations; • greater difficulty in recruiting local experienced personnel, and the costs and expenses associated with such activities; • management communication and integration problems resulting from cultural and geographic dispersion; • fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies in markets where we do business; • economic uncertainty around the world, including geopolitical, trade, economic and diplomatic relations may result in regulatory, operational, and cost challenges to our global operations; and • general economic and political conditions in these foreign markets. 18 Table of Contents We must hire and train experienced personnel to staff and manage our foreign operations. To the extent that we experience difficulties in recruiting, training, managing, and retaining an international staff, and specifically staff related to sales management and sales personnel, we may experience difficulties in sales productivity in foreign markets. We also enter into strategic distributor and reseller relationships with companies in certain international markets where we do not have a local presence. If we are not able to maintain successful strategic distributor relationships internationally or recruit additional companies to enter into strategic distributor relationships, our future success in these international markets could be limited. Business practices in the international markets that we serve may differ from those in the United States and may require us in the future to include terms other than our standard terms in customer contracts. We intend to continue expanding into international markets. These factors and other factors could harm our ability to gain future international revenues and, consequently, materially impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. The expansion of our existing international operations and entry into additional international markets will require significant management attention and financial resources. Our failure to successfully manage our international operations and the associated risks effectively could limit the future growth of our business. The average selling price of our products may decrease and our costs may increase, which may negatively impact revenues and profits It is possible that the average selling prices of our products will decrease in the future in response to competitive pricing pressures, increased sales discounts, including responses to inflationary pressures, new product introductions by us or our competitors, or other factors. Therefore, in order to maintain our profits, we must develop and introduce new products and product enhancements on a timely basis and continually reduce our product costs. Our failure to do so could cause our revenue and profits to decline, which would harm our business and results of operations. In addition, we may experience substantial period-to-period fluctuations in future operating results due to the erosion of our average selling prices. Acquisitions present many risks and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that are contemplated at the time of the transaction With respect to our past acquisitions, as well as any other future acquisitions we may undertake, we may find that the acquired businesses, products or technologies do not further our business strategy as expected, that we paid more than what the assets are later worth or that economic conditions change, all of which may generate future impairment charges. Our acquisitions may be viewed negatively by customers, financial markets or investors. There may be difficulty integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired business, and we may have difficulty retaining the key personnel of the acquired business. We may have difficulty in integrating the acquired technologies or products with our existing product lines. Our ongoing business and management’s attention may be disrupted or diverted by transition or integration issues and the complexity of managing geographically and culturally diverse locations. We may have difficulty maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies across locations. We may experience significant problems or liabilities associated with product quality, technology and other matters. Our inability to successfully operate and integrate newly-acquired businesses appropriately, effectively and in a timely manner, or to retain key personnel of any acquired business, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to take advantage of further growth in demand for application delivery and security solutions and other advances in technology, as well as on our revenues, gross margins and expenses. Strategic and Industry Risks Our success depends on our timely development of new software and systems products and features, market acceptance of new software and systems product offerings and proper management of the timing of the life cycle of our software and systems products The markets for our products and services are characterized by: • rapid technological change; • evolving industry standards; • consolidation of network and application functions into existing network infrastructure products; • requirements that our products interoperate with technologies from other vendors to enable ease of management; • fluctuations in customer demand; • changes in customer requirements; and 19 Table of Contents • frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements. Our continued success depends on our ability to identify and develop new software and systems products and new features for our existing software and systems products, to meet the demands of these changes, and the acceptance of those products and features by our existing and target customers. In addition, our software and systems products must interoperate with our end customers’ IT infrastructure, including the rapid adoption of AI-enabled software and systems, expanding use of the cloud and hybrid cloud environments, which often have different specifications, deploy products from multiple vendors, and utilize multiple protocol standards. Our customers’ IT infrastructure is becoming more complex and we may be reliant on orchestration and interoperability with third party vendors on whom we are reliant for testing and support of new software and systems product versions and configurations. If we are unable to identify, develop and deploy new software and systems products and new product features on a timely basis, our business and results of operations may be harmed. The current development cycle for our software and systems products varies and has become increasingly complex due to the sophistication and the addressing of our customers' needs. The development timetable to commercial release and availability to our customers is uncertain, and the introduction of new products or product enhancements may shorten the life cycle of our existing products, or replace sales of some of our current products, thereby offsetting the benefit of even a successful product introduction, and may cause customers to defer purchasing our existing products in anticipation of the new products. This could harm our operating results by decreasing sales of our software and systems products, or increasing our inventory levels of older systems products and exposing us to greater risk of product obsolescence. We have also experienced, and may in the future experience, delays in developing and releasing new software and systems products and related product enhancements. This has led to, and may in the future lead to, delayed sales, increased expenses and lower quarterly revenue than anticipated. Also, in the development of our systems products, we have experienced delays in the prototyping, which in turn has led to delays in product introductions. In addition, complexity and difficulties in managing product transitions at the end-of-life stage of a product can create excess inventory of components associated with the outgoing product that can lead to increased expenses. Any or all of the above problems could materially harm our business and results of operations. Our success depends on sales and continued innovation of our application delivery and security product lines We expect to derive a significant portion of our net revenues from the sale of our cloud, software and hardware application delivery and security product lines in the future. Implementation of our strategy depends upon these products being able to solve critical network availability, performance and security problems for our customers. If our products are unable to solve these problems for our customers or if we are unable to sustain the high levels of innovation in product feature sets needed to maintain leadership in what will continue to be a competitive market environment, our business and results of operations will be harmed. We operate in an industry of evolving standards and rapid technological advancements. If our competitors are able to develop and implement compelling technological innovations or features into their product offerings or services more rapidly or successfully than we do in the future, our ability to compete effectively may be impacted which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. Issues related to the development and use of artificial intelligence ("AI") could give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business We currently incorporate AI technology in certain of our products and services and in our business operations. Our research and development of such technology remains ongoing. AI presents risks, challenges, and potential unintended consequences that could affect our and our customers’ adoption and use of this technology. AI solutions may use algorithms, datasets, or training methodologies that are incomplete, reflect biases, or contain other flaws or deficiencies. Additionally, AI technologies are complex and rapidly evolving, and we face significant competition in the market and from other companies regarding such technologies. While we aim to develop and use AI responsibly and attempt to identify and mitigate ethical and legal issues presented by its use, we may be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before they arise. The AI-related legal and regulatory landscape remains uncertain and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Our obligations to comply with the evolving legal and regulatory landscape could entail significant costs or limit our ability to incorporate certain AI capabilities into our offerings. AI-related issues, deficiencies and/or failures could (i) give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, including with respect to proposed legislation regulating AI in jurisdictions such as the European Union and others, and as a result of new applications of existing data protection, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws; (ii) damage our reputation; or (iii) otherwise materially harm our business. 20 Table of Contents Our business could be adversely impacted by conditions affecting the markets in which we compete A substantial portion of our business depends on the demand for information technology by large enterprise customers and service providers. We are dependent upon the overall economic health of our current and prospective customers. International, national, regional and local economic conditions, such as recessionary economic cycles, protracted economic slowdown or further deterioration of the economy could adversely impact demand for our products. Demand for our products and services depends substantially upon the general demand for application delivery and security solutions, which fluctuates based on numerous factors, including capital spending levels and growth of our current and prospective customers, as well as general economic conditions. Moreover, the purchase of our products is often discretionary and may involve a significant commitment of capital and other resources. Future economic projections for the information technology sector are uncertain as companies continue to reassess their spending for technology projects and embrace a range of consumption models from physical systems to software, SaaS-based and managed services solutions. As a result, spending priorities for our current and future customers may vary and demand for our products and services may be impacted. In addition, customer buying patterns are changing over time and more customers seek to rent software on a subscription basis and to reduce their total cost of ownership. These evolving business models could lead to changes in demand and licensing strategies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Industry consolidation may result in increased competition Some of our competitors have made acquisitions or e
[...TRUNCATED...]