TICKER=FHN|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/FHN_2026-02-26.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents emissions associated with building, operating, or maintaining our physical facilities, nor are we taxed or fined in relation to those emissions. Changing expectations could pressure us to physically measure, monitor, and curtail direct emissions and to estimate indirect emissions or impacts and eventually could result in federal environmental legal requirements to take those actions or to pay for measured or estimated emissions. Recent state laws and federal disclosure rules concerning GHG emissions could impose significant additional costs upon us. Recent state and federal disclosure laws and regulations related to GHG emissions are discussed in Item 1 of this report. Should these laws become effective as adopted, they could impose significant direct and indirect costs on us, including creating systems to capture relevant data and engaging vendors to provide required assurances. General regulation of GHG emissions, carbon taxation schemes, government subsidies for "green" industries over carbon-intensive ones, and other such political/governmental actions could substantially and directly impact us or our clients. Even if we are not directly impacted in any significant manner by such actions, impacts on clients could have a significant impact on us. Geographic Risks We are subject to risks of operating in various jurisdictions. To a significant degree our banking business is exposed to economic, regulatory, natural disaster, and other risks that primarily impact the southeastern and south-central U.S. where we do most of our traditional lending and deposit taking business. If, as on some occasions in the past, those regions of the U.S. were to experience adversity not shared by other parts of the country, we could experience adversity to a degree not shared by those competitors which have a broader or different regional footprint. Cost increases and uncertainties impacting clients and communities in our coastal markets may jeopardize the substantial growth trends of those markets and could have a significant impact on us. A significant part of our growth prospects are concentrated in the major gulf coast markets and several markets on the southern Atlantic seacoast of the U.S. Many of our fastest growing markets, including most significantly those in Florida, have been and can be impacted significantly by hurricanes and other severe coastal weather events. In recent years it has been widely reported that the economic costs of hurricane and other severe weather events in the U.S. gulf and southern Atlantic coastal areas have been rising significantly, triggering concerns regarding the availability, reliability, and cost of adequate property insurance. Instability in property insurance has made, and will continue to make, our business decisions more difficult, while also increasing our risks of loan loss. More fundamentally, elevated insurance and casualty costs blunt a key factor driving growth in many of these high-growth markets: lower costs of living. If market growth slows, our business could be impacted. We have international assets, mainly in the form of loans and letters of credit. Holding non-U.S. assets creates a number of risks: the risk that taxes, fees, prohibitions, and other barriers and constraints may be created or increased by the U.S. or other countries that would impact our holdings; the risk that currency exchange rates could move unfavorably so as to diminish the U.S. dollar value of assets, or to enlarge the U.S. dollar value of liabilities; and the risk that legal recourse against foreign counterparties may be limited in unexpected ways. Our ability to manage those and other risks depends upon a number of factors, including: our ability to recognize and anticipate differences in legal, cultural, and other expectations applicable to clients, regulators, vendors, and other business partners and counterparties; and our ability to recognize and manage any exchange rate risks to which we are exposed. Insurance Our property and casualty insurance may not cover, or may be inadequate to fully cover, the risks that we face, and we may be adversely affected by a default by insurers. We use insurance to mitigate a number of risks, including damage or destruction of property and losses as well as legal and other liability, including for cyber-related incidents. Not all such risks are insured, in any given insured situation our insurance may be inadequate to cover all loss, and many risks we face are uninsurable. For those risks that are insured, we also face the risks that the insurer may default on its obligations or refuse to honor them. We treat the risk of default as a type of credit risk, which we manage by reviewing the insurers that we use and by striving to use more than one insurer when practical. The risk of refusal, whether due to honest disagreement or bad faith, is inherent in any contractual situation. A portion of our consumer loan portfolio involves mortgage default insurance. If a default insurer were to experience a significant credit downgrade or were to become insolvent, that could adversely affect the carrying value of loans insured by that company, which could result in an immediate increase in our loan loss provision or write-down of the carrying value of those loans on our 29 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents balance sheet and, in either case, a corresponding impact on our financial results. If many default insurers were to experience downgrades or insolvency at the same time, the risk of a financial impact would be amplified. We own certain bank-owned life insurance policies as assets on our balance sheet. Some of those policies are “general account” and others are “separate account.” The general account policies are subject to the risk that the carrier might experience a significant downgrade or become insolvent. The separate account policies are less susceptible to carrier risk, but do carry a higher risk of value fluctuations in securities which underlie those policies. Both risks are managed through periodic reviews of the carriers and the underlying security values. However, particularly for the general account policies, our ability to liquidate a policy in anticipation of an adverse carrier event is significantly limited by applicable insurance contracts and regulations as well as by a substantial tax penalty which could be levied upon early policy termination. Liquidity & Funding Risks Liquidity is essential to our business model and a lack of liquidity, or an increase in the cost of liquidity, may materially and adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. In general, the costs of our funding directly impact our costs of doing business and, therefore, can positively or negatively affect our financial results. Our funding requirements in 2025 were met principally by deposits, by financing from other financial institutions, and by funds obtained from the capital markets. Deposits traditionally have provided our most affordable funds and deposits by far are the largest portion of our funding. However, deposit trends can shift with economic conditions and with public perception of risk in the banking industry or of risk in our Bank in particular. That shift can be sudden and extreme. If public confidence fails, deposit levels in our Bank could fall, perhaps quickly, as depositors seek safety and are able to move their funds rapidly. In the mildest version of this scenario, we could be forced to raise interest rates we pay on our deposits, raising costs appreciably. In a severe case, deposit flight could render the Bank insolvent. In the first half of 2023, following the failure of three large U.S. regional banks, we experienced significant but much more modest levels of run-off, which we successfully countered with a significant deposit campaign. In the aftermath of the 2023 bank failures, the following factors appear to have been key to institutional risk: deposits not insured by FDIC insurance were much more likely to depart rapidly when risk perceptions changed suddenly; deposit clients who were not traditional clients with primary banking relationships were much more likely to depart rapidly; and deposits concentrated in fewer, high-balance accounts (with FDIC insurance coverage on only a small portion of the balances) were much more likely to depart rapidly than deposits spread among many more-typical clients and accounts. All but the very largest banks, including our Bank, faced all three of these factors to an extent. Deposit levels may be affected, fairly quickly, by changes in monetary policy. The Federal Reserve began reducing short-term rates in the last half of 2024 based on economic events during the year, including reduced inflationary pressures, employment data, and overall economic activity, and rate reductions continued in 2025, leading to decreased competition for deposits. However, even in a declining interest rate environment, quantitative tightening by the Federal Reserve can trigger increased competition for deposits. Whether, and to what extent, economic conditions will support continued short-term rate reductions in 2026 remains uncertain. Loss of deposits or a change in deposit mix could increase our funding costs. Deposits generally are a low cost and stable source of funding. We compete with banks and other financial institutions, including (more recently) digital asset providers, for deposits and as a result, we could lose deposits in the future, or we may need to raise interest rates to avoid deposit attrition. Funding costs may also increase if deposits lost are replaced with wholesale funding. Higher funding costs reduce our net interest margin, net interest income, and net income. The market among banks for deposits may be impacted by regulatory funding and liquidity requirements . Regulatory rules generally provide favorable treatment for core deposits. Institutions with less than $100 billion of assets are not required to maintain a minimum liquidity coverage ratio. At or above $100 billion, the requirement increases with size and certain activities. The largest banks, which must maintain the highest minimum ratio, may be incented to compete for core deposits vigorously. Although mid-sized banks, like ours, are only lightly impacted by this rule, if some large banks in our markets take aggressive actions we could lose deposit share or be compelled to adjust our deposit pricing and practices in ways that could increase our costs. Continued availability of funding from the Federal Home Loan Bank and discount window at the Federal Reserve depends on policies set by federal agencies, the federal government and, ultimately, by the U.S. Congress; for that reason, long-term continuation of current programs is beyond our control. We have and use credit facilities with one of the Federal Home Loan Banks. Those facilities provide funding quickly when we need it, up to program limits. Program limits are based, in part, on the fair value 30 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents of potential collateral we can provide, which fluctuates with market conditions. We also have and use access to the discount window at the Federal Reserve. Although we do not view borrowing at the Federal Home Loan Bank or at the discount window at the Federal Reserve as a primary source of liquidity, the curtailment or elimination of our access to these funding sources would significantly alter how we plan for and manage routine and contingency funding situations. We also depend upon financing from private institutional or other investors by means of the capital markets. In the past, we have issued and sold preferred stock, as well as senior and subordinated notes. We expect to, and believe we could, access the capital markets in the future. Risk remains, however, that capital markets may become unavailable to us for reasons beyond our control. A number of more general factors could make funding more difficult, more expensive, or unavailable on affordable terms. These include, but are not limited to, our financial results, organizational or political changes, adverse impacts on key stakeholder sentiment, changes in the activities of our business partners, disruptions in the capital markets, specific events that adversely impact the financial services industry, counterparty availability, changes affecting our loan portfolio or other assets, changes affecting our corporate and regulatory structure, interest rate fluctuations, ratings agency actions, general economic conditions, and the legal, regulatory, accounting, and tax environments governing our funding transactions. In addition, our ability to raise funds is strongly affected by the general state of the U.S. and world economies and financial markets as well as the policies and capabilities of the U.S. government and its agencies, and could become more difficult due to economic and other factors beyond our control. Credit Ratings Our credit ratings directly affect the availability and cost of our unsecured funding. Our holding company (the Corporation) and our Bank currently receive ratings from rating agencies for unsecured borrowings. A rating below investment grade typically reduces availability and increases the cost of market-based funding. At December 31, 2025, both rating agencies rated the unsecured senior debt of the Corporation and of the Bank as investment grade. To the extent that in the future we depend on institutional borrowing and the capital markets for funding and capital, we could experience reduced liquidity and increased cost of unsecured funding if our debt ratings were lowered, particularly if lowered below investment grade. In addition, other actions by ratings agencies can create uncertainty about our ratings in the future and thus can adversely affect the cost and availability of funding, including placing us on negative outlook or on watchlist. Reductions in our credit ratings could result in counterparties reducing or terminating their relationships with us. Some parties with whom we do business have internal policies restricting the business that can be done with financial institutions that have credit ratings lower than a certain threshold. Reductions in our credit ratings could allow some counterparties to terminate and immediately force us to settle certain derivatives agreements, and could force us to provide additional collateral with respect to certain derivatives agreements. Under our margin agreements, we are required to post collateral in the amount of our derivative liability positions with derivative counterparties. FHN could be asked to post collateral of an undetermined amount based on changes in credit ratings and derivative value. Interest Rate & Yield Curve Risks We are subject to interest rate risk because a significant portion of our business involves borrowing and lending money and investing in financial instruments. A considerable portion of our funding comes from short-term and demand deposits, while a sizable portion of our lending and investing is in medium-term and long-term instruments. Changes in interest rates directly impact our revenues and expenses and could expand or compress our net interest margin. We actively manage our balance sheet to control the risks of a reduction in net interest margin brought about by ordinary fluctuations in rates. In addition, our fixed income business tends to perform better when rates decline or markets are moderately volatile, which tends to partially offset net interest margin compression. A flat or inverted yield curve may reduce our net interest margin and adversely affect our lending and fixed income businesses. The yield curve is a reflection of interest rates, at various maturities, applicable to assets and liabilities. Historically, the yield curve is usually upward sloping (higher rates for longer terms and lower rates for shorter terms). However, the yield curve can be relatively flat or inverted (downward sloping). Inversion normally is rare but has happened several times in the past. A flat or inverted yield curve tends to decrease net interest margin, which adversely impacts our lending businesses, and it 31 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents tends to reduce demand for long-term debt securities, which adversely impacts the revenues of our fixed income business. Expectations by the market regarding the direction of future interest rate movements can impact the demand for and value of our fixed income investments and can impact the revenues of our fixed income business. Demand for, and the value of, our fixed income investments is negatively impacted during times of rising interest rates. The last rising rate cycle started in 2022 and continued through 2023. The improvement in the shape of the yield curve in the second half of 2024, which continued in 2025, subsequently resulted in an increase in fixed income values and revenues. Events affecting interest rates, markets, and other factors may adversely affect the demand for our products and services in our fixed income business. As a result, disruptions in those areas may adversely impact our earnings in that business unit. Asset Inventories & Market Risks The trading securities inventories and loans held for sale in our fixed income business are subject to market and credit risks. In the course of that business we hold trading securities inventory and loan positions for purposes of distribution to clients, and we are exposed to certain market risks attributable principally to interest rate risk and credit risk associated with those assets. We manage the risks of holding inventories of securities and loans through certain market risk management policies and procedures, including, for example, hedging activities and Value-at-Risk (“VaR”) limits, trading policies, modeling, and stress analyses. Additional information concerning these risks and our management of them appears under the caption Market Risk Management beginning on page 68 of our 2025 MD&A (Item 7). Declines, disruptions, or precipitous changes in markets or market prices can adversely affect our fees and other income sources. We earn fees and other income related to our brokerage business and our management of assets for clients. Declines, disruptions, or precipitous changes in markets or market prices can adversely affect those revenue sources. Significant changes to the securities market’s performance can have a material impact upon our assets, liabilities, and financial results. We have a number of assets and obligations that are linked, directly or indirectly, to major securities markets. Significant changes in market performance can have a material impact upon our assets, liabilities, and financial results. Our hedging activities may be ineffective, may not adequately hedge our risks, and are subject to credit risk. In the normal course of our businesses we attempt to create partial or full economic hedges of various, though not all, financial risks. Hedging creates certain risks for us, including the risk that the other party to the hedge transaction will fail to perform (counterparty risk), and the risk that the hedge will not fully protect us from loss as intended (hedge ineffectiveness risk). Unexpected counterparty failure or hedge ineffectiveness could have a significant adverse effect on our liquidity and earnings. Mortgage Business Risks Two of our mortgage-related businesses—mortgage origination and lending to mortgage companies—are highly sensitive to interest rates and rate cycles. When rates are higher, client activity (and our related income) tends to be muted. Lower rates tend to foster higher activity. The U.S. experienced extremely low interest rates for several years, ending in early 2022. Higher rates since 2022 have negatively impacted our income from these businesses. We have contractual risks from our mortgage business. Our traditional mortgage business includes home mortgages some of which we sell, rather than hold, as well as home mortgages which qualify for a government-guarantee program. The mortgage terms conform to the requirements of the mortgage buyers or government agencies, and we make representations to those buyers or agencies concerning conformity of each mortgage at origination. Although the buyers and agencies generally take the risk that a mortgage defaults, we retain the risk that our representations were materially incorrect. In such a case, the buyer or agency generally has the power to force us to take the loan back for its face value, or to make the buyer or agency whole for its loss. Some government mortgage programs could impose penalties on us for misrepresentations at the time of obtaining benefits under the program. Penalties can be severe, up to three times the agency’s loss. As a result, mortgage origination processes need to emphasize being thorough and correct, in compliance with all agency standards. The mortgage servicing business creates regulatory risks. Servicing requires continual interaction with consumer clients. Federal, state, and sometimes local laws regulate 32 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents when and how we interact with consumer clients. The requirements can be complex and difficult for us to administer, especially if a client experiences difficulty with the mortgage loan. Failure to follow the applicable rules can result in significant penalties or other loss for us. Accounting Risks The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make significant subjective and complex estimates that affect the financial statements. The estimate that is consistently one of our most critical is the level of the allowance for credit losses. However, other estimates can be highly significant at discrete times or during periods of varying length, for example the valuation (or impairment) of our deferred tax assets. Estimates are made at specific points in time. Accordingly, as actual events unfold, estimates may be adjusted. If our estimates are inaccurate or need to be adjusted, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially impacted. A significant merger or acquisition requires us to make many estimates, including the fair values of acquired assets and liabilities. With larger transactions, fair value and other estimations can take up to four quarters to finalize. These estimates, and their revisions, can have a substantial effect on the presentation of our financial condition and operating results after the transaction closes. In addition, the excess of the value “paid” by us in the merger or acquisition over the fair value of the assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed, is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is subject to periodic impairment assessment, a process that can result in impairment expense which may be significant and sudden. Changes in accounting rules can significantly affect how we record and report assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and earnings. Although such changes generally affect all companies in a given industry, in practice changes sometimes have a disparate impact due to differences in the circumstances or business operations of companies within the same industry. Changes in accounting rules are beyond our control, can be hard to predict, and have had in the past, and could have in the future, a material impact how we report our results of operations and financial condition. We could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, which may result in us having to revise our prior period financial statements by material amounts. Changes in regulatory rules can create significant accounting impacts for us. Because we operate in a regulated industry, we prepare regulatory financial reports based on regulatory accounting standards. Changes in those standards have had in the past, and could have in the future, significant impacts upon us in terms of regulatory compliance and financial reporting. Our controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented. Internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures (“controls and procedures”) must be effective in order to provide assurance that financial reports are materially accurate. A failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Share Owning & Governance Risks The principal source of cash flow to pay dividends on our stock, as well as service our debt, is dividends and distributions from the Bank, and the Bank may become unable to pay dividends to us. First Horizon Corporation primarily depends upon common dividends from the Bank for cash to fund dividends we pay to our common and preferred shareholders, and to service our outstanding debt. Whether the Bank is able to pay dividends depends on its ability to generate sufficient net income to meet certain regulatory requirements, and the amount of such dividends may then be limited by federal and state laws. In addition, in certain circumstances, regulatory constraints might limit or prevent the Bank from declaring and paying dividends to us without regulatory approval. Also, we are required to provide financial support to the Bank. Accordingly, at any given time a portion of our funds may need to be used for that purpose and therefore would be unavailable for dividends. Our shareholders may suffer dilution if we raise capital through public or private equity financings to fund our operations, to increase our capital, or to expand. If we raise funds by issuing equity securities or instruments that are convertible into equity securities, the percentage ownership of our current common shareholders will be reduced, the new equity securities may have rights and preferences superior to those of our common or outstanding preferred stock, and any additional issuances could be at a sales price which is dilutive to current shareholders. We may also issue equity securities directly as consideration for acquisitions we may make that would be dilutive to shareholders in terms of voting power and share-of-ownership, and could be dilutive financially or economically. We have engaged in securities issuances in the past that have resulted in the effects described in this paragraph and could do so again in the future. 33 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Table of Contents We must pay all preferred dividends ahead of any common dividends. Currently we have four series of preferred stock outstanding, one issued by the Bank and three by First Horizon Corporation. Under the terms of the preferred stock, no dividends can be declared or paid on shares of common stock, and no shares of common stock can be repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired by First Horizon or the Bank, unless the full dividends for the most recently completed dividend period for each series of preferred stock have been declared and paid in full or declared and a sum sufficient for payment of those dividends has been set aside. Subject to capital needs and market conditions, additional series of preferred stock may be issued in the future. Provisions of Tennessee law, and certain provisions of our charter and bylaws, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us or could have the effect of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire control of us. These provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us even if an acquisition might be at a price attractive to many of our shareholders. In addition, federal banking laws prohibit non-financial-industry companies from owning a bank and require regulatory approval of any change in control of a bank, and Tennessee banking laws require prior regulatory approval of the acquisition of control of a Tennessee bank (or a person controlling such a bank). Certain legal rights of holders of our common stock and of depositary shares related to our preferred stock to pursue claims against us or the depositary, as applicable, are limited by our bylaws and by the terms of the deposit agreements. Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, a state or federal court located within Shelby County in the State of Tennessee will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought in our right or name, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other associate of ours to us or our shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer or other associate of ours arising pursuant to any provision of the Tennessee Business Corporation Act or our charter or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer or other associate of ours that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. In addition, each deposit agreement between us and the depositary, which governs the rights of the depositary shares related to our Series C preferred stock, provides that any action or proceeding arising out of or relating in any way to the deposit agreement may only be brought in a state court located in the State of New York or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The foregoing exclusive forum clauses may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors, officers or other associates, or against the depositary, as applicable. Exclusive forum clauses may also lead to increased costs to bring a claim or may limit the ability of holders of our common stock or depositary shares to bring a claim in a judicial forum they find favorable. In addition, the exclusive forum clauses in our bylaws and deposit agreements could apply to actions or proceedings that may arise under the federal securities laws, depending on the nature of the claim alleged. To the extent these exclusive forum clauses restrict the courts in which holders of our common stock or depositary shares may bring claims arising under the federal securities laws, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions. These exclusive forum provisions do not mean that holders of our common stock or depositary shares have waived our obligations to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 34 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 