TICKER=FIS|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/FIS_2026-02-24.htm.gz
Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the normal risks of business, we are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including those listed below and others described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the risks described herein, as well as risks currently unknown or immaterial, could result in a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Security breaches, privacy breaches, cyberattacks, unintentional disclosures of confidential information, breaches of third party service providers, service outages, or a failure to comply with information security laws or regulations, contractual provisions, or industry security requirements by us, our vendors, clients, or technology partners could harm our business by disrupting delivery of services, exposing sensitive or confidential information, or damaging our reputation, any of which could result in a breach of one or more client contracts or regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, fines or litigation. Cybersecurity is fundamental to our complex, global business. We and our vendors, service providers, technology partners, and clients electronically receive, process, store and transmit sensitive and confidential information of our business partners, clients and such clients' customers. We collect consumer personal data, such as names and addresses, Social Security Numbers, driver’s license numbers, financial account numbers, transactional history, cardholder data and payment history records. Such information is necessary to support our clients' transaction processing and to conduct our check authorization and collection businesses. We also collect personal data from our employees and contractors as necessary to support those relationships, comply with legal obligations, manage our workforce, and provide compensation and benefits. Our information systems and networks are dependent upon hardware, software, communication infrastructure and other technological components and services that are developed and managed by us or provided by third parties. These components require regular monitoring, patches, updates, or remediation of known or potential vulnerabilities. Implementation challenges in timely completing these tasks can lead to security vulnerabilities that expose us, our systems and data to potential compromise or interruption. Our information systems are also vulnerable to human error, including employees sending information to inadvertent recipients as well as employees inappropriately using AI tools, as well as malicious insider threats. Finally, the systems we rely on, which include hardware and software manufactured, developed or operated by third-party vendors and service providers, have in the past been subject to, and may in the future be subject to, cyberattacks or other security incidents due to employee error or malfeasance, software bugs, hardware malfunctions or other security vulnerabilities. The uninterrupted trustworthy operation of information systems operated by us, our vendors and service providers, and other third parties, as well as the confidentiality of the customer or consumer information that resides on such systems, is critical to the successful operation of our Company. For that reason, compromises to the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information systems or information are some of the principal operational risks we face as a provider of services to financial institutions and businesses. Like other such providers, we are a regular target of attempts to identify and exploit system vulnerabilities and/or penetrate or bypass our security measures to gain unauthorized access to our networks and systems. If we fail to maintain an adequate security infrastructure, adapt to emerging security threats (such as the use of AI by threat actors in furtherance of cyberattacks), the targeting of vendors who serve large numbers of customers for supply chain attacks, and business email compromises seeking fraudulent wire transfers regularly identify security vulnerabilities, prevent unauthorized access, identity theft or other cybersecurity risks (e.g., distributed denial of service, ransomware, and other cyberattacks), manage vendor or supply chain cybersecurity risks, adequately train users of our information systems, or implement sufficient security standards and technology to protect against security or privacy breaches, then the confidentiality, integrity or availability of the information we secure could be compromised. Unauthorized access to, or abuse of authorized access to, our computer systems or databases or our vendors' computer 13 Table of Contents systems or databases could result in the theft or publication of confidential information and personal data, the deletion or modification of records, disruption of service delivery, installation of malware, and the potential need to pay ransom or otherwise cause interruptions in our operations. These issues could give rise to legal actions from clients and/or such clients' customers, regulatory investigations or enforcement activity, losses and expenses associated with such events, and damage to our reputation. Because we serve a diverse client base with different technology and service needs, we must continue to enhance our ability to manage the risks from the resulting diversity in potential security attacks. FIS provides a number of systemically critical services, including the settlement of funds for financial institutions, other businesses and consumers and receives funds from clients, card issuers, payment networks and consumers on a daily basis for a variety of transaction types. Transactions facilitated by us include debit card, credit card, electronic bill payment, banking payments and check clearing that support consumers, financial institutions and other businesses. Attempted or successful targeting of these systems by attackers may result in interruption of services, misuse of account information, or unauthorized transfer of funds. As a provider of services to financial institutions and businesses, we are bound by many of the same limitations on disclosure of the information we receive from clients that apply to the clients themselves. If we fail to comply with these regulations and industry security requirements, including those imposed by the payment card industry through its digital security standards and other rules, we could be exposed to damages from legal actions from clients and/or their customers, governmental proceedings, public disclosure and consumer notification requirements, and the imposition of significant fines or prohibitions on providing services. We operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to a myriad of complex, evolving regulations and standards, including cybersecurity and privacy laws, regulations and industry standards. This environment imposes comprehensive data privacy compliance obligations in relation to our collection and use of data relating to an identifiable living individual or "personal data," including a principle of accountability and the obligation to demonstrate compliance through policies, procedures, training and audit, as well as regulating cross-border transfers of personal data. In addition, if more restrictive privacy laws, data protection rules or industry security requirements are adopted in the future on the federal or state level, or by a non-U.S. jurisdiction in or from which we serve clients, or by a specific industry body, those changes could have an adverse impact on our Company through increased costs or by imposing changes or inefficiencies on business processes. A material privacy or security incident would trigger SEC disclosure obligations and could trigger other applicable disclosure requirements under state-level or non-U.S. laws or regulations, or be disclosed publicly, even if there is no legally required disclosure. Incident disclosure may increase the risks of private lawsuits or government enforcement action related to incidents, increase attention from malicious actors, and lead to greater regulatory scrutiny. The occurrence of any such incidents, and the related responses (if any) by regulators or third parties, may result in adverse publicity and reputational harm to us. If we are unable, or appear to be unable, to prevent cybersecurity or privacy breaches, we risk reputational damage. Our existing clients could lose confidence in our information systems and consequently choose to terminate their agreements with us. Such reputational harm could also inhibit our ability to attract new clients; potentially increase government, regulatory, or media scrutiny; or give rise to new regulatory requirements that adversely affect our ability to do business in one or more parts of the world. If we fail to innovate or adapt our solutions to changes in technology or in the marketplace, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade or implement our technology are not successful, we could lose clients, or our clients could lose customers, and we could have difficulty attracting new clients for our solutions. The markets for our solutions are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new solutions and evolving industry expectations. Our future success will be significantly affected by our ability to enhance our current solutions and develop and introduce new solutions and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers. In addition, as more of our revenue and market demand shifts to software as a service ("SaaS"), business process as a service ("BPaaS"), cloud, and new emerging technologies, the need to keep pace with rapid technology changes becomes more acute. These initiatives carry the risks associated with any new solution development effort, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and implementation, and performance issues. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in developing, marketing and selling new solutions or enhancements that meet these changing demands. If we are not successful in these efforts, we could lose clients, or our clients could lose customers, and we could have difficulty attracting new clients for our solutions. Any of these developments could have an adverse impact on our future revenue and/or business prospects. 14 Table of Contents We operate in a competitive business environment; if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. The market for our solutions is intensely competitive. Our competitors in Banking and Capital Markets vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the solutions and services they offer. Some of our competitors have substantial resources. We face direct competition from third parties, and because many of our larger potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house and, therefore, view their system requirements from a make-versus-buy perspective, we also often compete against our potential clients' in-house capacities. In addition, the markets in which we compete have recently attracted increasing competition from smaller start-ups with emerging technologies which are receiving increasing investments, as well as global banks (and businesses controlled by combinations of global banks) and global internet companies that are introducing competitive solutions and services into the marketplace, particularly in the payments area. Emerging technologies and increased competition may also have the effect of unbundling bank solutions and may result in displacing solutions that we are currently providing from our legacy systems. International competitors are also now targeting and entering the U.S. market with greater force. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or that the competitive pressures we face in the markets in which we operate will not materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Global economic, political and other conditions, including business cycles and consumer confidence, as well as geopolitical conflicts, may adversely affect our clients or trends in consumer spending, which may adversely impact the demand for our services and our revenue and profitability. A significant portion of our revenue is derived from transaction processing fees. The global transaction processing industries depend heavily upon the overall level of consumer, business and government spending. Any change in economic factors, including a sustained deterioration in general economic conditions or consumer confidence, particularly in the U.S., or inflation and increases in interest rates in key countries in which we operate may adversely affect consumer spending, consumer debt levels and payment card usage, and as a result, adversely affect our financial performance by reducing the number or average purchase amount of transactions that we service. In addition, the direct and indirect effects of geopolitical conflicts, such as the Russia-Ukraine war and conflicts in the Middle East, have adversely affected global economic activity and transaction processing volumes. Worsening, or future, geopolitical conflicts could materially adversely affect global economic activity and our transaction volumes in the future. When there is a slowdown or downturn in the economy, a drop in stock market levels or trading volumes, or an event that disrupts the financial markets, our business, financial condition or results of operations may suffer for a number of reasons. Customers may react to worsening conditions by reducing or delaying their capital expenditures in general or by specifically reducing or delaying their information technology spending. Additionally, credit card issuers may reduce credit limits and become more selective in their card issuance practices, which would lower purchase volumes. In addition, customers may seek to curtail trading operations or to lower their costs by renegotiating vendor contracts. Moreover, competitors may respond to market conditions and attempt to lure away our customers by lowering prices on existing solutions or by offering new, lower-cost solutions. Any further protective trade policies or actions taken by the U.S. may also result in other countries reducing, or making more expensive, services permitted to be provided by U.S.-based companies. If any of these circumstances remain in effect for an extended period of time, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected by business interruptions, errors or failures in connection with our or third-party information technology and communication systems and other software and hardware used in connection with our business, or by design errors in the software solutions we offer, or more generally, by the unavailability of third-party services that we need to operate our business effectively. Many of our services are based on sophisticated software and computing systems, and we may encounter delays when developing new technology solutions and services. Further, the technology solutions underlying our services have occasionally contained, and may in the future contain, undetected errors or defects when first introduced or when new versions are released. In addition, we may experience difficulties in installing or integrating our technologies on platforms used by our clients, or our clients may cancel a project after we have expended significant effort and resources to complete an installation. Finally, our systems and operations have been, and in the future could be, exposed to damage or interruption from fire, floods, severe weather events, natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry and computer viruses. Defects in our technology solutions or those of our third-party partners or elsewhere in the global cyber environment, errors or delays in the processing of electronic transactions, or other difficulties have resulted, and in the future could result, in (i) interruption of business operations; (ii) delay in market acceptance; 15 Table of Contents (iii) additional development and remediation costs; (iv) diversion of technical and other resources; (v) loss of clients; (vi) negative publicity; or (vii) exposure to liability claims. Any one or more of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We cannot be certain that control measures, including system redundancies, security controls, and application development and testing controls, will be successful in preventing disruption or limiting our exposure. Further, most of the solutions we offer are very complex software systems that are regularly updated. No matter how careful the design and development, complex software often contains errors and defects when first introduced and when major new updates or enhancements are released. If errors or defects are discovered in current or future solutions, then we may not be able to correct them in a timely manner, if at all. In our development of updates and enhancements to our software solutions, we may make a major design error that causes the solution to operate incorrectly or less efficiently. The failure of software to perform properly could result in the Company and its clients being subjected to losses or liability, including censures, fines, or other sanctions by the applicable regulatory authorities, and we could be liable to parties who are financially harmed by those errors. In addition, such errors could cause the Company to lose revenue, lose clients or suffer damage to its reputation. In addition, we generally depend on a number of third parties, both in the United States and internationally, to supply elements of our systems, computers, research and market data, connectivity, communication network infrastructure, other equipment and related support and maintenance. We cannot be certain that any of these third parties will be able to continue providing these services to meet our evolving needs effectively. If our vendors, or in certain cases vendors of our customers, fail to meet their obligations, provide poor or untimely service or suffer operational disruptions, and we are unable to make alternative arrangements for the provision of these services, then we may in turn fail to provide our services or to meet our obligations to our customers, and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, we rely on various financial institutions to provide treasury services in support of funds settlement for certain of our solutions. An inability to obtain such treasury services in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Entity mergers or consolidations and business failures in the banking and financial services industry could adversely affect our business by eliminating some of our existing and potential clients and making us more dependent on a more limited number of clients. There has been, and may continue to be, consolidation activity in the banking and financial services industry. In addition, certain financial institutions that experienced negative operating results, including some of our clients, have failed, leading to further consolidation. These consolidations, including those spurred by failures, reduce our number of potential clients and may reduce our number of existing clients, which could adversely affect our revenue, even if the events do not reduce the aggregate activities of the consolidated entities. Further, if our clients or our partners across any of our businesses fail, merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our clients or our partners, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce use of our services. It is also possible that larger financial institutions resulting from consolidations would have greater leverage in negotiating terms or could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services we currently provide or could provide. Any of these developments could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Failure to obtain new clients or renew client contracts on favorable terms could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We may face pricing pressure in obtaining and retaining our clients. Larger clients may use their negotiating leverage to seek price reductions from us when they renew a contract, when a contract is extended, or when the client's business has significant volume changes. Larger clients may also reduce services if they decide to move services in-house. Further, our smaller and mid-size clients may also exert pricing pressure, particularly upon renewal, due to competition or other economic needs or pressures being experienced by the client. On some occasions, this pricing pressure results in lower revenue from a client than we had anticipated based on our previous agreement with that client. This reduction in revenue could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Bank failures or sustained financial market disruptions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We regularly maintain domestic cash deposits in banks that are not subject to insurance protection against loss or exceed the deposit limits. We also maintain cash deposits in foreign banks where we operate, some of which are not 16 Table of Contents insured or are only partially insured. The failure of a bank, or events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets impacting financial institutions at which we maintain balances, or concerns or rumors about such events, may lead to disruptions in access to our bank deposits or otherwise adversely impact our liquidity and financial performance. There can be no assurance that our deposits in excess of the insurance limits will be backstopped by the U.S. or applicable foreign government, or that any bank or financial institution with which we do business will be able to obtain needed liquidity from other banks, government institutions or otherwise in the event of a failure or liquidity crisis. Our clients, including those of our clients that are banks, may be similarly adversely affected by any bank failure or other event affecting financial institutions. Any resulting adverse effects to our clients' liquidity or financial performance could reduce the demand for our services or affect our allowance for credit losses and collectability of trade receivables. A significant change in the liquidity or financial position of our clients could cause unfavorable trends in receivable collections and cash flows and may necessitate additional allowances for anticipated losses. Any such additional allowances could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, instability, liquidity constraints or other distress in the financial markets, including the effects of bank failures, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, could impair the ability of one or more of the banks participating in our current or any future credit facilities to honor their commitments. This could have an adverse effect on our business if we were not able to replace those commitments or to locate other sources of liquidity on acceptable terms. The Company is subject to regulation, supervision, and enforcement authority of numerous governmental and regulatory bodies in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Because the Company is a technology service provider to U.S. financial institutions, it is subject to regular oversight and examination by the FBA, each agency of which is a member of the FFIEC, an interagency body of federal banking regulators. The FBA have broad discretion in the implementation, interpretation and enforcement of banking and consumer protection laws and use the FFIEC's uniform principles, standards and report forms in their review of bank service providers like FIS. A failure to comply with these laws, or a failure to meet the supervisory expectations of the banking regulators, could result in adverse action against the Company. The regulators have the authority to, among other things, enjoin "unsafe or unsound" practices; require affirmative actions to correct any violation or practice; issue administrative orders that can be judicially enforced; direct the sale of subsidiaries or other assets; and assess civil money penalties. The Company is also subject to ongoing supervision by regulatory and governmental bodies across the world, including economic and conduct regulators, such as OFAC, BIS and FinCEN in the U.S., the FCA, OFSI and OTSI in the U.K., and regulatory and governmental bodies responsible for issuing anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, and global economic sanctions and export control regulations. These various regulatory regimes require compliance across many aspects of our activities. Among other things, such regulatory and financial crime compliance obligations require certain capital requirements; safeguarding, training, authorization, supervision and oversight of personnel, systems, processes, controls, and documentation; and reporting to government entities. As we continue to grow our global business around the world, we will become subject to additional countries' regulations governing critical third-party service providers, financial crime and other regulatory areas. Our failure to comply with any of these requirements could result in the suspension or revocation of a license, loss of consumer confidence, and/or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. We also have business operations that store, process or transmit consumer information or have direct relationships with consumers. As such, we are obligated to comply with regulations, including, but not limited to, the FCRA, the Federal Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and applicable privacy requirements, and we are subject to examination and oversight by the CFPB. In addition, our wealth and retirement business holds a charter in the state of Georgia, which obligates us to comply with regulatory compliance requirements of the Georgia Department of Banking and Finance. Our U.S. wealth and retirement business is required to hold certain levels of regulatory capital as defined by the state banking regulator in Georgia. In the U.K., our Platform Securities and broker-dealer businesses are regulated by the FCA and are also subject to further regulatory capital requirements. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB") continues to update and enforce rules and regulations for regulating financial and non-financial institutions and providers to those institutions to ensure adequate protection of consumer privacy and to ensure consumers are not impacted by deceptive business practices, as well as to provide examination and supervisory authority over consumer reporting agencies, including ChexSystems. These rules and regulations govern our clients or potential clients and also govern certain of our businesses. These regulations have resulted, and may further result, in the need for us to make capital investments to modify our solutions to facilitate our 17 Table of Contents clients' and potential clients' compliance, as well as to deploy additional processes or reporting to comply with these regulations. In the future, we may need to incur additional expenses to ensure continued compliance with applicable laws and regulations and to investigate, defend and/or remedy actual or alleged violations. Further, requirements of these regulations have resulted, and could further result, in changes in our business practices, our clients' business practices and those of other marketplace participants that may alter the delivery of services to consumers, which have impacted, and could further impact, the demand for our solutions and services, as well as alter the types or volume of transactions that we process on behalf of our clients. As a result, these requirements, or proposed or future requirements, could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, revenue, results of operations, prospects for future growth and overall business. The New York Department of Financial Services has enacted rules that require covered financial institutions to establish and maintain cybersecurity programs. Other states also have data security laws that vary in several respects, including with regard to specificity and detail of requirements and the extent to which such requirements apply to the data we collect from individuals. These rules subject us to additional regulation and require us to adopt additional business practices that could also require additional capital expenditures or impact our operating results. Changes to state money transmission laws and regulations, including changing interpretations and the implementation of new or varying regulatory requirements, may result in the need for additional money transmitter licenses. These changes could result in increased costs of compliance, as well as fines or penalties. One of our subsidiaries is an SEC-registered broker-dealer in the U.S. and is subject to the financial and operational rules of FINRA, and others are authorized by the FCA to conduct certain regulated business in the U.K. Our transfer agent business is also regulated by the SEC and other regulators around the world. Domestic and foreign regulatory and self-regulatory organizations, such as the SEC, FINRA, and the FCA, can, among other things, fine, censure, issue cease-and-desist orders against, and suspend or expel a broker-dealer or its officers or employees for failure to comply with the many laws and regulations that govern brokerage activities. Regulations affecting the brokerage industry may change, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Portions of FIS' European operations are in scope for regulatory oversight by European Supervisory Agencies (ESAs) as defined by DORA. FIS' designation as a Critical Third-Party Provider under DORA subjects us to additional and new regulatory oversight processes in the E.U. These changes could result in increased costs to compliance. Other countries are also developing regulatory frameworks that govern critical third-party providers to the financial services sector, which may result in increased costs of compliance. For example, in the U.K., HM Treasury has powers to designate critical third-party providers to the financial services sector, subjecting them to additional regulatory oversight and obligations regarding reporting, incident management and testing. We are exposed to certain risks relating to the execution services provided by our brokerage operations to our customers and counterparties, which include other broker-dealers, active traders, hedge funds, asset managers, and other institutional and non-institutional clients. These risks include, but are not limited to, customers or counterparties failing to pay for or deliver securities, trading errors, the inability or failure to settle trades, and trade execution system failures. As trading in the U.S. securities markets has become more automated, the potential impact of a trading error or a rapid series of errors caused by a computer or human error or a malicious act has increased. In our other businesses, we generally can disclaim liability for trading losses that may be caused by our software, but in our brokerage operations, we may not be able to limit our liability for trading losses or failed trades, even when we are not at fault. As a result, we may suffer losses that are disproportionately large compared to the relatively modest profit contributions of our brokerage operations. Moreover, the legislative and regulatory landscape continues to evolve, and we expect that it may cover alternative payment types, including digital and crypto currencies. The regulatory environment for crypto assets, stablecoins, and digital currencies is rapidly evolving, with increased oversight from U.S. agencies such as the SEC, CFTC, and FinCEN, as well as global counterparts. Recent developments, including the European Union’s Markets in Crypto-Assets (MiCA) regulation, U.S. legislation such as the GENIUS Act, and other legislative initiatives, signal a trend toward increased oversight, more robust compliance obligations, and a move toward harmonized global standards. FIS closely monitors regulatory changes, to ensure any existing or new business models, product offerings, and risk and compliance programs adapt to new regulatory requirements. Any failure to comply with such laws and regulations could expose us to liability, regulatory scrutiny and/or reputational damage. Financial crimes laws may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and may impose inconsistent or conflicting requirements. Complying with varying jurisdictional requirements could increase the costs and complexity of compliance, including associated recordkeeping costs, or could require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 18 Table of Contents Further, our business may be constrained by current and future laws and regulations governing the development, use and deployment of AI (including machine learning) technologies. These laws and regulations are continuously and rapidly evolving, and there is no single global regulatory framework for AI, creating further uncertainties regarding compliance with such laws and regulations. As a result, our ability to leverage AI could be restricted by burdensome and costly regulatory requirements. Additionally, in some markets in which we operate, our clients require us to support them in achieving compliance with increasingly complex and prescriptive regulatory requirements relating to digital operational resilience. For example, under DORA, our E.U. financial entity clients require us, as a designated Critical Third-Party Provider of information and communication technology services, to contract with and manage our relationships with such clients (and, where applicable, our relationships with other critical third-party technology vendors in our supply chain) in accordance with the requirements of DORA. Failure to support our clients in achieving compliance with DORA and similar global regulatory regimes may cause us to lose revenue, clients, and/or result in damage to our reputation, and may also attract scrutiny from regulators. If we fail to comply with relevant laws or regulations, then we risk reputational damage, potential civil and criminal sanctions, fines or other action imposed by regulatory or governmental authorities, including the potential suspension or revocation of the permission-based regulatory licenses which authorize the Company to provide core services to customers. Regulatory authorities subject our businesses, from time to time, to regulatory investigations, reviews, examinations and proceedings (both formal and informal), some of which have the potential to result in settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other adverse consequences to us. This could result in an adverse effect on FIS' business, reputation and customer relationships, which in turn could adversely affect its financial position and performance. Many of our clients are subject to a regulatory environment and to industry standards that may change in a manner that reduces the types or volume of solutions or services we provide or may reduce the types or number of transactions in which our clients engage, and therefore reduce our revenue. Our clients are subject to many, varied and evolving government regulations and industry standards with which our solutions must comply. Our clients must ensure that our solutions and related services work within the extensive and evolving regulatory and industry requirements applicable to them. Federal, state, foreign or industry authorities could adopt laws, rules or regulations affecting our clients' businesses that could lead to increased operating costs and could reduce the convenience and functionality of our solutions, possibly resulting in reduced market acceptance. In addition, action by regulatory authorities relating to credit availability, data usage, privacy, or other related regulatory developments could have an adverse effect on our clients and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, revenue, results of operations, prospects for future growth and overall business. Elimination of regulatory requirements could also adversely affect the sales of our solutions designed to help clients comply with complex regulatory environments. Constantly evolving global privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, cyber resilience, and AI laws and regulations require the Company to adopt new business practices, update contractual provisions in existing and new contracts, and constantly update our global Privacy and Data Protection Program and our global Information Security Program, which may require transitional and incremental expenses and may impact our future operating results. The Company is subject to numerous global privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, cyber resilience, and AI laws and regulations, which are continuing to change in ways that impose increasingly complex and costly compliance obligations on us and that have had, and are expected to continue to have, a significant impact on our operations. Failure to comply with applicable data protection laws, as well as new and evolving laws and regulations in these areas, could result in significant penalties, damage to our reputation, and loss of business. Additionally, a breach of applicable data protection laws may result in regulatory investigations, reputational damage, orders to cease or change our data processing activities, enforcement notices, assessment notices (for a compulsory audit) and/or civil claims (including class actions). We have incurred, and will continue to incur, costs to comply with these evolving laws and regulations. There are several additional laws being considered by state legislatures, the U.S. Congress, and governments around the world. As a result, we expect that a more substantial effort to comply with varying regimes in different jurisdictions will continue to be necessary in the future, which has the potential to further increase the cost and complexity of our business. Moreover, privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, cyber resilience, and AI laws may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and may impose inconsistent or conflicting requirements. Complying with varying jurisdictional requirements could increase the costs and complexity of compliance and associated recordkeeping costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business and to incur additional costs. Since we are subject to the supervision 19 Table of Contents of relevant data protection authorities under multiple legal regimes, we could be fined under those regimes independently in respect of the same breach. Data localization requirements in evolving privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, cyber resilience, and AI laws could also increase the cost and alter the approach to housing data around the world. In addition, our businesses are increasingly subject to laws and regulations relating to digital transformation, surveillance, encryption, and data onshoring in the jurisdictions in which we operate. For example, through requirements established under DORA and Network and Information Security Directive 2, Directive (EU) 2022/2555, (NIS2), E.U. regulators are increasingly seeking to mitigate cyber threats and enhance digital resilience within the financial and technological ecosystem through new regulations targeting the provision of critical third-party technology services. Compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to change our technology for information security, operational infrastructure, policies, and procedures, which could be time-consuming and costly and may result in additional regulatory burdens for the Company. Furthermore, compliance with these laws and regulations may indirectly impact us in circumstances where we act as a third-party service provider to clients, who are themselves subject to these laws and regulations and who will expect us to take appropriate steps to support them in achieving compliance. High profile digital banking security breaches or information system failures could impact consumer payment behavior patterns in the future and reduce our transaction volumes. We are unable to predict whether or when high profile digital banking security breaches or other information system failures will occur and, if they occur, whether consumers will reduce their digital banking service. If consumers reduce digital banking services, and we are not able to adapt to offer our clients alternative technologies, then our revenue and related earnings could be adversely affected. BRICS countries are working to reduce their reliance on the U.S. dollar and Western financial infrastructure due to sanctions, wars, and tariffs. BRICS is an international organization currently comprised of 11 countries, including Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, United Arab Emirates, Ethiopia, Indonesia, and Iran. Intelligence sources, along with peer assessments and other observers, suggest that cyber actors from some of the BRICS countries may conduct attacks on payment infrastructure, including third-party fintech services, to undermine trust in the Western financial infrastructure. Misappropriation of and infringement on our intellectual property and proprietary rights, or a finding that our patents are invalid, could impair our competitive position. Our ability to compete depends in some part upon our proprietary solutions and technology. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our solutions or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary or challenge the validity of our patents with governmental authorities. In addition, use of AI technologies may result in the release of confidential or proprietary information which could limit our ability to protect, or prevent us from protecting, our intellectual property rights. Policing unauthorized use of our proprietary rights is difficult. We cannot make any assurances that the steps we have taken will prevent misappropriation of, or infringement upon, technology or that the agreements entered into for that purpose will be enforceable. Effective patent, trademark, service mark, copyright, and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our applications and services are made available. Misappropriation of our intellectual property or potential litigation concerning such matters could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. As we increase our international business, we are subject to further risks of misappropriation of, or infringement on, our intellectual property in countries which have laws that are less protective of intellectual property or are enforced in a less protective manner. If our applications or services are found to infringe the proprietary rights of others, then we may be required to change our business practices and may also become subject to significant costs and monetary penalties. As our information technology applications and services develop, we are increasingly subject to infringement claims. Any claims, whether with or without merit, could (i) be expensive and time-consuming to defend; (ii) result in an injunction or other equitable relief which could cause us to cease making, licensing or using applications that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; (iii) require us to redesign our applications, if feasible; (iv) divert management's attention and resources; and (v) require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies or pay damages resulting from any infringing use. 20 Table of Contents Some of our solutions contain "open source" software, and any failure to comply with the terms o
[...TRUNCATED...]