TICKER=FITB|YEAR=2026|CAT=us|SRC=/Users/yann/spx-app/sec-data/cat1-us/10K/2026/FITB_2026-02-24.htm.gz
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The risks and uncertainties listed below present risks that could have a material impact on the Bancorp’s business, financial condition or results of operations. Some of these risks and uncertainties are interrelated and the occurrence of one or more of them may exacerbate the effect of others. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones Fifth Third faces. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to Fifth Third or that Fifth Third currently believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect its business. Refer to page 19 for cautionary information regarding forward-looking statements. CREDIT RISKS Deteriorating credit quality has adversely impacted Fifth Third in the past and may adversely impact Fifth Third in the future. When Fifth Third lends money or commits to lend money, the Bancorp incurs credit risk, or the risk of loss if borrowers do not repay their loans, leases, credit cards, derivative obligations or other credit obligations. The performance of these credit portfolios significantly affects the Bancorp’s financial results and condition, including the level of credit losses and reserves for credit losses. Fifth Third’s credit risk and credit losses can increase if its loans are concentrated among individual borrowers, borrowers engaged in the same or similar activities, industries or geographies, or to borrowers who as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. Refer to the Credit Risk Management subsection of the Risk Management section in Item 7 of this Annual Report for more information on specific concentrations. Fifth Third reserves for expected credit losses by establishing an allowance for credit losses through a charge to earnings. The amount of this allowance is based on Fifth Third’s assessment of credit losses expected to be incurred in the credit portfolios, including unfunded commitments, and requires difficult, subjective and complex judgments about the environment, including analysis of economic or market conditions that may impair the ability of borrowers to repay their loans. Fifth Third may underestimate the credit losses expected to be incurred in its portfolios and have credit losses in excess of the amount reserved. Alternatively, Fifth Third may increase the reserve because of changing economic or market conditions, including inflation, interest rate fluctuations, higher unemployment, or other factors such as changing protections in credit agreements or changes in borrowers’ behavior. Fifth Third believes that both the ALLL and reserve for unfunded commitments are adequate to cover expected losses at December 31, 2025. However there is no assurance that they will be sufficient to cover all potential future credit losses associated with exposures existing at December 31, 2025, especially if economic conditions decline. Problems encountered by other financial institutions could adversely affect financial markets generally and have direct and indirect adverse effects on Fifth Third. Fifth Third has exposure to counterparties in the financial services industry and other industries and routinely executes transactions with such counterparties, which may expose Fifth Third to credit risk in the event of default of a counterparty or client. In addition, Fifth Third’s credit risk may be affected when the collateral it holds cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure. The commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely interrelated as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between the institutions. As a result, concerns about, or a default or threatened default by, one institution could lead to significant market-wide liquidity and credit problems, losses or defaults by other institutions. This is sometimes referred to as systemic risk and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges, with which the Bancorp interacts on a daily basis, and therefore could adversely affect Fifth Third. Inability to refinance in public or private capital markets could cause a default that impacts Fifth Third borrowers. Some Fifth Third customers rely on additional sources of capital from outside the Bancorp. If public or private capital markets are disrupted or unavailable to these borrowers such that they cannot obtain funds for refinancing, those borrowers may experience a shortfall that would leave them unable to honor short-term and/or long-term obligations to the Bancorp. LIQUIDITY RISKS Fifth Third must maintain adequate sources of funding and liquidity. Fifth Third must maintain adequate funding sources in the normal course of business to support its operations and fund outstanding liabilities, as well as meet regulatory expectations. Fifth Third primarily relies on bank deposits to be a low cost and stable source of funding for the loans it makes and the operation of its business. Core deposits, which include transaction deposits and certificates of deposit $250,000 or less, have historically provided Fifth Third with a sizeable source of relatively stable and low-cost funds (average core deposits funded 77% of average total assets for the year ended December 31, 2025). In addition to customer deposits, sources of liquidity include investments in the securities portfolio, Fifth Third’s sale or securitization of loans in secondary markets, the pledging of loans and investment securities to access secured borrowing facilities through the FHLB and the FRB and Fifth Third’s ability to raise funds in money markets and capital markets. Fifth Third’s liquidity and ability to fund and operate its business could be materially adversely affected by a variety of conditions and factors, including financial and credit market disruptions and volatility or a lack of market or customer confidence in financial markets in general, which may result in a loss of customer deposits or outflows of cash or collateral and/or the ability to access capital markets on favorable terms. 27 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents Other conditions and factors that could materially adversely affect Fifth Third’s liquidity and funding include: • a lack of market or customer confidence in Fifth Third or negative news about Fifth Third, regional banks or the financial services industry generally, which also may result in a loss of customer deposits and/or negatively affect Fifth Third’s ability to access the capital markets; • the loss of customer deposits due to competition from other banks or due to alternative investments; • inability to sell or securitize loans or other assets; • increased collateral requirements including those driven by a decline in the market value of the financial instruments; • increased regulatory requirements; • reductions in one or more of Fifth Third’s agency ratings; • increased utilization of revolving lines of credit by customers; and • systematic failure of financial market utilities relied upon by Fifth Third to settle intrabank payment activity. Many of the above conditions and factors may be caused by events over which Fifth Third has little or no control. There can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur again in the future. Fifth Third may also need to raise additional capital and liquidity through the issuance of stock, which could dilute the ownership of existing stockholders, or reduce or even eliminate common stock dividends or share repurchases to preserve capital and liquidity. Fifth Third and/or the holders of its securities could be adversely affected by unfavorable ratings from rating agencies. Fifth Third’s access to capital markets is a key component of its funding strategy and is influenced by ratings assigned by rating agencies to Fifth Third, certain of its subsidiaries and particular classes of securities they issue. These ratings also affect the interest rates that Fifth Third pays when issuing new debt securities. A downgrade to Fifth Third or its subsidiaries’ credit rating could limit its access to the capital markets, affect its ability to retain deposits, cause creditors and business counterparties to raise collateral requirements, increase its borrowing costs and reduce profitability. Additionally, downgrades may trigger obligations or create liabilities under the terms of Fifth Third’s existing arrangements that could increase costs, impair the marketability of affected securities, prompt further downgrades and otherwise have a negative effect on Fifth Third’s financial condition or results of operations. There can be no assurances that Fifth Third or its subsidiaries will retain any specific rating from any specific rating agency. If Fifth Third is unable to maintain or grow its deposits, it may be subject to paying higher funding costs. The total amount that Fifth Third pays for funding costs is dependent, in part, on Fifth Third’s ability to maintain or grow its deposits. If Fifth Third is unable to sufficiently maintain or grow its deposits to meet liquidity objectives, it may be subject to paying higher funding costs. Fifth Third competes with banks and other financial services companies for deposits. If competitors raise the rates they pay on deposits, Fifth Third’s funding costs may increase, either because Fifth Third raises rates to avoid losing deposits or because Fifth Third loses deposits and must rely on more expensive sources of funding. Also, customers typically move money from bank deposits to alternative investments during rising interest rate environments. Customers may also move noninterest-bearing deposits to interest-bearing accounts increasing the cost of those deposits. Checking and savings account balances and other forms of customer deposits may decrease when customers perceive alternative investments, such as the stock market, as providing a better risk/return trade-off. Fifth Third’s bank customers could take their money out of the Bank and put it in alternative investments, causing Fifth Third to lose a lower-cost source of funding. Higher funding costs reduce Fifth Third’s net interest margin and net interest income. The Bancorp’s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries accounts for most of its revenue and could affect its liquidity and ability to pay dividends. The Bancorp is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries and typically receives substantially all of its revenue from dividends from its subsidiaries. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on the Bancorp’s stock and interest and principal on its debt. The ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments or distributions depends on their respective operating results and may be restricted by, among other things, regulatory constraints, prevailing economic conditions (including interest rates) and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Bancorp. Regulatory scrutiny of liquidity and capital levels at BHCs and banks has resulted in increased regulatory focus on all aspects of capital planning, including dividends and other distributions. In addition, the Bancorp’s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of that subsidiary’s creditors. Regulatory limitations on the Bancorp’s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries, economic conditions and other financial or business factors could have a material adverse effect on the Bancorp’s liquidity and ability to pay dividends on stock or interest and principal on its debt and to engage in share repurchases. For further information, refer to Regulation and Supervision in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 28 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents OPERATIONAL RISKS Fifth Third’s business is dependent on the availability and performance of operational and information technology systems, including those provided by third-party service providers. Interruptions or failures could materially adversely affect operations. Fifth Third’s operations depend on operational and information technology systems, including financial, accounting, transaction-execution, and other operational systems, as well as devices, hardware, and networks supporting those systems, all of which may be operated by both Fifth Third and/or by third-party service providers. Failure, disruption, interruption or outage to any system may cause disruptions in critical business operations such as the ability to use accounting, deposit, loan, payment and other systems. It could also cause unfavorable effects to clients and customers, including delays or other disruptions in services, limitations on Fifth Third’s ability to collect data needed for its business, inability to settle or clear transactions, the possibility that fund transfers are completed erroneously and fraudulent transactions. While Fifth Third invests in automation and emerging technologies such as AI, to prevent, detect and remedy any interruptions or failures, manual oversight remains a critical component of its risk mitigation strategy. Exception handling and control testing are employed to help identify and remediate errors that may not be captured through automated processes. Despite these controls, failures are still possible and could result in operational disruptions or financial loss. In addition, any security compromise or information technology system disruptions in the financial services industry could interrupt Fifth Third’s business or operations, harm its reputation, erode borrower confidence, negatively affect Fifth Third’s ability to attract new members, or subject it to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, which could adversely affect Fifth Third’s business and results of operations. Risks of operational failures, disruptions or outages in Fifth Third’s operational and information technology systems, and those provided by third-party providers, can result from a variety of factors, only some of which may be wholly or partially within the control of Fifth Third, its third-party providers or the financial services industry more generally. Such events could affect Fifth Third’s systems or limit Fifth Third’s ability to use information technology due to effects on underlying infrastructure. Although Fifth Third regularly updates and replaces systems that it depends on, financial institutions generally continue to utilize some older systems alongside newer systems. Causes of system failures, disruptions or outages may be difficult to detect. While the Bancorp believes that its current business continuity plans are adequate, there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential risks to Fifth Third, its customers or its clients. Third-party service providers with which Fifth Third does business, as well as vendors and other third parties with which Fifth Third’s customers do business, can also be sources of operational risk to Fifth Third, particularly where processes are highly concentrated or customer activities are beyond Fifth Third’s security and control systems, such as through the use of the internet, personal computers, tablets, smart phones and other mobile services. Fifth Third could also be held responsible for the failure of third-party service providers, as well as other third parties, to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations. Any failures or disruptions of Fifth Third’s systems or operations, including in connection with outages or disruptions of systems provided by third parties, could adversely affect Fifth Third’s business and results of operations by subjecting Fifth Third to losses or liability, among other negative impacts, including reputational harm, litigation, regulatory fines or penalties or losses not covered by insurance. Fifth Third and its service providers are exposed to cybersecurity risks, including risk of cyber-attacks and other information security breaches, which create both operational and reputational risk for the Bank and its customers across all lines of business. Fifth Third’s business is conducted primarily via digital and information technology systems. This includes the use of digital applications, cloud computing and third- and fourth-party providers that host and store customer, employee and operational information. Failures, service interruptions, breaches or attempted breaches in the security of these environments occur frequently across the financial services industry including at Fifth Third and its third- and fourth-party providers. If a material event of this nature occurred at Fifth Third or one of its third- or fourth-party providers, it could result in disruptions to Fifth Third’s accounting, deposit, lending and other systems, and adversely affect its customer relationships. Fifth Third invests in information security, technical resiliency, business continuity and disaster recovery planning, and has policies and procedures designed to detect, limit, and prevent the impact of these possible events, and requires its third-party service providers to maintain similar controls. Despite this, there can be no assurance that any cyber-attacks, security breaches or system failures or interruptions will not occur or, if any do occur, that it can be remediated in such a way to eliminate the risk. Financial institutions are the targets of frequent efforts to breach systems, including through denial of service attacks, social engineering such as phishing and smishing, placement of insider threats, and ransomware, among others. Moreover, because the techniques used to cause such security breaches change frequently, may not be recognized until launched against a target and may originate from remote and less regulated areas around the world, Fifth Third may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. The increasing interdependence and complexity of financial institutions and infrastructure also means a disruption, compromise or failure that 29 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents affects one segment of the financial services industry could also impact Fifth Third. The prospect that AI may be used to conduct attacks may make them more difficult to detect. Additionally, the growing sophistication of AI increases the risk of cyber-attacks. Despite Fifth Third’s efforts to prevent a cyber-attack, a successful cyber-attack could persist for an extended period before being detected and, following detection, it could take considerable time for Fifth Third to obtain full and reliable information about the cybersecurity incident and the extent, amount and type of information compromised. During an investigation, Fifth Third may not necessarily know the full effects of the incident or how to remediate it, and actions and decisions that are taken or made in an effort to mitigate risk may further increase the costs and other negative consequences of the incident. Additionally, Fifth Third uses third- and fourth-party providers to host data, products, services, systems or platforms for Fifth Third, or in some cases to provide services to Fifth Third domestically and internationally. Fifth Third has a third-party risk program to oversee third- and fourth-party providers. This does not eliminate all risk and its failure to do so could result in customer losses, operational issues, litigation, regulatory actions and reputational damage. Even with reasonable investment and diligence by Fifth Third, Fifth Third’s ability to prevent cyber-attacks, security breaches or system failures or interruptions impacting its third- and fourth-party service providers may be limited. Financial services industry trends demonstrate a shift towards the use of cloud providers, Software as a Service partners and hosted platforms rather than traditional software services that can be operated from within a company’s firewall and data centers. The risks relating to security and availability of Fifth Third’s systems are further heightened through the increasing use of near real-time money movement solutions such as Zelle, and increase the difficulty to detect, prevent and recover fraudulent transactions. While controls are robust, the speed and automation of these systems introduce a risk of erroneous transactions that could result in financial loss. These additional risks are increasing the costs of Fifth Third’s investment in technology and cybersecurity and require further investment in cyber-related and data loss event insurance which Fifth Third has in place. Though Fifth Third has insurance against some cybersecurity risks and attacks, it may not be sufficient to offset the impact of a material loss event; and, Fifth Third cannot guarantee that cybersecurity insurance policies will not deny coverage, or that existing insurance coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms. Future investment in these areas could have higher than expected costs and/or result in operating inefficiencies, which could increase the costs associated with the implementation as well as ongoing operations. Further, clients and customers use their own devices to utilize mobile banking and online services. Not all of Fifth Third’s clients, customers or counterparties have appropriate controls in place to protect information exchanged between them and Fifth Third. This may create new security risks and increase the likelihood of security incidents impacting customers’ information. Customers’ information may not always be protected by third-party applications or other third-party technology used in connection with such services. This can result and has resulted in fraud. A security breach impacting systems operated by or on behalf of Fifth Third, or the loss or corruption of confidential information such as customer data, business results, and transaction records could adversely impact Fifth Third in numerous material ways, including by requiring public notification about the incident, causing financial losses, impacting Fifth Third’s ability to provide timely and accurate financial information in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, all of which could result in regulatory sanctions, litigation, reputational harm, monetary loss and the loss of customer confidence in Fifth Third. Additionally, security breaches involving the loss, mishandling, theft or corruption of customer or client information could result in adverse consequences including financial losses to Fifth Third's customers, litigation, regulatory sanctions, lost customers and revenue, increased costs and reputational harm. For more detail on Fifth Third’s cybersecurity governance structure and practices, see Item 1C of this Annual Report. Fifth Third may not be able to effectively manage organizational changes and implement key initiatives in a timely fashion, or at all, due to competing priorities which could adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. Fifth Third is subject to rapid changes in technology, regulation and product innovation, and faces intense competition for customers, sources of revenue, capital, services, qualified employees and other essential business resources. In order to meet these challenges, Fifth Third is or may be engaged in numerous critical strategic initiatives at the same time. Accomplishing these initiatives may be complex, time intensive and require significant financial, technological, management and other resources. These initiatives may consume management’s attention and may compete for limited resources. In addition, organizational changes may need to be implemented throughout Fifth Third as a result of the new products, services, partnerships and processes that arise from the execution of these various strategic initiatives. Fifth Third may have difficulty managing these organizational changes and executing these initiatives effectively in a timely fashion, or at all. Fifth Third’s failure to do so could expose it to litigation or regulatory action and may damage Fifth Third’s business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. Fifth Third may not be able to successfully implement future information technology system enhancements, which could adversely affect Fifth Third’s business operations and profitability. Fifth Third invests significant resources in information technology system enhancements in order to provide functionality and security at an appropriate level for ongoing product development and process re-engineering. Fifth Third may not be able to acquire or protect rights to its licensed or owned intellectual property or successfully implement and integrate future system enhancements, which could adversely impact the ability to provide timely and accurate financial information in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, which could result in sanctions from regulatory authorities. Such sanctions could include fines and result in reputational harm and have other negative effects. Failure to properly utilize system enhancements that are implemented in the future could result in impairment charges that adversely impact 30 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents Fifth Third’s financial condition and results of operations and could result in significant costs to remediate or replace the defective components. In addition, Fifth Third may become involved in licensing disputes or other litigation related to intellectual property or incur significant training, licensing, maintenance, consulting, depreciation expense and amortization expenses during and after systems implementations, and any such costs may continue for an extended period of time. A failure to maintain or enhance Fifth Third’s competitive position with respect to technology, whether because of a failure to anticipate client expectations or other necessary changes, a failure in the performance of technological developments or an untimely roll out of developments, may cause Fifth Third to lose market share or incur additional expense. New technological advancements, such as AI, may subject Fifth Third to additional risks. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services, and an established and growing demand for mobile and other phone and computer banking applications. Fifth Third’s future success depends, in part, upon Fifth Third’s ability to address the needs of its customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in its operations. Fifth Third’s competitors may have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. Fifth Third may not be able to effectively implement new technology driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse effect on Fifth Third’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, Fifth Third may utilize new technology, such as AI, in connection with its business and operations. AI may be developed internally by Fifth Third, or may be provided to Fifth Third by third- or fourth-party service providers. Any such new technology could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of Fifth Third’s system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business, products or services and/or technologies could have a material adverse effect on Fifth Third’s business, financial condition and results of operations. AI may introduce Fifth Third to novel or intensified legal, regulatory, ethical, operational, reputational or other risks. AI models employed by Fifth Third or its service providers might be flawed due to improper design, implementation, or training or outputs based on data or algorithms that are incomplete, inadequate, misleading, biased or of poor quality. These flaws may not be easily identifiable. Additionally, there is no certainty that Fifth Third’s use of AI will successfully enhance its business operations or achieve its intended outcomes, and its competitors may adopt AI more swiftly or effectively than Fifth Third does. AI usage is subject to a range of existing laws and regulations. AI is also expected to be governed by new laws and regulations, or new applications of existing laws and regulations. AI is under ongoing scrutiny by various governmental and regulatory bodies, with federal, state and international authorities either implementing or considering legal frameworks that could impact Fifth Third’s ability to leverage AI effectively. Fifth Third may find it challenging to predict and adapt to these rapidly evolving legal requirements. Additionally, if Fifth Third does not possess adequate rights to the data or algorithms underpinning its AI solutions, or the outputs they generate, Fifth Third could face liabilities for breaching applicable laws and regulations. The limited experience with novel AI algorithms or applications within financial services generally, coupled with the swift pace of technological advancements and the rapid adoption of AI by Fifth Third’s partners and competitors, may hinder Fifth Third’s ability to effectively mitigate or detect these risks. Any perceived or actual shortcomings in addressing AI-related concerns could adversely affect Fifth Third’s business and operations. Fifth Third may experience losses related to fraud, theft or violence. Fifth Third has experienced, and may experience again in the future, losses incurred due to customer or employee fraud, theft or physical violence. Additionally, physical violence may negatively affect Fifth Third’s key personnel, facilities or systems. These losses may be material and negatively affect Fifth Third’s financial condition, results of operations or prospects or lead to significant reputational risks and other effects. The industry fraud threat continues to evolve, including but not limited to strategies such as card fraud, check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, social engineering, the use of AI for impersonation and other schemes, malware and phishing attacks for identity theft and account takeover. Fifth Third continues to invest in fraud prevention in the forms of people and systems designed to prevent, detect and mitigate the customer and financial impacts. Fifth Third could suffer if it fails to attract and retain skilled personnel. Fifth Third’s success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key individuals. Competition for qualified candidates is intense, which may increase Fifth Third’s expenses and may result in Fifth Third not being able to hire candidates or retain them. If Fifth Third is not able to hire qualified candidates or retain its key personnel, Fifth Third may be unable to execute its business strategies and may suffer adverse consequences to its business, financial condition and results of operations. Compensation paid by financial institutions such as Fifth Third is heavily regulated, particularly under Dodd-Frank, which affects the amount and form of compensation Fifth Third pays to hire and retain talented employees. If Fifth Third is unable to attract and retain qualified employees, or do so at rates necessary to maintain its competitive position, or if compensation costs required to attract and retain employees become more expensive, Fifth Third’s performance, including its competitive position, could be materially adversely affected. 31 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents LEGAL AND REGULATORY COMPLIANCE RISKS Fifth Third and/or its affiliates are or may become involved from time to time in information-gathering requests, investigations and litigation, regulatory or other enforcement proceedings by various governmental regulatory agencies and law enforcement authorities, as well as self-regulatory agencies, which may lead to adverse consequences. Fifth Third and/or its affiliates are or may become involved from time to time in information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental regulatory agencies and law enforcement authorities, including but not limited to the FRB, OCC, CFPB, SEC, FINRA, U.S. Department of Justice, etc., as well as state and other governmental authorities and self-regulatory bodies, regarding their respective businesses. Also, a violation of law or regulation by another financial institution may give rise to an inquiry into or investigation by regulators or other authorities of the same or similar practices by Fifth Third. In addition, the complexity of the federal and state regulatory and enforcement regimes in the U.S. means that a single event or topic may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and regulatory proceedings. Furthermore, Fifth Third and certain of its directors and officers have been named from time to time as defendants in various class actions and other litigation relating to Fifth Third’s business and activities, as well as regulatory or other enforcement proceedings. Past, present and future litigation have included or could include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. Investigations by regulatory authorities may from time to time result in civil or criminal referrals to law enforcement. Enforcement authorities may seek admissions of wrongdoing and, in some cases, criminal pleas as part of the resolutions of matters, and any such resolution of a matter involving Fifth Third could lead to increased exposure to private litigation, adversely affect Fifth Third’s reputation and result in limitations on Fifth Third’s ability to do business in certain jurisdictions. Each of the matters described above may result in material adverse consequences, including without limitation, adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other actions, amendments and/or restatements of Fifth Third’s SEC filings and/or financial statements, as applicable, and/or determinations of material weaknesses in its disclosure controls and procedures. In addition, responding to information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the matter, could be time-consuming and expensive. Fifth Third is also subject to risk from potential employee misconduct and in some instances, may be held responsible for the failure of certain third parties, including service providers, vendors, business partners, customers or certain companies in which Fifth Third has invested, to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations. Substantial legal liability or regulatory or other enforcement action against Fifth Third could materially adversely affect its business, financial condition or results of operations and/or cause significant reputational harm to its business. The outcome of lawsuits and regulatory proceedings may be difficult to predict or estimate and may involve claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages. Although Fifth Third establishes accruals for legal proceedings when information related to the loss contingencies represented by those matters indicates both that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, Fifth Third does not have accruals for all legal proceedings where it faces a risk of loss. In addition, amounts accrued may not represent the ultimate loss to Fifth Third from the legal proceedings in question. Thus, Fifth Third’s ultimate losses may be higher, and possibly significantly so, than the amounts accrued for legal loss contingencies, which could adversely affect Fifth Third’s results of operations. For further information on specific legal and regulatory proceedings, refer to Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Fifth Third is subject to extensive governmental regulation which could adversely impact Fifth Third or the businesses in which Fifth Third is engaged. Government regulation and legislation subject Fifth Third to restrictions, oversight and/or costs that may have an impact on Fifth Third’s business, financial condition, results of operations or the price of its common stock. Fifth Third is subject to extensive federal and state regulation, supervision and legislation that govern almost all aspects of its operations and limit the businesses in which Fifth Third may engage. This includes many regulations related to Fifth Third’s banking, investment banking, securities underwriting, market making, investment management and retail and institutional brokerage services businesses offered through the Bancorp’s subsidiaries. These laws and regulations may change from time to time and are primarily intended for the protection of consumers, borrowers and depositors and are not designed to protect security-holders. Compliance with these laws and regulations has resulted in and will continue to result in additional costs, which could be significant, and may have a material and adverse effect on Fifth Third’s results of operations. In addition, if Fifth Third does not comply with applicable legislation and regulations, Fifth Third may be subject to litigation, fines, penalties or judgments, or material regulatory restrictions on its businesses, which could adversely affect operations and, in turn, financial results, or that materially adversely affect its shareholders. Future changes in laws or regulations or their interpretations or enforcement may also be materially adverse to Fifth Third and its shareholders or may require Fifth Third to expend significant time and resources to comply with such requirements. Similarly, the impact of domestic and international events related to financial crime such as fraud, money laundering and economic sanctions will continue to be an area of constant change, risk and regulatory focus which pose ongoing regulatory, compliance, operational and financial risks. Fifth Third cannot predict whether or what pending or future legislation will be adopted or the impact of any such new legislation on Fifth Third. Changes in regulation and supervisory and enforcement focus could affect Fifth Third in a substantial way and could have an adverse 32 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, legislation or regulatory reform could affect the behaviors of third parties that Fifth Third deals within the course of business, such as rating agencies, insurance companies and investors. Bank failures may create market volatility and regulatory uncertainty which could have a material adverse effect on Fifth Third’s business and financial condition. In addition, changes in laws or regulations that affect Fifth Third’s customers and business partners could negatively affect Fifth Third’s revenues and expenses. Certain changes in laws or regulations such as tax law reforms that impose limitations on the deductibility of interest may decrease the demand for Fifth Third’s products or services and could negatively affect its financial condition and results of operations. Heightened standards under new laws or regulations may result in increased obligations and compliance costs, may result in supervisory or enforcement action, and may factor into Fifth Third’s ability to expand services and/or engage in new activities. Other changes in laws or regulations could cause Fifth Third’s third-party service providers and other vendors to increase prices and negatively affect Fifth Third’s expenses and financial results. Fifth Third could suffer from unauthorized use of intellectual property. Fifth Third develops for itself, and licenses from others, intellectual property for use in conducting its business. This intellectual property has been, and may be, subject to misappropriation or infringement by third parties as well as claims that Fifth Third’s use of certain technology or other intellectual property infringes on rights owned by others. Fifth Third has been, and may be, subject to disputes and/or litigation concerning these claims and could be held responsible for significant damages covering past activities and substantial fees to continue to engage in these activities in the future. Fifth Third may also be unable to acquire rights to use certain intellectual property that is important for its business and may be unable to effectively engage in critical business activities. If Fifth Third is unable to protect or acquire rights to use intellectual property it owns or licenses, it may lose certain competitive advantages, incur expenses and/or lose revenue and may suffer harm to its business results and financial condition. Fifth Third is subject to various regulatory requirements that may limit its operations and potential growth. Under federal and state laws and regulations pertaining to the safety and soundness of insured depository institutions and their holding companies, the FRB, the FDIC, the CFPB and the OCC have the authority to compel or restrict certain actions by the Bancorp and the Bank. The Bancorp and the Bank are subject to such supervisory authority and, more generally, must, in certain instances, obtain prior regulatory approval before engaging in certain activities or corporate decisions. There can be no assurance that such approvals, if required, would be obtained or granted in a timely manner. Failure to receive any such approval, if required, could limit or impair the Bancorp’s operations, restrict its growth, ability to compete, innovate or participate in industry consolidation and/or affect its dividend policy. Such actions and activities that may be subject to prior approval include, but are not limited to, increasing dividends or other capital distributions by the Bancorp or the Bank, entering into a merger or acquisition transaction, acquiring or establishing new branches and entering into certain new businesses. Fifth Third and other financial institutions are highly regulated and subject to extensive oversight, supervision and examination by regulators and self-regulatory entities. In this regard, government authorities, including the bank regulatory agencies and law enforcement, may pursue enforcement actions with respect to compliance and other legal matters involving financial activities, which heightens the risks associated with actual and perceived compliance failures and may also adversely affect Fifth Third’s ability to enter into certain transactions or engage in certain activities, or obtain necessary regulatory approvals in connection therewith. Government enforcement authority includes the ability to: assess significant civil or criminal monetary penalties, fines or restitution; issue cease and desist or removal orders; and initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. These enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. In some cases, regulatory agencies may take supervisory actions that may not be publicly disclosed, which could restrict or limit Fifth Third. Finally, as part of Fifth Third’s regular examination process, the Bancorp and the Bank’s respective regulators may advise it and its banking subsidiary to operate under various restrictions as a prudential matter. Such supervisory actions or restrictions, if and in whatever manner imposed, could negatively affect Fifth Third’s ability to engage in new activities and certain transactions, as well as have a material adverse effect on Fifth Third’s business and results of operations and may not be publicly disclosed. As a regulated entity, the Bancorp is subject to certain capital requirements that may limit its operations, potential growth and ability to pay or increase dividends on its common stock or to repurchase its capital stock. The Bancorp must maintain certain risk-based and leverage capital ratios as required by the FRB which can change depending upon general economic conditions and the Bancorp’s particular condition, risk profile and growth plans. Compliance with the capital requirements, including leverage ratios, may limit operations that require the intensive use of capital and could adversely affect the Bancorp’s ability to expand or maintain present business levels. Failur
[...TRUNCATED...]