=== STT_2026-04-08.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant To Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to Section 240.14a-12 STATE STREET CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS April 8, 2026 Dear Shareholder: We cordially invite you to the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders of State Street Corporation. The meeting will be held on May 20, 2026, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time and will be conducted online via live audio webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/STT2026 . You will be able to participate, submit questions and vote your shares electronically. The proxy statement and annual meeting provide an important opportunity for us to engage with you as shareholders, and for you to communicate with us on important topics such as our performance, executive compensation and corporate governance, including the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. Details regarding virtual admission to the meeting and the business to be conducted are more fully described in the accompanying notice of annual meeting and proxy statement. Your vote is very important to us. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting online, please carefully review the enclosed proxy statement, together with the annual report that accompanies it, and then cast your vote at your earliest convenience. We urge you to vote regardless of the number of shares you hold. We look forward to the annual meeting. Your continued interest in State Street is very much appreciated. Sincerely, Ronald P. O Hanley Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President TABLE OF CONTENTS April 8, 2026 NOTICE OF STATE STREET CORPORATION 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Date May 20, 2026 Time 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time Location Virtual annual meeting of shareholders conducted via live audio webcast at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/STT2026 Purpose 1. To elect 13 directors 2. To approve an advisory proposal on executive compensation 3. To ratify the selection of Ernst Young LLP as State Street s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026 4. To vote on a shareholder proposal, if properly presented at the meeting and not previously withdrawn 5. To act upon such other business as may properly come before the meeting and any adjournments thereof Record Date The Board has fixed the close of business on March 25, 2026, as the record date for determining shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting. Meeting Admission If you plan to attend the meeting online, please enter the 16-digit control number included in your notice of Internet availability of the proxy materials or in your proxy card, or follow the voting instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. A list of our registered holders as of the close of business on the record date will be made available to shareholders during the meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/STT2026. To access such list of registered holders beginning April 10, 2026 and until the meeting, shareholders should email State Street Investor Relations at IR@statestreet.com. Voting by Proxy Please submit a proxy card or, for shares held in street name through a broker, bank or other nominee, a voting instruction form, as soon as possible, so your shares can be voted at the meeting. You may submit your proxy card or voting instruction form by mail. If you are a registered shareholder, you may also submit your proxy by telephone or over the Internet by following the instructions included with your proxy card or notice of Internet availability of proxy materials. If your shares are held in street name, you will receive instructions for the voting of your shares from your broker, bank or other nominee, which may permit telephone or Internet submission of voting instructions. Follow the instructions on the voting instruction form or notice of Internet availability of proxy materials that you receive from your broker, bank or other nominee to ensure that your shares are properly voted at the annual meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors, Mark Shelton Secretary TABLE OF CONTENTS STATE STREET CORPORATION One Congress Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02114 Proxy Statement Summary Information 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Date: May 20, 2026 Time: 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time Location: Virtual Annual Meeting of Shareholders conducted via live audio webcast at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/STT2026 Record date: March 25, 2026 The proxy statement and annual report, and the means to submit a proxy electronically prior to the annual meeting, are available at www.proxyvote.com. To view this material, you must have available the 16-digit control number located on the notice mailed beginning on April 8, 2026, on the proxy card or, if shares are held in the name of a broker, bank or other nominee, on the voting instruction form. More information about the annual meeting is described under the heading General Information About the Annual Meeting. Voting Matters and Recommendations Item Board Recommendation Election of Directors (see Item 1 ) FOR Each Director Advisory Proposal on 2025 Executive Compensation (see Item 2 ) FOR Ratification of Ernst Young LLP as Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 (see Item 3 ) FOR Shareholder Proposal, if properly presented at the meeting, requesting the adoption of a policy and amendment to the by-laws requiring the Chair of the Board be an independent member of the Board in the next CEO transition (see Item 4 ) AGAINST The following summary provides general information about State Street Corporation, referred to as State Street or the Company, and highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. This summary does not contain all of the information you should consider when deciding how to vote your shares. For further and more detailed information on the matters referenced below, prior to casting your vote, please carefully review the entire proxy statement and our 2025 annual report on Form 10-K. Our 2025 annual report on Form 10-K accompanies this proxy statement and was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In this proxy statement, we reference various information and materials available on our corporate website. We have included our website address in this proxy statement as an inactive textual reference only. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this proxy statement. Forward-Looking Statements This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of United States securities laws, including statements about our goals and expectations regarding our business, strategy, financial and capital condition, results of operations, the financial and market outlook, the business environment, sustainability and impact, human capital and other matters that do not relate to historical facts. Forward-looking statements are often, but not always, identified by such forward-looking terminology as expect, will, strategy, believe, plan, intend, priority, estimate, goal, outlook, aim, target, outcome, future, objective, pipeline, anticipate, guidance, seek, trajectory, trend, and forecast, or similar statements or variations of such terms. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, are inherently uncertain, are based on current assumptions that are difficult to predict and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed in those statements. Other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements are set forth in our 2025 annual report on Form 10-K and our subsequent SEC filings. We encourage investors to read these filings, particularly the sections on risk factors, for additional information with respect to any forward-looking statements and prior to making any voting or investment decision. The forward-looking statements contained in this proxy statement should not be relied on as representing our expectations or beliefs as of any time subsequent to the time this proxy statement is first filed with the SEC, and we do not undertake efforts to revise those forward-looking statements to reflect events after that time. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement i TABLE OF CONTENTS About State Street State Street Corporation, or State Street, is one of the world s leading providers of financial services to institutional investors, including investment servicing, markets and financing solutions and investment management. Our clients asset managers and owners, insurance companies, wealth managers, official institutions and central banks rely on us to deliver solutions that support their business objectives across the investment life cycle. Leveraging our strength and scale, innovation and platforms, and industry expertise, we are an essential partner to our clients. In all aspects of our business, we work toward a singular purpose: to help create better outcomes for the world s investors and the people they serve. Through our subsidiaries, including our principal banking subsidiary, State Street Bank and Trust Company, referred to as State Street Bank, we operate in more than 100 geographic markets worldwide, providing a broad range of financial products and services to institutional investors globally. As of December 31, 2025, we reported $53.80 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration (AUC/A) and $5.67 trillion in assets under management (AUM). We had consolidated total assets of $366.05 billion, consolidated total deposits of $274.35 billion, consolidated total shareholders equity of $27.84 billion and approximately 52,000 employees as of December 31, 2025. State Street Corporation, referred to as the Parent Company, was organized in 1969 under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and is a bank holding company that has elected to be treated as a financial holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. The Parent Company is a source of financial and managerial strength to our subsidiaries. We conduct our business primarily through State Street Bank, which traces its beginnings to 1792, with the founding of our oldest ancestor bank, Union Bank. State Street Bank s current charter was authorized by a special Act of the Massachusetts Legislature in 1891, and its present name was adopted in 1960. State Street Bank operates as a specialized bank, referred to as a trust or custody bank, that services and manages assets on behalf of its institutional clients. 2025 was another successful year for State Street and we entered 2026 with momentum and a proven strategy to deliver strong results and meaningful value for our clients, shareholders, and employees. Our progress reflects the strategic actions and investments we have made in recent years deepening and broadening our capabilities while elevating our client value proposition which have strengthened our position as our clients essential partner, enabling us to compete from a position of strength. This solid foundation positioned us well to capitalize on a dynamic yet constructive market environment in 2025, and we delivered another year of accelerating financial performance. For the year ended December 31, 2025, State Street reported GAAP total revenue of $13.9 billion, compared to $13.0 billion in the prior year, reflecting growth in fee revenue across Investment Services, Investment Management, and State Street Markets. GAAP total expenses were $10.2 billion, reflecting continued investment in technology modernization, client facing capabilities, and strategic growth initiatives, partially offset by productivity savings. GAAP net income available to common shareholders was $2.7 billion, and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $9.40, compared to $8.21 in the prior year. State Street ended 2025 with record AUC/A and AUM, driven by higher market levels and continued strength in flows across Investment Servicing and Investment Management. For 2025, we expanded our pre tax margin by 70 basis points, relative to 2024. Our strong financial performance underscores the effectiveness of our strategy, and in 2025 we built on that success with a number of key strategic milestones which reflect our disciplined focus on reinvesting to drive near-term and long-term growth across our franchise, enhance client experience and capabilities, and further strengthen our platform while delivering strong shareholder returns. The financial measures used in our executive compensation programs are linked to the below financial results, which are presented on a non-GAAP basis, unless otherwise noted. See footnote (1) to the below table. Additional performance indicators are presented in Compensation Discussion and Analysis Performance and Compensation Decisions Corporate Performance. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement ii TABLE OF CONTENTS Financial Highlights Consolidated Financial Performance, excluding notable items, non-GAAP ( $ in millions, except per share data ) (1) 2025 2024 Change Total Fee Revenue $11,001 $10,075 +9.2% Total Revenue 13,965 13,000 +7.4% Expenses 9,831 9,342 +5.2% Pre-Tax Margin 29.2% 27.6% +1.6% pts EPS $10.30 $8.67 +18.8% Return on average common equity (ROE) (GAAP) 11.5% 11.1% +0.4% pts (1) Non-GAAP financial results adjust selected GAAP-basis financial results to exclude the impact of notable items outside of State Street s normal course of business. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, financial measures determined in conformity with GAAP. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures presented in this proxy statement, see Appendix B . State Street s 2025 performance is reviewed in greater detail, along with relevant risks associated with our businesses, results of operations and financial condition, in our 2025 annual report on Form 10-K, which accompanies this proxy statement and was previously filed with the SEC. Director Nominees We believe that members of our Board of Directors (the Board) should have complementary skills and qualifications that collectively represent a depth of broad and diverse experiences. We seek director nominees who have had substantial achievement in their personal and professional pursuits and possess the talent, experience and integrity necessary to effectively oversee our businesses and strategy and enhance long-term shareholder value. Based on these desired attributes, the Board has nominated the following 13 director nominees for election at the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. Director Nominee Principal Occupation Other Public Company Boards (#) State Street Board Roles and Committee Memberships Marie A. Chandoha* Director Since 2019 Age 64 Retired President and Chief Executive Officer, Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. 2 Examining and Audit Executive Risk (Chair) Technology and Operations DonnaLee A. DeMaio* Director Since 2022 Age 67 Retired Global Chief Operating Officer, American International Group, Inc. (AIG) 1 Examining and Audit Technology and Operations Amelia C. Fawcett* Director Since 2006 Age 69 Retired Chairman, Kinnevik AB None Human Resources Nominating and Corporate Governance William C. Freda* Director Since 2014 Age 73 Retired Senior Partner and Vice Chairman, Deloitte LLP None Examining and Audit (Chair) Executive Nominating and Corporate Governance Risk Susan M. Gordon*&#x5E; Director Since 2026 Age 67 Former Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence, United States Government 2 Examining and Audit Technology and Operations State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement iii TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Nominee Principal Occupation Other Public Company Boards (#) State Street Board Roles and Committee Memberships Patricia M. Halliday* Director Since 2024 Age 59 Retired Chief Risk Officer, Santander UK PLC and Santander UK Group Holdings PLC None Risk Technology and Operations Sara Mathew* Director Since 2018 Age 70 Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Dun Bradstreet Corporation None Lead Director Executive Human Resources Nominating and Corporate Governance William L. Meaney* Director Since 2018 Age 66 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Iron Mountain Inc. 1 Executive Human Resources Nominating and Corporate Governance (Chair) Ronald P. O Hanley Director Since 2019 Age 69 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, State Street Corporation 1 Chairman of the Board Executive (Chair) Risk Sean P. O Sullivan* Director Since 2017 Age 70 Retired Group Managing Director and Group Chief Operating Officer, HSBC Holdings, plc None Executive Risk Technology and Operations (Chair) Julio A. Portalatin* Director Since 2021 Age 67 Retired President and Chief Executive Officer, Mercer Consulting Group, Inc. None Human Resources Risk Brian J. Porter*&#x5E; Director Since 2025 Age 68 Retired President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank of Nova Scotia 2 Human Resources Risk John B. Rhea* Director Since 2021 Age 60 Partner, Centerview Partners, LLC 1 Examining Audit Human Resources (Chair) Executive * = Independent &#x5E; = First-Time Nominee State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement iv TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Summary Our Board is committed to strong corporate governance practices and is intent on maintaining State Street s reputation for quality, integrity and high ethical standards. The following summarizes key aspects of our corporate governance: Board of Directors 12 of 13 director nominees are independent Annual director elections Annual assessment of effectiveness of the Board, its committees and each director nominee Board members are reflective of diverse experiences, skills and backgrounds Active independent Lead Director appointed annually by the independent directors Board and committees meet regularly in executive session without management present Effective Board refreshment process, adding six new independent directors in the last five years Shareholder Rights and Engagement Directors are elected by a majority of votes cast in uncontested elections and by plurality vote in contested elections Continuous shareholder outreach program with director participation During 2025, contacted shareholders representing approximately 56% of shares outstanding Met with all that expressed an interest in meeting No poison pill Proxy access by-law allows shareholders to include director nominees in State Street s proxy materials No common stock supermajority vote requirements Strategy, Compensation and Risk Board and Committee oversight of: Strategy, financial performance, technology, human capital, ethics and risk management Succession planning for Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and other executive officers Sustainability related obligations, initiatives and strategies Alignment of our incentive compensation arrangements with our safety and soundness Directors and executive officers subject to stock ownership guidelines and prohibited from short selling, pledging, options trading, hedging and speculative transactions in State Street securities Non-management directors required to hold all net shares received as compensation for service until separation from State Street Incentive compensation subject to clawback and forfeiture mechanisms State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement v TABLE OF CONTENTS Sustainability We view sustainability through the lens of creating and preserving long-term value for our clients, employees, and our communities, with the ultimate objective of driving shareholder value creation. We recognize that sustainable growth comes from operating with absolute integrity and in a way that respects our shareholders, clients, employees, communities and the environment. We adhere to principles of sound governance and aim to help our clients succeed. We are dedicated to maintaining a global and inclusive workplace where employees feel valued, engaged and empowered to thrive. We feel a responsibility to enhance the communities where we live and work and we pursue environmental sustainability, both in the way we carry out our operations and in the products and services we offer. As part of these efforts, the Board oversees our sustainability strategy and each of the committees of the Board oversees our sustainability activities and practices within their respective scope of responsibilities. Our Sustainability Report, which can be found on our website, provides information about our sustainability activities according to the frameworks created by the Sustainability Account Standards Board (SASB), the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). Overview of 2025 Executive Compensation Program Compensation Philosophy Our executive compensation program is designed to drive Company and individual performance and to align the pay ultimately received by each executive with the performance experienced by our shareholders over time by placing a strong emphasis on long-term equity-based vehicles, including performance-based equity. Our executive compensation philosophy is summarized in the following principles: For each of our Named Executive Officers (NEOs) identified in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Human Resources Committee (HRC) determines the amount of individual compensation to be awarded to our NEOs by looking at total compensation, consisting of fixed compensation and incentive compensation. The HRC establishes target total compensation levels for our NEOs each year. The targets are based on each executive s role, responsibilities and performance trend, as well as competitive and market factors and internal equity. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement vi TABLE OF CONTENTS Sound Compensation and Corporate Governance Practices Our NEO compensation practices are designed to support good governance and mitigate against excessive risk-taking. We regularly review and refine our corporate governance practices considering several factors, including feedback from ongoing shareholder engagement. What We Do Long-term performance-based equity awards in the form of performance-based restricted stock units (RSUs) Significant deferred equity-based incentive compensation Active engagement with shareholders on compensation, corporate governance and other issues Close interaction between the HRC and the Board s Risk Committee (RC) and Examining and Audit Committee (E A) Independent compensation consultant Clawback and forfeiture provisions to recoup compensation following financial restatements and specified misconduct or other actions Double-trigger change-of-control required for deferred incentive compensation acceleration and cash payments Stock ownership policy, including holding requirements for NEOs who are below full ownership guidelines Non-competition and other restrictive covenants, where permissible Annual review of incentive compensation design for alignment with risk management principles What We Do Not Do No option grants or option repricing No tax gross-up on perquisites (1) No multi-year guaranteed incentive awards No single-trigger change-of-control vesting or cash payments No change-of-control excise tax gross-up No short selling, options trading, hedging, pledging or speculative transactions in State Street securities (1) Excluding (a) a small meal allowance provided as a customary benefit to all German employees, including Mr. Ambrosius, and (b) certain international assignments and relocation benefits. More information about executive compensation at State Street is described under the heading Compensation Discussion and Analysis. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement vii TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary Information i Letter from our Independent Lead Director 1 Corporate Governance at State Street 3 Shareholder Engagement and Communications 3 Corporate Governance Guidelines and Independence 4 Standards of Conduct 5 Board Composition 5 Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 12 Meetings of the Board of Directors and Annual Meeting of Shareholders 15 Committees of the Board of Directors 15 Non-Management Director Compensation 18 Related-Person Transactions 21 Human Capital 22 Item 1: Election of Directors 24 Executive Compensation 38 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 38 Other Executive Compensation Information 69 Human Resources Committee Report 69 Alignment of Incentive Compensation and Risk 69 Summary Compensation Table 71 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 74 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End, December 31, 2025 77 2025 Stock Vested 80 2025 Pension Benefits 80 2025 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 82 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control as of December 31, 2025 83 Pay Versus Performance 93 CEO Pay Ratio Disclosure 97 Item 2: Approval of Advisory Proposal on Executive Compensation 99 Examining and Audit Committee Matters 100 Examining and Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 100 Audit and Non-Audit Fees 100 Report of the Examining and Audit Committee 101 Item 3: Ratification of the Selection of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 102 Item 4: Shareholder Proposal 104 General Information About the Annual Meeting 107 Questions and Answers About Voting 107 Other Matters 110 Proposals and Nominations by Shareholders 110 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 112 Beneficial Owners 112 Management 113 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 114 Appendix A: Excerpt from State Street s Corporate Governance Guidelines A-1 Appendix B: Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Information B-1 State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement viii TABLE OF CONTENTS To my fellow shareholders: As State Street s independent Lead Director, and on behalf of the Board of Directors, I look forward to welcoming you to our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. This meeting is particularly meaningful to me as it marks my first annual meeting serving in the role of Lead Director, and I am eager to engage with you in this capacity at the meeting. Over my years on the Board, I have had the opportunity to witness State Street navigate significant change while remaining grounded in its purpose: to help create better outcomes for the world s investors and the people they serve. Guided by this purpose, the Board remains deeply engaged with management on the Company s strategy to be the leading partner and provider to asset managers, asset owners and wealth managers globally. Our oversight is focused on sustainable growth, supported by rigorous risk management and a robust governance framework. 2025 was another year of meaningful progress against our strategic priorities. Throughout the year, the Board closely monitored execution of the strategy, with particular emphasis on promoting long-term value creation, disciplined investment, innovation in servicing and technology capabilities and effective management of risk within our established appetite and framework. These discussions were candid and incisive, reflecting the Board s responsibility to challenge assumptions and offer varied perspectives while supporting management s long term vision in navigating through a dynamic operating, regulatory and market environment. I would like to highlight some key governance and Board leadership matters that underpin the nature of our oversight. Board Leadership and the Independent Lead Director Role State Street employs a robust Board leadership structure, with separate Chair and independent Lead Director roles, which the Board believes promotes effective governance, accountability and independent oversight. As Lead Director, I serve as an active representative of the independent directors and a key partner to the Chair and CEO. In this role, I work closely with the Chair and CEO on agenda setting, preside over executive sessions of independent directors, and help foster open, constructive dialogue, both among directors and with management. With regularly scheduled meetings with the Chair and CEO connecting on the progress of business initiatives and strategic priorities, I am able to maintain a continuing, effective and close liaison representing the Board in overseeing strategic execution and new developments during the periods between Board meetings. I also engage regularly with other members of executive management, regulators and additional stakeholders, reinforcing clear communication and strong governance practices. As independent Lead Director, I attend every meeting of the Board and substantially all meetings of its standing committees, providing continuity, coordination and insight across committees and enabling effective oversight of complex and interrelated topics. This continuity matters. It adds texture and context for the Board in aligning strategy, risk and performance, supporting a holistic mindset to provide informed guidance to management. Board Composition and Refreshment A high-performing Board requires ongoing attention to composition, skills and effectiveness. As part of our annual governance practices, the Board evaluates director qualifications, experiences, attributes and contributions to ensure alignment with State Street s long-term strategy and evolving business needs. Diverse viewpoints, deep expertise and fresh perspectives, evidenced through election of 6 independent directors in the last 5 years, enhance Board engagement and decision-making and strengthen our ability to oversee management on behalf of shareholders. Through this continuing assessment process, the Board welcomed Brian Porter as a new independent director in 2025. Brian brings extensive leadership experience across financial services, including global banking, regulatory engagement, risk management and organizational transformation. His comprehensive understanding of regulatory complexity and organizational change has already influenced Board discussions. In addition, in March 2026 Susan Gordon joined the Board. Sue is a leader in national security, intelligence and technology with a three-decade career of leadership in the United States government, most recently serving as the Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence. Her deep expertise of technology, geopolitics and organizational innovation complement the collective experience of the Board in executing its oversight responsibilities. The Board believes that the 13 director nominees presented for election at the annual meeting represent a highly experienced and engaged group of leaders, committed to active participation and thoughtful oversight in the best interests of State Street and its shareholders. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Conclusion It is an honor to serve as the Lead Director, representing the independent directors of the Board and actively leading an overall governance framework that encourages open and informed dialogue, rigorous oversight and constructive engagement with management. I appreciate the confidence placed in the Board by our shareholders and thank you for your continued support and investment in State Street. On behalf of the Board, I look forward to continuing our engagement and dialogue in the year ahead. Sincerely, Sara Mathew Lead Director State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to be Held on May 20, 2026 The proxy statement and annual report, and the means to vote electronically, are available at www.proxyvote.com. To view this material, you must have available the 16-digit control number located on the notice mailed on or about April 8, 2026 on the proxy card or, if shares are held in the name of a broker, bank or other nominee, on the voting instruction form. Corporate Governance at State Street Shareholder Engagement and Communications We believe that regular engagement with our shareholders is an important component of our corporate governance program and is additive to the ongoing dialogue, conferences and meetings that our Investor Relations team and senior management hold with analysts and institutional investors throughout the year. Our shareholder engagement program provides management and the Board with valuable insights not only on corporate governance and executive compensation, but also with perspectives on our corporate strategy, performance and goals. Our shareholders also help to provide additional information regarding emerging trends that may impact State Street. Our shareholder engagement process provides a recurring opportunity to receive feedback and to share updates throughout the year. State Street generally initiates engagement by requesting to meet and connect with the shareholder. Many shareholders, based on prior engagement, our public disclosures or other factors, elect to meet with us less frequently or not at all. If a shareholder desires to meet with us, meetings are led by a cross-functional team of senior leaders in Human Resources, Investor Relations, Sustainability and Legal. An independent director participates in these meetings from time to time. The Human Resources and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees of the Board receive updates on the shareholder meetings at least twice per year and benefit from shareholder feedback in their decision-making. Other committees receive updates, as appropriate. In 2025, our meetings with shareholders included discussion of a range of topics such as our executive compensation program design, corporate strategy and business performance, Board and committee corporate governance practices and our investors' perspectives on environment and social matters. 2025 Shareholder Engagement Snapshot During 2025, we engaged with shareholders representing approximately 56% of shares outstanding, and met with all of those who expressed an interest in providing feedback. The independent Lead Director participated in select engagements, and shareholder feedback from all engagements was relayed directly to the Human Resources Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street Corporate Governance Guidelines and Independence The Board, in its role of overseeing the conduct of our business, is guided by our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Among other things, the Corporate Governance Guidelines describe the role of the Board, its responsibilities and functions, the director qualification and selection process and the role of the Lead Director. Each year, the Board reviews the Corporate Governance Guidelines and makes updates, as appropriate. The Corporate Governance Guidelines contain categorical standards for determining director independence under New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) listing standards. In general, a director would not be independent under those standards if the director (and in certain circumstances, a member of the director s immediate family) has, or in the past three years had, specified relationships or affiliations with State Street, its external or internal auditors or other companies that do business with State Street (including employment by State Street, receipt of a specified level of direct compensation from State Street other than director fees and compensation committee interlocks). The categorical standards also provide specified relationships that, by themselves, would not impair independence. The portion of the Corporate Governance Guidelines addressing director independence is attached as Appendix A to this proxy statement. The full Corporate Governance Guidelines are available under the Corporate Governance section in the Investors portion of our website at www.statestreet.com . In addition to the Corporate Governance Guidelines, the charters for each principal standing committee of the Board are available in the same location on our website. Independent Director Governance The independent directors meet in an executive session presided by the independent Lead Director at every regularly scheduled meeting of the Board and otherwise as needed The meetings of the independent directors promote additional opportunities, outside the presence of management, for the directors to engage together in discussion. The regularity of these meetings fosters continuity for these discussions and allows for a greater depth and scope to the matters discussed Pursuant to the Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board undertook its annual review of director independence in early 2026. State Street, as a global financial institution and one of the largest providers of financial services to institutional investors, conducts business with many organizations throughout the world. Our directors or their immediate family members may have relationships or affiliations with some of these organizations. As provided in the Corporate Governance Guidelines, the purpose of the director independence review is to determine whether any relationship or transaction is inconsistent with a determination that the director is independent. The Board, with the benefit of this review and a recommendation by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, determined that all of our directors, other than Mr. O Hanley (our CEO), meet the categorical standards for independence under the Corporate Governance Guidelines, have no material relationship with State Street (other than the role of director) and satisfy the qualifications for independence under the NYSE s listing standards. In making the independence determinations in 2026, the Board considered that the below identified individuals, or their respective family members, have the following relationships or arrangements that are deemed to be immaterial under the categorical standards for independence included in the Corporate Governance Guidelines: commercial or charitable relationships with an entity for which the State Street director or family member serves as a non-management director, and with respect to which the director was uninvolved in negotiating such relationship (Messrs. Freda, Meaney, Portalatin, Porter and Rhea) commercial relationships with an entity for which the State Street director or family member serves as an employee, consultant or executive officer where the director does not receive any special benefits from the transaction and the annual payments to or from the entity are equal to or less than the greater of $1 million or 2% of the consolidated gross annual revenues of the other entity during the most recent completed fiscal year (Messrs. Freda, Meaney, O Sullivan, Portalatin and Rhea and Mses. DeMaio and Halliday) In 2025, none of these commercial or charitable relationships with affiliated entities involved amounts paid or received by State Street exceeding the greater of $1 million or 1% of the affiliated entity s annual gross revenue. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street Standards of Conduct We have a Standard of Conduct for Directors, which together with the Standard of Conduct for Employees, promotes ethical conduct and the avoidance of conflicts of interest in conducting our business. We also have a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers (including the CEO), as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and SEC rules. Each of these documents is approved annually by the Board and is available under the Corporate Governance section in the Investors portion of our website at www.statestreet.com . Only our Board may grant a waiver for directors, senior financial officers or executive officers from a provision of the Standard of Conduct for Directors, the Standard of Conduct for Employees or the Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers, and any waivers will be posted under the Corporate Governance section in the Investors portion of our website at www.statestreet.com . Board Composition The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, with input from the Board, is responsible for nominating directors for election each year and evaluating the need for new director candidates as appropriate. This assessment includes an evaluation of each director nominee s skills, attributes and experience in the context of the needs of the Board. Further, the Board considers director independence, attendance and contributions, and the diverse perspective and background of each director. Director Nominee Characteristics and Qualifications The Board expects all director nominees to possess the following attributes or characteristics: unquestionable business ethics, irrefutable reputation and superior moral and ethical standards informed and independent judgment with a balanced perspective, financial literacy, mature confidence, high performance standards and incisiveness ability and commitment to attend Board and committee meetings and to invest sufficient time and energy in monitoring management s conduct of the business and compliance with State Street s operating and administrative procedures a global vision of business with the ability and willingness to work closely with the other Board members Taken as a whole, the Board expects one or more of its members to have the following skill sets, specific business background and global or international experience: experience in the financial services industry experience as a senior officer of a well-respected public company experience as a senior business leader of an organization active in our key international markets experience in key disciplines of significant importance to State Street s overall operations qualification as an audit committee financial expert qualification as a risk management expert State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street Board, Committee and Director Self-Assessment As part of the annual evaluation of the Board s composition, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee facilitates an assessment of the performance and effectiveness of the Board and each principal standing committee. This evaluation also includes an annual assessment of each director s performance and contributions to the overall effectiveness of the Board and its committees. Board Function, Productivity and Effectiveness Committee Productivity and Effectiveness Director Nominee Process, Succession Planning and Refreshment Director Development The purpose of the Board and committee assessment is multi-faceted with the primary goal to evaluate the effectiveness, function, strength and productivity of the Board and its committees, and also to highlight potential areas for change and improvement. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also leverages this process to guide Board refreshment, committee composition and Board/committee leadership succession planning efforts, as well as to evaluate whether the key skills and qualifications of members of the Board are aligned with State Street s strategy and to determine the nominees to stand for annual shareholder election. In 2025, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee managed the annual Board and committee evaluation process leveraging the insights gained from the prior year s assessment. In doing so, the Committee continued to evaluate and monitor the themes identified in the previous year, with a focus on tracking progress and reinforcing areas of ongoing importance. The Committee believes that engaging a third-party advisory firm from time to time can enhance the self-assessment process and facilitate the collection of valuable insight and feedback from directors and anticipates engaging a third-party advisory firm generally every three to five years. This self-assessment procedure is illustrated below. Board, Committee and Director Self-Assessment Process Self-Assessment Design The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, independent Lead Director and management discuss the objectives of the self-assessment process and the prior-year reports and feedback to determine the scope, process and goals for this year s Board and committee self-assessment Completion of Questionnaires Each director completes a questionnaire evaluating the performance of the Board and the committee(s) on which the director serves, focusing on leadership, scope of responsibilities, quality of interactions with management and areas of potential improvement Committee Evaluation Each principal standing committee conducts an annual evaluation of its processes, responsibilities and effectiveness. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee then assesses whether each of the committees had a functioning self-evaluation process and reports its findings to the Board Executive Session Discussions The Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee presents the self-assessment report in an executive session of the Board, including key observations, themes and progress as compared to the prior year and recommends action plans as necessary. For 2025, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee found each committee had a functioning and effective self-evaluation process State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street Assessment Themes, Director Development and Outcomes As part of the Board and committee self-assessment process, the Board discusses any identified themes and overall findings, including the strengths and areas of potential improvement of the Board and its various committees, addressing areas that could benefit from enhancement. Then, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers further enhancements, informed by the director feedback. For the 2025-2026 year, areas addressed included expanding focus on topics aligned with State Street s strategy and providing enhanced education on designated topics. To promote continued director development, the Lead Director annually meets with each director to provide individual feedback and insights on strengths and development opportunities specific to the director. The Lead Director also uses this opportunity to solicit individualized feedback from each director about the effectiveness of the Board and its committees, which is then integrated as a component of the Board s annual assessment process. Director Nomination Process and Candidate Identification and Selection In connection with its annual Board and committee assessment, the Board reviews its composition and size to evaluate its overall effectiveness and alignment with Company strategy. As part of this review, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, in conjunction with the Board, establishes the desired criteria, skills and areas of expertise needed to continue to support the Board in advancing State Street s businesses and strategy. Once a director candidate is elected to serve on the Board, the director participates in a robust orientation program with presentations by senior management to familiarize the director with the Company s strategic plans, significant financial, accounting and risk management characteristics, compliance programs, governance and the Standards of Conduct, key Company leaders, and internal and independent auditors. The Company also encourages director continuing education and offers internal training and external education opportunities to all directors. Mr. Porter is a new director and first-time nominee, elected by the Board in September 2025. He was first identified by a third-party search firm that was retained to identify potential director candidates. At the request of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the search firm first discussed with the members of the Committee the priority characteristics, skills and experience of a new director candidate, in light of the preferred individual and Board qualities discussed above. The search firm provided the Committee with a pool of director candidates who were interested in State Street and who met the selection criteria. The Chairman of the Board, independent Lead Director, Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and select other directors conducted interviews. The Board recognized Mr. Porter s deep international banking and institutional client expertise, among other qualities, to enhance the overall effectiveness and composition of the Board. Mr. Porter is deemed independent by the Board under the Corporate Governance Guidelines. Ms. Gordon is also a new director and first-time nominee, elected by the Board in March 2026. Ms. Gordon was identified by the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee as a potential director candidate who possessed the priority characteristics, skills and experience of a new director candidate. Following outreach by the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, who contacted Ms. Gordon to gauge her interest in Board service and as part of the Company s evaluation process, the Chairman of the Board, members of the Nominating and Governance Committee, and a member of executive management conducted interviews. In addition, the Company engaged an independent third-party search firm, to assist in the assessment process. Following these discussions and evaluations, the Board recognized Ms. Gordon s technology, geopolitical and strategic expertise, among other qualities, as skills that would strengthen the Board s overall mix of qualifications and enhance its effectiveness. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street Illustrated below is an overview of the process used to identify the desired attributes and to select new candidates for the Board. 01 02 03 Board and Committee determine desired criteria and experience of director candidate(s) Director candidates identified by search firm, Board members, employees or shareholders Committee evaluates the individual qualifications of candidates of interest against the selection criteria All candidates evaluated for conflicts of interest and independence 04 05 06 Chair of the Committee and the independent Lead Director conduct interviews and gather information; other Board members may also meet with candidate(s) Committee discusses each director candidate, evaluates potential contributions to the Board as a whole and recommends candidate(s) to the Board The Board votes to elect director candidate(s) based on an assessment of their qualifications and potential contributions to the Board Director orientation program conducted The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee seeks to identify individuals qualified to become directors, consistent with the identified criteria. In carrying out its responsibility to identify the best-qualified candidates for directors, the Committee will consider proposals for nominees from a number of sources, including recommendations from shareholders submitted upon written notice to: Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee c/o the Office of the Secretary of State Street Corporation, One Congress Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02114 By following the procedures set forth under General Information About the Annual Meeting Proposals and Nominations by Shareholders, shareholders also have the right under our by-laws to directly nominate director candidates and, in certain circumstances, to have their nominees included in State Street s proxy statement. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 8 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street Director Nominee Qualifications and Skills We believe that our Board should have a variety of qualifications, skill sets and experiences that, when taken as a whole, best serve the Company and our shareholders. Diverse perspectives on our Board support our success, and we strive to have a Board that provides diversity of thought and a broad range of perspectives. In an effort to achieve these objectives, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board consider a wide range of attributes when determining and assessing director nominees and new candidates in the context and needs of the Board, including personal and professional backgrounds, independence and tenure of Board service. The Committee does not assign specific weight to the various factors it considers and no particular criterion is a prerequisite for nomination. As summarized below, each of our director nominees brings to the Board a variety of qualifications and skills and, collectively, these qualifications form a depth of broad, global and diverse experiences that help the Board effectively oversee our activities and operations. The Board believes that the nominees as a group possess the skill sets and specific business backgrounds that the Board desires and that each of the director nominees has substantial achievement in their personal and professional pursuits and has talents, experience, judgment and integrity that will contribute to the best interests of State Street and to long-term shareholder value. The below data presents elements of our Board composition, reflecting the 13 director nominees. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street Director Nominee Qualifications and Demographics State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight Board Governance State Street s leadership structure includes an independent Lead Director of the Board. Sara Mathew has served in this position since May 2025. As Chairman, Mr. O Hanley presides at all meetings of the Board he attends and works with the independent Lead Director to establish the agendas for all of its meetings and the matters on which the Board will vote. Role of the Independent Lead Director Appointed annually by the independent directors to serve a one-year term Expected to participate in, and attend, meetings of all Board committees, providing valuable committee overlap to enable optimal agenda coordination, insight and consistency across all committees and helping to strengthen risk oversight Presides at meetings of the Board during which the Chairman is not present, and at executive sessions of independent directors held at every regularly-scheduled Board meeting Serves as a liaison between the Chairman and the independent directors Authorized to call additional meetings of the independent directors Meets regularly and communicates frequently with the Chairman to provide feedback and implement the decisions and recommendations of the independent directors Conducts an annual process for reviewing the Chief Executive Officer s performance and reports the results of the process to the other independent directors Meets annually with each independent director to provide feedback, areas of strength and development opportunities Meets at least annually with such members of the senior leadership team as the Lead Director determines from time to time Represents the Board in discussions with stakeholders and communicates with regulators Approves, in consultation with the Chairman, the agendas for Board meetings and the matters to be voted on by the full Board Board Leadership Review Process The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee coordinates the annual independent Lead Director nomination and election process. The process incorporates thoughtful succession planning, as reflected in the election of Ms. Mathew in May 2025. In addition, the Board reviews its leadership structure at least annually to assess and determine whether it remains appropriate. The Board values the flexibility to review and determine the appropriate leadership structure based on State Street s opportunities and circumstances at any given time. After the independent directors 2025 review and assessment, the Board continues to believe that Mr. O Hanley s role as Chairman together with a strong independent Lead Director, consistent with Ms. Mathew s execution of the role continues to be the most effective leadership structure for State Street and in the best interests of the Board, State Street and its shareholders at this time. Among the factors considered by the Board in determining that the current leadership structure remains the most appropriate are: as our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. O Hanley has extensive knowledge of our business and strategy and is well-positioned to work with the independent Lead Director to focus our Board s agenda on the key issues facing State Street oversight of State Street is the responsibility of our Board as a whole, which maintains a super-majority of independent directors (12 out of 13 director nominees), and this responsibility can be properly discharged with a strong, active and engaged independent Lead Director the Chairman and independent Lead Director work together to play a strong and active role in the oversight of State Street s business strategy and operational management State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street Board Risk Oversight In the normal course of our business activities, State Street is exposed to a variety of risks, some of which are inherent in the financial services industry and others are more specific to our business activities. The identification, assessment, monitoring, control and reporting of risks are essential to our financial performance and successful management of our businesses. State Street's risk management approach, including Board and senior management oversight, is suppported by a comprehensive system of policies and procedures, limits and risk measurement metrics, risk monitoring processes, and internal controls. This approach enables a structured assessment of risks within a framework that evaluates opportunities for the prudent use of capital that appropriately balances risk and return. To support this objective, State Street has instituted a risk appetite framework that aligns the business strategy and financial objectives with the level of risk that State Street is willing to experience. The framework is established by Enterprise Risk Management (ERM), the separate risk management function, and overseen by the Enterprise Risk Committee and by Board committees. ERM is responsible for overseeing State Street s risk-taking activities and assessing risks and issues separate from the business lines and other corporate functions. The ERM function promotes the importance of senior management and business line managers in identifying and assessing risks critically rather than relying only on surveillance conducted by the risk management function. The Board committees that assist the Board in discharging the Board s responsibilities with respect to risk management, including their respective areas of risk oversight, among other things, are shown below. State Street, as a large bank holding company, is required by regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to have a Risk Committee. The Risk Committee is responsible for oversight related to the operation of our global risk management framework, including policies and procedures establishing risk management governance and processes and risk control infrastructure. It is responsible for reviewing and discussing with management our assessment and management of all risks applicable to our operations, including among other matters, credit, market, interest rate, liquidity, operational, technology, compliance and strategic risks, and related policies. The Risk Committee also receives quarterly updates from other Board committees regarding risk-related matters reviewed by those Board committees. The structure of the Risk Committee assists the Board in administering its oversight of risk management throughout our Company. The Risk Committee includes at least one member who has experience in identifying, assessing and managing risk exposures of a large, complex financial firm, and all members of the Risk Committee have an understanding of risk management principles and practices relevant to the Company. In addition, the Lead Director participates in meetings of the Risk Committee and the Chairman of the Board and CEO is a current member of the Risk Committee. For more details regarding the Risk Committee and our other Board committees, refer to Committees of the Board of Directors. The Chief Risk Officer (CRO) is responsible for our risk management globally, leads ERM and has a dual reporting line to our CEO and the Risk Committee. The Chief Compliance and Operational Risk Officer reports to the CRO. Our risk management is further discussed in Part II, Item 7 of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street Communication with the Board of Directors Shareholders and interested parties who wish to contact the Board or the Lead Director should address correspondence to the Lead Director in care of the Secretary. The Secretary will review and forward correspondence to the Lead Director or the appropriate person or persons for response. Lead Director of State Street Corporation c/o Office of the Secretary One Congress Street Boston, MA 02114 Alternatively, by email: corporatesecretary@statestreet.com In addition, State Street has established a procedure for communicating directly with the Lead Director, by utilizing a third-party independent provider, regarding concerns about State Street or its conduct, including complaints about accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters. An interested party who wishes to contact the Lead Director may use any of the following methods, which are also described on State Street s website at www.statestreet.com : From within the United States or Canada: 1-888-736-9833 (toll-free) ATTN: State Street 5500 Meadows Road, Suite 500 Lake Oswego, OR 97035 USA https://secure.ethicspoint.com/ domain/media/en/gui/55139/ index.html For country-specific phone numbers, please visit www.statestreet.com. The Lead Director may forward to the Examining and Audit Committee, or to another Board committee, group or department, for appropriate review, any concerns the Lead Director receives. The Lead Director periodically reports to the independent directors as a group regarding concerns received. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 14 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street Meetings of the Board of Directors and Annual Meeting of Shareholders During 2025, the Board held seven meetings, and each of the directors attended, either in-person or virtually, at least 75 percent of the total of all meetings of the Board and committees on which the director served during the year. Although State Street does not have a formal policy regarding attendance of directors at the annual meeting of shareholders, the Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that all directors are expected to attend. Each of the 11 directors on the Board at the time of our 2025 annual meeting of shareholders attended the virtual meeting. Committees of the Board of Directors The Board has the following standing committees to assist it in carrying out its responsibilities, and each operates under a written charter, a copy of which is available under the Corporate Governance section in the Investors portion of our website at www.statestreet.com . The charter for each committee, which establishes its roles and responsibilities and governs its procedures, is annually reviewed and approved by the Board. Examining and Audit Committee Current Members: William C. Freda, Chair Marie A. Chandoha DonnaLee A. DeMaio Susan M. Gordon John B. Rhea 9 Meetings in 2025 Primary Responsibilities: Responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention, evaluation and oversight of the work of State Street s independent registered public accounting firm, including sole authority for the establishment of pre-approval policies and procedures for all audit engagements and any non-audit engagements Discusses with the independent auditor critical accounting policies and practices, alternative treatments of financial information, the effect of regulatory and accounting initiatives and other relevant matters Oversees the operation of our system of internal control covering the integrity of our consolidated financial statements and reports; compliance with laws, regulations and corporate policies; and the performance of corporate audit Reviews the effectiveness of State Street s compliance program Conducts an annual performance evaluation of the General Auditor and reviews the performance of the Chief Compliance Officer and other senior members of management as appropriate Oversees the Company s efforts to promote and advance a culture of compliance and ethical business practices, including annual review of the Standard of Conduct for Employees Oversees the compliance, culture and reporting components of State Street s sustainability related obligations, initiatives and activities All members meet the independence requirements of the listing standards of the NYSE and of applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. All members are financially literate and, with the exception of Susan M. Gordon, are considered audit committee financial experts (as defined by SEC rules). State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street Executive Committee Current Members: Ronald P. O Hanley, Chair Marie A Chandoha William C. Freda Sara Mathew William L. Meaney Sean P. O Sullivan John B. Rhea 3 Meetings in 2025 Primary Responsibilities: Committee members are the Chairs of each Committee, the independent Lead Director and Chairman of the Board Authorized to exercise all the powers of the Board, except as otherwise limited by Massachusetts law or the Committee s charter, including review and approval of significant strategic transactions and initiatives, including mergers, acquisitions, investments and similar transactions Reviews, approves and acts on matters on behalf of the Board at times when it is not practical to convene a meeting of the Board to address such matters Periodically reports to the Board depending on meeting activities, if any Human Resources Committee Current Members: John B. Rhea, Chair Amelia C. Fawcett Sara Mathew William L. Meaney Julio A. Portalatin Brian J. Porter 7 Meetings in 2025 Primary Responsibilities: Oversees human capital management strategies, the operation of all compensation plans, policies and programs in which executive officers participate and certain other incentive, retirement, health and welfare and equity plans in which employees participate Oversees the alignment of our incentive compensation arrangements with the safety and soundness of State Street, including the integration of risk management objectives and related policies, arrangements and control processes, consistent with applicable regulatory rules and guidance Acting together with the other independent directors, annually reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives relevant to the CEO s compensation; evaluates the CEO s performance; and reviews, determines and approves, in consultation with the other independent directors, the CEO s compensation Reviews, evaluates and approves the total compensation of all executive officers Reviews talent development and succession plans for executive officers (except for the CEO) Approves the terms and conditions of employment and any associated changes, including any restrictive provisions, severance arrangements and special arrangements or benefits, of any executive officer Adopts equity award guidelines in connection with its overall responsibility for all equity plans and monitors stock ownership of executive officers who are members of the management Executive Committee Appoints and oversees compensation consultants and other advisors retained by the Committee Oversees the human capital management components of State Street s sustainability related obligations, initiatives and activities All members meet the independence requirements of the listing standards of the NYSE. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 16 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Current Members: William L. Meaney, Chair Amelia C. Fawcett William C. Freda Sara Mathew 5 Meetings in 2025 Primary Responsibilities: Assists the Board with respect to issues and policies affecting our governance practices, including succession planning for the CEO, identifying and recommending director nominees and shareholder matters Recommends each committee s composition, leads the Board in its annual review of the Board s and each committee s performance and coordinates the annual independent Lead Director nomination and election process Reviews and approves State Street s related-person transactions, reviews the amount and form of director compensation and reviews reports on regulatory, political and lobbying activities of State Street Oversees the corporate governance components of State Street s sustainability related obligations, initiatives and activities All members meet the independence requirements of the listing standards of the NYSE. Risk Committee Current Members: Marie A. Chandoha, Chair William C. Freda Patricia M. Halliday Ronald P. O Hanley Sean P. O Sullivan Julio A. Portalatin Brian J. Porter 7 Meetings in 2025 Primary Responsibilities: Oversees the operation of our global risk management framework, including the risk management policies for our operations Reviews the management of all risk applicable to our operations, including credit, market, interest rate, liquidity, operational, technology, business, compliance and reputation risks Oversees our strategic capital governance principles and controls, monitors capital adequacy in relation to risk and discharges the duties and obligations of the Board under applicable Basel, Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review, Comprehensive Liquidity Assessment and Review and resolution and recovery planning requirements Conducts an annual performance evaluation of the Chief Risk Officer Oversees the risk management components, including climate risk, of State Street s sustainability related obligations, initiatives and activities State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street Technology and Operations Committee Current Members: Sean P. O Sullivan, Chair Marie A. Chandoha DonnaLee A. DeMaio Susan M. Gordon Patricia M. Halliday 6 Meetings in 2025 Primary Responsibilities: Oversees technology and operational risk management and the role of these risks in executing the Company s strategy in support of State Street s global business objectives Reviews the planning and execution related to the enterprise-wide technology and operations strategy Oversees material enterprise-wide strategic initiatives from a technology and operational risk perspective Reviews technology related risks, including corporate information security, cybersecurity, operational and technology resiliency and data management Oversees the technology and operational risk components of State Street s sustainability related obligations, initiatives and activities Non-Management Director Compensation General The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee annually reviews, and recommends to the Board, the form and amount of non-management director compensation. In conducting its review, the Committee used the Compensation Peer Group that is used by the Human Resources Committee for executive compensation generally and, like the Human Resources Committee, used the services of Meridian Compensation Partners for 2025. Information on State Street s Compensation Peer Group and compensation consultant is described under the heading Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis Other Elements of Our Compensation-Setting Process. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee did not treat Compensation Peer Group data as definitive when determining non-management director compensation. Rather, it referenced this peer group compensation, as well as trends in director compensation generally and within the financial services/ banking industry, and formed its own perspective on compensation for our non-management directors. In May 2025, the Committee made its recommendation to the Board, which, following the May 2025 annual meeting of shareholders, approved compensation for all non-management directors effective through the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. Mr. O Hanley, as an employee director, does not receive any additional compensation for his services as a director. Compensation Following the Committee s review of market practice, and recognizing the decision to implement a holding requirement under our Director Stock Ownership Guidelines described below, State Street modified its non-management director compensation for the 2025 2026 Board year (the period between the 2025 and 2026 annual meetings of shareholders) as follows: Annual retainer for each director increased from $100,000 to $110,000 Annual equity award for each director increased from $195,000 to $235,000 Examining and Audit Committee Chair and Risk Committee Chair retainers increased from $40,000 to $45,000 Human Resources Committee Chair and Technology and Operations Committee Chair retainers increased from $35,000 to $45,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Chair retainer increased from $25,000 to $30,000 All Committee member retainers eliminated For the 2025 2026 Board year, non-management directors received the following compensation: State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 18 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street Compensation Component (1) Value ($) (2) Vehicle (3) Annual Retainer $110,000 Cash or shares of State Street common stock Annual Equity Award 235,000 Shares of State Street common stock Additional Independent Lead Director Retainer 130,000 Cash or shares of State Street common stock Examining and Audit Committee and Risk Committee Chair Retainers 45,000 Cash or shares of State Street common stock Human Resources Committee and Technology and Operations Committee Chair Retainers 45,000 Cash or shares of State Street common stock Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Chair Retainer 30,000 Cash or shares of State Street common stock (1) Each non-management director also earns $1,500 per meeting after the tenth Board meeting attended during the Board year. Non-management directors are also reimbursed for expenses incurred as a result of Board service. (2) The annual retainer and annual equity award are pro-rated for any non-management director joining the Board after the annual meeting of shareholders. Committee chair retainers are pro-rated for any non-management director becoming a committee chair during the Board year. (3) Non-management directors may elect to receive their retainers in cash or shares of State Street common stock. For non-management directors elected at the annual meeting, all awards made in shares of State Street common stock are granted based on the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on the date of the annual meeting that begins the period, rounded up to the nearest whole share. Under the Amended and Restated 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, with limited exceptions, the total value of all compensation components to a non-management director cannot exceed $1.5 million in a calendar year. Pursuant to State Street s Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, non-management directors may elect to defer the receipt of 0% or 100% of their (1) retainers, (2) annual equity award and/or (3) meeting fees. Non-management directors who elect to defer the cash payment of their retainers or meeting fees may choose from four notional investment fund returns for such deferred cash. Deferrals of common stock are adjusted to reflect the hypothetical reinvestment in additional shares of common stock for any dividends or other distributions on State Street common stock during the deferral period. Deferred amounts will be paid at the termination of Board service as either a lump sum or in installments over a two- to five-year period, as elected by the non-management director. Director Stock Ownership Guidelines Under our stock ownership guidelines, all non-management directors are required to maintain a target level of stock ownership equal to eight times the annual retainer of $110,000 for a total of $880,000 and are expected to attain the ownership level ratably within five years after initial election to the Board. In May 2025, the Committee and the Board updated the holding requirement under these guidelines to require non-management directors to hold all net shares received in connection with service as a director until separation from the Company. For purposes of these stock ownership guidelines, the value of shares owned is based on the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on the date that we use for the beneficial ownership table under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. Non-management directors are credited with all shares they beneficially own for purposes of the beneficial ownership table, including any deferred share awards. Our Securities Trading Policy prohibits directors from engaging in short selling, hedging, options trading, pledging or speculative trading in State Street securities. As of March 25, 2026, Mses. Gordon and Halliday, each of whom is within five years of their initial election to the Board, exceeded the pro-rated expected level of ownership, but had not yet reached the full target ownership level. As of March 25, 2026, each of the other non-management directors exceeded the full target level of ownership under the guidelines. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street 2025 Director Compensation The following table shows our non-management directors 2025 compensation: Name* Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards (1) ($) All Other Compensation (2) ($) Total ($) Marie A. Chandoha $155,000 $235,090 $39,109 $429,199 DonnaLee A. DeMaio 110,000 235,090 40,912 386,002 Patrick de Saint-Aignan (3) 49,152 49,152 Amelia C. Fawcett 110,000 235,090 41,712 386,802 William C. Freda 155,000 235,090 40,912 431,002 Patricia M. Halliday 110,000 235,090 345,090 Sara Mathew 240,000 235,090 475,090 William L. Meaney 140,000 235,090 40,609 415,699 Sean P. O Sullivan 155,000 235,090 390,090 Julio A. Portalatin 110,000 235,090 345,090 Brian J. Porter (4) 73,333 156,744 230,077 John B. Rhea (5) 390,156 40,450 430,606 Gregory L. Summe (3) 21,652 21,652 * Ms. Gordon was elected to the Board of Directors on March 19, 2026 and is therefore not included in the 2025 Director Compensation table. (1) On May 14, 2025, each non-management director then serving as a director received 2,406 shares of State Street common stock valued at $235,090 based on the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE of $97.71. Stock awards to non-management directors vest immediately, and there were no unvested non-management director stock awards as of December 31, 2025. (2) Perquisites received in 2025 include director life insurance coverage, business travel accident insurance and medical benefits abroad while traveling internationally for State Street, paid for by State Street ($912 for Ms. DeMaio and Dame Amelia and Mr. Freda; $609 for Ms. Chandoha and Mr. Meaney; $450 for Mr. Rhea; and $289 for Messrs. de Saint-Aignan and Summe). Charitable contributions by non-management directors are eligible for a Company matching contribution of up to $40,000 per calendar year under the State Street matching gift program. Matching charitable contributions made on behalf of the non-management directors during 2025 were $38,500 for Ms. Chandoha; $40,000 for Ms. DeMaio and Dame Amelia and Messrs. de Saint-Aignan, Freda, Meaney and Rhea; and $12,500 for Mr. Summe. Messrs. de Saint-Aignan s and Summe s perquisites also include retirement gifts ($8,863) for each in recognition of their 16 and 24 years of service as members of the Board, respectively. In addition, Dame Amelia also received a gift ($800) in recognition of her years of service as independent Lead Director upon stepping down from this role effective May 14, 2025. The total amount of perquisites and other personal benefits for Mses. Halliday and Mathew and Messrs. O Sullivan, Portalatin and Porter have not been reported because the total did not exceed $10,000. (3) Messrs. de Saint-Aignan and Summe retired from the Board effective May 14, 2025. The retainers and equity awards for their Board service during 2025 were paid during 2024 and reported in our proxy statement for the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders. (4) Mr. Porter joined the Board in September 2025. For his service between September 2025 and the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders, Mr. Porter received (a) a pro-rated annual retainer of $73,333 in cash, and (b) a pro-rated annual equity award of 1,398 shares of State Street common stock with a total value of $156,744 based on the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on September 15, 2025 of $112.12. (5) Mr. Rhea elected to receive his annual retainer in common stock in lieu of cash. As a result, he received an additional 1,587 shares of State Street common stock with a total value of $155,066 based on the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on May 14, 2025 of $97.71. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 20 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street Related-Person Transactions The Board has adopted a written policy and procedures for the review of any transaction, arrangement or relationship in which State Street is a participant, the amount involved exceeds $120,000 and one of our executive officers, directors or 5% shareholders (or their immediate family members), who we refer to as related persons, has a direct or indirect material interest. A related person proposing to enter into such a transaction, arrangement or relationship must report the proposed related-person transaction to State Street s General Counsel. The policy calls for the proposed related-person transaction to be reviewed and, if deemed appropriate, approved by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. A related-person transaction reviewed under the policy will be considered approved if it is authorized by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (or the Committee Chair) after full disclosure of the related person s interest in the transaction. Such reporting and review should occur prior to the effectiveness or consummation of the transaction. The General Counsel may present a related-person transaction arising in the time period between meetings of the Committee to the Chair of the Committee, who shall review and may approve the related-person transaction. The Chair reports on any related-person transaction reviewed at the next meeting of the Committee. If the General Counsel becomes aware of a related-person transaction that has not been previously reviewed under the policy, the Committee shall review and, in its discretion, may ratify the related-person transaction. Any ongoing related-person transactions are reviewed annually to evaluate whether they should be permitted to continue. Related-Person Transaction Considerations As appropriate for the circumstances, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (or the Committee Chair) will review and consider: the related person s interest in the related-person transaction the approximate dollar value of the amount involved in the related-person transaction the approximate dollar value of the related person s interest in the transaction without regard to any profit or loss whether the transaction was undertaken in the ordinary course of State Street s business whether the transaction with the related person is on terms no less favorable to State Street than terms that could be reached with an unrelated third-party the purpose of the transaction and the potential benefits to State Street any other information regarding the related-person transaction or the related person in the context of the proposed transaction that would be material to investors in light of the circumstances of the particular transaction The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews all relevant information available about the transaction. The Committee may approve the transaction only if the Committee determines that, under all of the circumstances, the transaction is in, or is not inconsistent with, the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, impose such conditions as it deems appropriate on State Street or the related person in connection with approval of the related-person transaction. In addition to the transactions that are excluded by the instructions to the SEC s related-person transaction disclosure rule, the Board has determined that the following transactions do not create a material direct or indirect interest on behalf of related persons and, therefore, are not related-person transactions for purposes of this policy: interests arising solely from the related person s position as an executive officer, employee or consultant of another entity (whether or not the person is also a director of such entity) that is a party to the transaction, where (1) the related person and their immediate family members do not receive any special benefits as a result of the transaction and (2) the annual amount involved in the transaction equals less than the greater of $1 million or 2% of the consolidated gross revenues of the other entity that is a party to the transaction during that entity s last completed fiscal year; or a transaction that involves discretionary charitable contributions from State Street to a tax-exempt organization where a related person is a director, trustee, employee or executive officer, provided the related person and their immediate family members do not receive any special benefits as a result of the transaction, and further provided that, where a related person is an executive officer of the tax-exempt organization, the amount of the discretionary charitable contributions in State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street any completed year in the last 3 fiscal years is not more than the greater of $1 million, or 2% of that organization s consolidated gross revenues in the last completed fiscal year of that organization (in applying this test, State Street s automatic matching of director or employee charitable contributions to a charitable organization will not be included in the amount of State Street s discretionary contributions) Jamie Louise Timby Barron is the daughter of Sarah Timby, State Street s former Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer. Ms. Timby ceased serving as an executive officer on February 20, 2025 and departed State Street on April 30, 2025. Jamie Louise Timby Barron has been employed with State Street since March 2024. In 2025, while Sarah Timby served as an executive officer of State Street, Jamie Louise Timby Barron received total compensation of less than $250,000. Jamie Louise Timby Barron s compensation is determined by her manager and her division s leadership in accordance with standard Company compensation practices applicable to similarly situated employees. After considering the related-person transaction considerations outlined above, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee approved the employment relationship between State Street and Jamie Louise Timby Barron. Based on information provided by the directors and executive officers, no other related-person transactions are required to be reported in this proxy statement under applicable SEC regulations. In addition, neither State Street nor the Bank has extended a personal loan or extension of credit to any of its directors or executive officers. Human Capital State Street s employees are key to our long-term performance. Our employees drive the Company s strategy, innovate better ways to serve our clients and act as custodians of our reputation. We seek to empower our employees by providing development and learning opportunities to help each person reach their full potential. Our Board s Human Resources Committee has oversight of human capital management. A management-level committee, the Enterprise Talent Management Committee, provides leadership and input on all aspects of our global talent-related initiatives that support achievement of our strategic priority to become a higher-performing organization. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 52,000 employees in 32 countries, with approximately 77% of our employees located outside the United States. Our focus on attracting, developing, motivating and retaining employees is a key enabler of our corporate strategy: Attract We believe that an inclusive culture where employees feel valued, engaged and empowered makes State Street a more desirable place to work, helps us attract and retain employees as they grow in their careers, and fosters an environment that enhances each individual s sense of belonging, productivity and professional satisfaction. Our goal is to provide employees with a clear and compelling value proposition that connects them to a motivating purpose and reinforces their impact on business strategy, ensures they understand the value of their contributions, and creates an environment where all employees can thrive and succeed. We encourage integrity and ethical decision making and provide multiple avenues for employees to speak up about behavior inconsistent with our values. We offer comprehensive and flexible benefit programs to meet the changing needs of our employees and their families, including by maintaining physical, emotional and financial wellness programs, providing parental and caregiver support benefits, and offering special paid time off for community involvement. We support equal pay for equal work and apply a global policy to not ask for compensation history for both internal and external hires. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 22 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at State Street Develop We aim to promote strong levels of employee commitment and connection to the Company by providing an environment that supports our employee population in amplifying behaviors that drive our business strategy and improve our organizational effectiveness. We provide monetary and non-monetary recognition for specific behaviors that drive our business strategy and culture, including by recognizing employees who role model our culture traits and who exhibit exemplary risk management performance. Our learning and development efforts align with our strategy, helping employees to learn new and strengthen existing skills that are needed to drive our long-term performance, including new technologies such as artificial intelligence. We offer internship and rotational programs to develop high-performing recent graduates to position them for early career success. We also provide leadership development programs and tailored development opportunities for high-potential employees to build our internal talent pipeline for future leadership roles and we offer a global education assistance program to support employees in fulfilling their career goals. We also impact communities around the world through employee volunteering and financial support, including by partnering with charitable organizations through direct financial support from the State Street Foundation, matching employee donations and encouraging skills-based volunteering to support local non-profit organizations and drive employee engagement. Motivate and Retain We cascade our strategy, vision and goals throughout our organization, align individual performance expectations with those goals, and encourage managers to have frequent performance discussions with their teams. We motivate and reward employees with competitive incentive compensation opportunities and employ a pay-for-performance philosophy by differentiating pay to reward our highest performers. We align employee and shareholder interests by delivering a portion of incentive compensation in deferred equity-based pay to employees with higher pay levels. We also work to retain our top talent, upskilling our workforce and continuously evolving our internal mobility approach to provide employees a wide array of opportunities to build and sustain their careers with State Street. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote FOR each of the nominees for director (Item 1 on your proxy card) Each director elected at the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders will serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders, except as otherwise provided in State Street s by-laws. Of the 13 director nominees, 12 are non-management directors and one serves as the CEO and President of State Street. All of the non-management director nominees are independent, as determined by the Board under the applicable definition in the NYSE listing standards and the State Street Corporate Governance Guidelines. Pursuant to State Street s by-laws, the Board has fixed the number of directors at 13. Unless contrary instructions are given, shares represented by proxies solicited by the Board of Directors will be voted for the election of the 13 director nominees listed below. We have no reason to believe that any nominee will be unavailable for election at the annual meeting. In the event that one or more nominees is unexpectedly unavailable to serve, proxies may be voted for another person nominated as a substitute by the Board, or the Board may reduce the number of directors to be elected at the annual meeting. Information relating to each nominee for election as director is described below, including: age and period of service as a director of State Street business experience during at least the past five years (including directorships at other public companies) community activities other experience, qualifications, key skills and attributes that led the Board to conclude the director should continue to serve as a director of State Street The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders approve each director nominee for election. See Corporate Governance at State Street Board Composition for a further discussion of the Board s process and reasons for nominating these candidates. State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 24 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors Marie A. Chandoha Age: 64 Director Since: 2019 Independent Director Qualifications and Attributes Offers valuable expertise in transforming businesses in the financial services and asset management industries guiding State Street s strategic initiatives Leadership in technological and product innovation, and business transformation Strong governance and risk management experience Key Skills Cyber, Tech Data Operational Transformation Financial Services Risk Management Board Roles and Committees Examining and Audit Executive Risk (Chair) Technology and Operations Education Harvard University (B.A.) Citizenship United States Professional Highlights Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc., the investment management subsidiary of Charles Schwab Corporation, an NYSE-listed brokerage and wealth management firm, President and Chief Executive Officer (2010-2019) BlackRock, Inc., Managing Director, Head, ETF, Index and Model-Based Fixed Income Portfolio Management (2009-2010) Barclays Global Investors, Global Head of Fixed Income Business prior to acquisition by BlackRock, Inc. (2007-2009) Wells Capital Management, Co-Head and Senior Portfolio Manager of the Montgomery Fixed Income Division (1999-2007) Other Experience Zoe Financial, Inc., Advisory Committee member Nature Conservancy, California chapter, Former Chair Investment Company Institute, Former Member Board of Governors and Executive Committee Public Company Directorships Macy s Inc., Director (2022-present) Dynex Capital, Inc., Director (2024-present) State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors DonnaLee A. DeMaio Age: 67 Director Since: 2022 Independent Director Qualifications and Attributes Contributes significant auditing and operational experience in highly regulated entities in the financial services and insurance industries offering State Street a financial oversight perspective Audit, controls and risk management experience Leadership in modernizing technology and significantly transforming organizations Key Skills Finance Accounting Operational Transformation Legal Regulatory Risk Management Board Roles and Committees Examining and Audit Technology and Operations Education Muhlenberg College (B.A.) Citizenship United States Professional Highlights American International Group, Inc. (AIG), General Insurance, an NYSE-listed global finance and insurance company, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Operating Officer (2018-2019), Chief Auditor (2017-2018) and other senior management and subsidiary entity positions (2012-2019) MetLife Bank N.A., President and Chief Executive Officer (2005-2012) and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2002-2005) PricewaterhouseCoopers, National Consulting Partner and other roles (1983-2002) Other Experience Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Public Company Directorships Hiscox Ltd., Director (2021-present) State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 26 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors Amelia C. Fawcett Age: 69 Director Since: 2006 Independent Director Qualifications and Attributes Provides valuable perspective on international financial markets and the dynamic, highly-regulated landscape in which State Street operates Extensive experience in and knowledge of the global financial services industry Significant strategic, operational risk and corporate affairs experience Understanding of complex regulatory and compliance frameworks Key Skills Governance Social Global Business Perspective Financial Services Risk Management Board Roles and Committees Human Resources Nominating and Corporate Governance Education Wellesley College (B.A.) University of Virginia (J.D.) Citizenship United States United Kingdom Professional Highlights Kinnevik AB, a Nasdaq Stockholm-listed long-term oriented investment company, Director and Chairman (2018-2021) Morgan Stanley, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer of European, Middle East and Africa Operations and other senior management positions (1987-2006) Standard Board for Alternative Investments, Chairman (U.K.) (2011-2021) Bermuda Monetary Authority (BMA), Financial Policy Council Member (2016-present) Other Experience Wellcome Trust, Former Governor Royal Botanic Garden, Chair (Kew) International Advisory Panel on Biodiversity Credits, Co-Chair Circular Bioeconomy Alliance, Chair HM Treasury, Former Non-Executive Director Bank of England, Former Member of the Court of Directors The Prince of Wales's Charitable Foundation, Former Chairman Project HOPE UK, Trustee Commander of the Order of the British Empire; Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire; and Commander of the Royal Victorian Order Public Company Directorships Kinnevik AB, Former Director and Chairman (2011-2021) State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors William C. Freda Age: 73 Director Since: 2014 Independent Director Qualifications and Attributes Contributes key insights and perspectives to State Street on risk management, complex audit and accounting matters Strategic insights on international expansion and client relationship management Extensive experience advising audit committees, boards of directors and senior management Key Skills Financial Services Finance Accounting Legal Regulatory Risk Management Board Roles and Committees Examining and Audit (Chair) Executive Nominating and Corporate Governance Risk Education Bentley University (B.S.) Citizenship United States Professional Highlights Deloitte, LLP, Senior Partner and Vice Chairman (2011-2014), Managing Partner of Client Initiative (2007-2011) and Member of the U.S. Executive Committee, with a 40-year career spanning multiple positions (1974-2014) Other Experience Guardian Life Insurance Company, Director Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, Former Director Bentley College, Former Trustee Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Public Company Directorships Hamilton Insurance Group, Former Director (2014-2025) State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 28 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors Susan M. Gordon Age: 67 Director Since: 2026 Independent Director Qualifications and Attributes Deep expertise in cybersecurity, evaluating geopolitical developments and organizational transformation, providing State Street with guidance on operational resilience, technology and data security Extensive experience leading complex organizations through technological and strategic change, with deep insight into global policy, geopolitical risk and infrastructure resilience Leadership in driving innovation across highly regulated environments and managing enterprise-wide risk Key Skills Cyber, Tech Data Strategic Development Operational Transformation Risk Management Board Roles and Committees Examining and Audit Committee Technology and Operations Committee Education Duke University (BS) Citizenship United States Professional Highlights Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence of the United States of America (2017-2019) National Geospatial Intelligence Agency, Deputy Director (2015-2017) Central Intelligence Agency, Senior Advisor to the Director for Cyber and Director of Information Operations (2013-2015) Central Intelligence Agency, Director of Support (2012-2013) Central Intelligence Agency, Deputy Director of Information Operations, Directorate of Operations (2009-2012) Central Intelligence Agency, Director of Special Operations, Directorate of Science Technology (2007-2009) Other Experience Pallas Foundation, President Insight Partners, Advisor Stanford University, Visting Fellow Public Company Directorships CACI International, Director (2020-present) BlackSky Technology, Director (2021-present) State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors Patricia M. Halliday Age: 59 Director Since: 2024 Independent Director Qualifications and Attributes Significant experience assessing and establishing risk management frameworks across investment, corporate and banking organizations, offering State Street strong financial services risk oversight expertise Global perspective and leadership experience in strategic planning, finance and governance Extensive experience engaging with regulatory authorities for complex financial institutions Key Skills Financial Services Governance Social Legal Regulatory Risk Management Board Roles and Committees Risk Technology and Operations Education University of Liverpool (B.A.) Citizenship United Kingdom Ireland Professional Highlights Santander UK PLC and Santander UK Group Holdings PLC, both wholly-owned subsidiaries of Banco Santander S.A., a retail and commercial bank with a global presence based in Spain, Chief Risk Officer (2017-2020) GE Capital International Holdings Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of GE Capital, Chief Risk Officer (2011-2017) Deutsche Bank, Managing Director, Credit Risk - Global Head of Leveraged Structured Finance (2006-2011) Barclays Capital, a business of Barclays PLC, Director, Credit Risk (2000-2006) Other Experience Toronto-Dominion Bank Europe Limited, Director Close Brothers Group PLC, Director Public Company Directorships None State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 30 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors Sara Mathew Age: 70 Director Since: 2018 Independent Lead Director Qualifications and Attributes Provides an innovative and global perspective on State Street s business, finance and technology positioning Considerable finance, technology and corporate strategy experience Leadership in overseeing a diverse grouping of international consumer-focused companies Key Skills Cyber, Tech Data Operational Transformation Finance Accounting Governance Social Board Roles and Committees Lead Director (since 2025) Executive Human Resources Nominating Corporate Governance Education University of Madras, India (B.S.) Xavier University (M.B.A.) Citizenship United States Professional Highlights Dun Bradstreet Corporation, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (2010-2013), President and Chief Operating Officer (2007-2009) and Chief Financial Officer (2001-2007) Procter Gamble, Senior Manager with roles in finance, accounting, investor relations and brand management (1983-2001) Other Experience Star Mountain Capital, LLC, Senior Advisor Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, Former Non-Executive Chair Public Company Directorships Dropbox, Former Director (2021-2025) Carnival Corporation Carnival plc, Former Director (2022-2025) Reckitt Benckiser Group, plc, Former Director (2019-2022) Xos, Inc., Former Director (2021-2022) NextGen Acquisition Corporation, Former Director (2020-2021) State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors William L. Meaney Age: 66 Director Since: 2018 Independent Director Qualifications and Attributes Offers State Street an acute global viewpoint on corporate strategy and business expansion by leading and developing large U.S. and international companies Experience across both established and emerging markets Innovative leader in digital and corporate transformation Key Skills Cyber, Tech Data Operational Transformation Governance Social Global Business Perspective Board Roles and Committees Executive Human Resources Nominating Corporate Governance (Chair) Education Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (B.S.) Carnegie Mellon University (M.B.A.) Citizenship United States Switzerland Ireland Professional Highlights Iron Mountain, Inc., an NYSE-listed information management and data backup and recovery company, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (2013-present) Zuellig Group, Chief Executive Officer (2004-2012) Other Experience President s Council of Massachusetts General Hospital, Member Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Former Trustee Carnegie Mellon University, Former Trustee Public Company Directorships Iron Mountain, Director (2013-present) State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 32 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors Ronald P. O Hanley Age: 69 Director Since: 2019 Executive Director Qualifications and Attributes Provides extensive leadership, executive management and operational experience in asset management and global financial services to navigate and develop State Street s strategic priorities Leadership in data management, client experience and technology enhancement Substantial experience in international business and highly regulated financial institutions Key Skills Financial Services Global Business Perspective Governance Social Strategic Development Board Roles and Committees Chairman of the Board Executive (Chair) Risk Education Syracuse University (B.S.) Harvard University (M.B.A.) Citizenship United States Professional Highlights State Street Corporation, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (2023-present), Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (2020-2023), President and Chief Executive Officer (2019-2020), President and Chief Operating Officer (2017-2019), Vice Chairman (2017) State Street Global Advisors, Chief Executive Officer and President (2015-2017) Fidelity Investment, Inc., President, Asset Management Corporate Services (2010-2014) BNY Mellon Asset Management, Chief Executive Officer and President (2007-2010) and other senior management positions (1997-2007) Other Experience The Ireland Funds, Director Beth Israel Lahey Health, Trustee The Boston Foundation, Former Director Public Company Directorships Unum Group, Director (2015-present) State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors Sean P. O Sullivan Age: 70 Director Since: 2017 Independent Director Qualifications and Attributes Brings vast experience to State Street in managing operational and technology growth and challenges in the financial services industry Extensive understanding of company effectiveness and efficiencies Leadership in business transformation, technology and organizational restructuring Key Skills Financial Services Operational Transformation Cyber, Tech Data Risk Management Board Roles and Committees Executive Risk Technology Operations (Chair) Education Western University (B.A.) Citizenship Canada Ireland United Kingdom Professional Highlights HSBC Holdings, plc., Group Managing Director and Group Chief Operating Officer (2011-2014); Executive Director and Chief Technology and Services Officer, HSBC Bank, plc. (2007-2010), and other senior management positions (1980-2007) Other Experience University of British Columbia, Information Technology Advisory Committee, Member York University Foundation, Former Trustee Public Company Directorships None State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 34 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors Julio A. Portalatin Age: 67 Director Since: 2021 Independent Director Qualifications and Attributes Provides strong international background and experience in the strategic leadership and operation of complex global businesses guiding State Street s global footprint Thought leader on the changing workforce, human capital and diversity Leadership in risk management practices and simplified business solutions Key Skills Cyber, Tech Data Operational Transformation Governance Social Risk Management Board Roles and Committees Human Resources Risk Education Hofstra University (B.S.) Citizenship United States Professional Highlights Marsh McLennan Companies, an NYSE-listed professional services firm, Vice Chair (2019-2020), Mercer Consulting Group, Inc., a business of Marsh McLennan Companies, President and Chief Executive Officer, (2012-2019) American International Group (AIG), President and Chief Executive Officer, Emerging Markets region (2011-2012) Chartis Growth Economies, President and Chief Executive Officer, (2010-2011) AIG Europe, S.A., President and Chief Executive Officer (2008-2010); Worldwide Accident and Health American International Underwriters, President (2003-2008) Other Experience Truist Insurance Holdings, Director ServPro, Director Covenant House International, Director Hofstra University, Director AARP, Former Director Public Company Directorships None State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors Brian J. Porter Age: 68 Director Since: 2025 Independent Director Qualifications and Attributes Offers State Street expertise in international banking, risk management, corporate banking, and capital markets, and in serving institutional clients, providing State Street strong guidance on strategic direction for growth. Global perspective and leadership experience in risk, finance and strategy Extensive experience leading financial institutions through technological transformation Key Skills Financial Services Global Business Perspective Operational Transformation Risk Management Board Roles and Committees Human Resources Risk Education Dalhousie University (B. Com.) Citizenship Canada Professional Highlights The Bank of Nova Scotia, a Canadian multinational banking and financial services company, President and Chief Executive Officer (2013-2023); President (2012-2022); Group Head, International Banking (2010-2012); Group Head, Risk and Treasury (2008-2010); Chief Risk Officer (2005-2008) Other Experience Board of Governors of Huron University College at Western University, Chair Building Ontario Fund, Chair Atlantic Salmon Board, Chair Public Company Directorships Emera, Inc., Director (2024-present) Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd, Director (2023-present) State Street 2026 Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement 36 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors John B. Rhea Age: 60 Director Since: 2021 Independent Director Qualifications and Attributes Brings to State Street extensive experience in corporate finance, capital markets and consulting for large complex organizations on mergers and acquisitions Trusted advisor on strategic planning and transaction financing Insights on real estate and corporate advisory services Key Skills Financial Services Global Business Perspective Governance Social Strategic Development Board Roles and Committees Examining and Audit Executive Human Resources (Chair) Education Wesleyan University (B.A.) Harvard Business School (M.B.A.) Citizenship United States Professional Highlights Centerview Partners LLC, an independent investment banking and advisory firm, Partner (2020-present) RHEAL Capital Management, LLC, a real estate development and investment 