=== STT_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risk Factors In the normal course of our business activities, we are exposed to a variety of risks. The following is a discussion of material risk factors applicable to us. Additional information about our risk management framework is included under Risk Management in Management s Discussion and Analysis in this Form 10-K. Additional risks beyond those described in our Management s Discussion and Analysis or in the following discussion may apply to our activities or operations as currently conducted, or as we may conduct them in the future, or in the markets in which we operate or may in the future operate. Strategic Risks We are subject to intense competition in all aspects of our business, which could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our profitability. The markets in which we operate across all facets of our business are both highly competitive and global. These markets are changing as a result of financial and technological innovation and new and evolving laws and regulations applicable to financial services institutions. For example, the adoption and implementation of evolving and emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence and distributed ledger technology, and related regulatory frameworks, have the potential to disrupt materially the activities of the financial services industry, the operation of financial markets, processes, infrastructure and service providers, including State Street, and the servicing and other requirements of financial services clients, including our clients. Market changes, macroeconomic developments and other factors, whether as a result of financial, technological or regulatory changes or otherwise, cannot always be anticipated, and may adversely affect the demand for, and profitability of, the products and services that we offer, potentially materially. In addition, new market entrants and competitors may address or influence changes in the markets more rapidly than we do, may have materially greater resources to invest in infrastructure, technology and product development than we do, or may provide clients with a more attractive or cost-efficient offering of products and services, adversely affecting our business. All of these effects may occur, regardless of our response to these financial, technological, regulatory or other changes, including our own investment in innovation, product development, business process optimization and regulatory compliance. Our efforts to develop and market new products, particularly in the Fintech sector including through State Street Alpha and broader digital asset-related initiatives or in attractive areas of focus such as wealth servicing and alternative investment management, may position us in new markets with pre-existing or less regulated competitors with strong market position. We have also experienced, and anticipate that we will continue to experience, significant pricing pressure in many of our core businesses, particularly our custodial and investment management services. This pricing pressure has and may continue to impact our revenue growth and operating margins and may limit the positive impact of new client demand and growth in AUC/A or AUM. Many of our businesses compete with other domestic and international banks and financial services companies, such as custody banks, investment advisors, broker/dealers, outsourcing companies, information providers, data analytics and processing companies. Further consolidation within the financial services industry could also pose challenges to us in the markets we serve, including potentially increased downward pricing pressure across our businesses. Some of our competitors, including our competitors in core services, have substantially greater capital resources than we do, are not subject to as stringent capital or other regulatory requirements as we are, or may not be as constrained as we are by these requirements due to the relative size of our balance sheet. In some of our businesses, we are service providers to significant competitors. These competitors are in some instances significant clients, and the retention of these clients involves additional risks, such as the avoidance of actual or perceived conflicts of interest and the maintenance of high levels of service quality and intra-company confidentiality. Our relationships with other businesses, including competitors, necessarily involve the sharing of confidential information, and we cannot be certain, notwithstanding the existence of confidentiality obligations on the part of those other businesses, that our information will not be used to the competitive advantage of others. The ability of a competitor to offer comparable or improved products or services at a lower price would likely negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our profitability. Many of our core services are subject to contracts that have relatively short terms or may be terminated by our client after a short notice period. In addition, pricing pressures as a result of the activities of competitors, client pricing reviews, and rebids, as well as the introduction of new products, may result in a reduction in the prices we can charge for our products and services. We are subject to variability in our assets under custody and/or administration and assets under State Street Corporation | 21 management, and in our financial results, due to the significant size of our relationship with many of our institutional clients, and are also subject to significant pricing pressure due to trends in the market for custodial services and the considerable market influence exerted by those clients. Our clients include institutional investors, such as mutual funds, collective investment funds, UCITS, hedge funds and other investment pools, corporate and public retirement plans, insurance companies, official institutions, foundations, endowments and investment managers. In both our investment servicing and investment management businesses, we endeavor to attract institutional investors controlling large and diverse pools of assets, as those clients typically have the opportunity to benefit from the full range of our expertise and service offerings. Due to the large pools of assets controlled by these clients, the loss or gain of one client, or even a portion of the assets controlled by one client, or a client s decision to in-source certain services that we provide, could have a significant effect on our AUC/A or our AUM, as applicable, in the relevant period. Loss of all or a portion of the servicing of a client s assets can occur for a variety of reasons. Our AUM or AUC/A are also affected by decisions by institutional owners to favor or disfavor certain investment instruments or categories. Similarly, if one or more clients change the asset class in which a significant portion of assets are invested (e.g., by shifting investments from emerging markets to the United States), those changes could have a significant effect on our results of operations in the relevant period, as our fee rates often change based on the type of asset classes we are servicing or managing. As our fee revenue is significantly impacted by our levels of AUC/A and AUM, changes in levels of different asset classes could have a corresponding significant effect on our results of operations in the relevant period. Large institutional clients also, by their nature, are often able to exert considerable market influence, and this, combined with strong competitive forces in the markets for our services, has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant pressure to reduce the fees we charge for our services in both our investment servicing and investment management lines of business. Our historical focus on the segments of the market for investor services represented by very large asset managers and asset owners causes us to be particularly impacted by this industry trend. Many of these large clients are also under competitive and regulatory pressures that are driving them to manage the expenses that they and their investment products incur more aggressively, which in turn exacerbates their pressures on our fees. As a result, the servicing fees we generate from any particular client, or any specific client mandate over time, may be less than the servicing fees we expect as a result of that client or mandate at the time we win that business. Development and completion of new products and services, including State Street Alpha and those related to wealth servicing, alternative investment management or digital assets or incorporating artificial intelligence, may impose costs on us, involve dependencies on third parties and may expose us to increased risks. Our financial performance depends, in part, on our ability to develop and market new and innovative services and to adopt or develop new technologies that differentiate our products, appeal to varied market segments or provide cost efficiencies, while avoiding increased related expenses. This dependency is exacerbated in the current Fintech environment, where financial institutions are investing significantly in evaluating and deploying new technologies, such as artificial intelligence and distributed ledger technology, and developing and marketing potentially industry-changing products, services and standards. Widespread adoption and rapid evolution of emerging technologies, including with respect to digital assets, such as stablecoins, as well as developments in the regulatory landscape relating to emerging technologies, such as the enactment and implementation of the Guiding and Establishing National Innovation for U.S. Stablecoins Act of 2025 (GENIUS Act) and potential enactment of the Digital Asset Market Clarity Act of 2025 (CLARITY Act) or similar market structure legislation or regulation, may affect our clients needs and expectations for products and services. The introduction of new products and services can require significant time and resources, including regulatory approvals and the development and implementation of technical data management, governance, control and model validation requirements and effective security and resiliency elements. New products and services, such as State Street Alpha and those related to wealth servicing, alternative investment management or digital assets or incorporating artificial intelligence, often also involve dependencies on third parties to, among other things, access or support innovative technologies, develop new distribution channels or form collaborative product and service offerings, and can require complex strategic alliances and joint venture relationships. Substantial risks and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, strategic alliances and joint ventures, including rapid technological change in the industry, our ability to access and use technical, data and other information from our clients or other parties, significant and ongoing investments required to bring new products and services to market in a timely manner at competitive prices, sharing of benefits in those relationships, conflicts with existing business partners State Street Corporation | 22 and clients, understanding third party rights, delineating ownership and exit rights, protection of intellectual property and other confidential information, competition for employees with the necessary expertise and experience, and maintaining sales and other materials that fully and accurately describe the product or service and its underlying risks and are compliant with applicable regulations. New products or services may fail to operate or perform as expected and may not be suitable for the intended client or may not produce anticipated efficiencies, savings or benefits for either the client or us. Our failure to manage these risks and uncertainties also exposes us to enhanced risk of operational lapses, regulatory noncompliance and third party claims, which may result in the recognition of financial statement liabilities. Regulatory and internal control requirements, capital requirements, competitive alternatives, vendor relationships and shifting market preferences may also determine if such initiatives can be brought to market in a manner that is timely and attractive to our clients. Failure to successfully manage all of the above risks in the development and implementation of new products or services, including State Street Alpha and those related to wealth servicing, alternative investment management or digital assets, or incorporating artificial intelligence, could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation, consolidated results of operations or financial condition. Acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and divestitures pose risks for our business. We acquire complementary businesses and technologies, enter into strategic alliances and divest portions of our business. These transactions include joint ventures that we may subsequently acquire in full, change our ownership level of or divest entirely. We undertake transactions of varying sizes to, among other reasons, gain advantages of scale, expand our geographic footprint, access new clients, distribution channels, technologies or services, enhance our operating model, expand or enhance our product offerings, develop closer or more collaborative relationships with our business partners, efficiently deploy capital or leverage cost savings or other business or financial opportunities. We may not complete these transactions following announcement or we may not achieve the expected benefits of these transactions, which could result in increased costs, lowered revenues, ineffective deployment of capital, regulatory concerns, exit costs or diminished competitive position or reputation. Transactions of this nature also involve a number of risks and financial, accounting, tax, regulatory, strategic, client relationship, managerial, operational, cybersecurity, cultural and employment challenges, which could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. For example, the businesses that we acquire or our strategic alliances or joint ventures may under-perform relative to the price paid or the resources committed by us; we may not achieve anticipated revenue growth, cost savings or operational improvements or efficiencies; or we may otherwise be adversely affected by acquisition-related charges. The intellectual property of an acquired business may be an important component of the value that we agree to pay for it. However, such acquisitions are subject to the risks that the acquired business may not own the intellectual property that we believe we are acquiring, that the intellectual property is dependent on licenses from third parties, that the acquired business infringes on the intellectual property rights of others, that the technology does not have the acceptance in the marketplace that we anticipated or that the technology requires significant investment to remain competitive. Similarly, such transactions present risks to our ability to retain the acquired clients and talent, which may be essential to achieve our financial and other objectives in the acquisition. The integration of an acquired business information technology infrastructure into ours has in the past and may in the future also expose us to additional cybersecurity and resiliency risks. Further, past acquisitions have resulted in the recognition of goodwill and other significant intangible assets in our consolidated statement of condition. These assets are not eligible for inclusion in regulatory capital under applicable requirements. In addition, we may be required to record impairment in our consolidated statement of income in future periods if we determine that the value of these assets has declined. Divestitures additionally present risks of client dissatisfaction or loss, loss or restricted access to intellectual property and key talent, challenges presented by the post-divestiture operating model, contractual arrangements or responsibility for contingent or other liabilities of the divested business or reduced opportunities due to the effects of non-competition or other restrictive covenants. Through our acquisitions or joint ventures, we may also assume unknown or undisclosed business, operational, tax, regulatory and other liabilities, fail to properly assess known contingent liabilities or assume businesses with internal control deficiencies. While in most of our transactions we seek to mitigate these risks through, among other things, due diligence, indemnification provisions or insurance, these or other risk-mitigating provisions we put in place may not be sufficient to address these liabilities and contingencies and involve credit and execution risks associated with successfully seeking recourse from a third party, such as the seller or an insurance provider. Other major financial services firms have paid significant penalties to resolve government State Street Corporation | 23 investigations into matters conducted in significant part by acquired entities. Various regulatory approvals or consents, formal or informal, are generally required prior to closing of these transactions, which may include approvals, non-objections or regulatory exceptions from the Federal Reserve and other U.S. and non-U.S. regulatory authorities. These regulatory authorities may impose conditions on the completion of the acquisition or require changes to its terms that materially affect the terms of the transaction or our ability to capture some of the opportunities presented by the transaction, or may not approve, or may take substantial time to review, the transaction. Any such conditions, or any associated regulatory delays, could limit the benefits of the transaction. U.S. anti-trust and banking agencies continue to express concerns about the growth of large banking institutions, and competition authorities in many jurisdictions have increased the scrutiny and standards they apply in their review of transactions. Acquisitions or joint ventures we announce may not be completed if we do not receive the required regulatory approvals, if regulatory approvals are significantly delayed or if other closing conditions are not satisfied. As an example, after consideration of both regulatory feedback and potential transaction modifications to address that feedback, we determined in November 2022 to no longer pursue our acquisition of the Brown Brothers Harriman s Investor Services business announced in September 2021. Any failure to complete a transaction presents reputational, counterparty and competitive risks that could affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, potentially materially, and may also challenge our ability to enter into future transactions on terms acceptable to us. The integration and the retention and development of the benefits of our acquisitions result in risks to our business and other uncertainties. In recent years, we have undertaken acquisitions, including our 2025 acquisition of PriceStats, our 2024 acquisition of CF Global, our 2021 acquisition of Mercatus and our 2018 acquisition of CRD. The integration of acquisitions presents risks that differ from the risks associated with our ongoing operations. Integration activities are complicated and time consuming and can involve significant unforeseen costs. We may not be able to effectively assimilate services, technologies, key personnel or businesses of acquired companies into our business or service offerings as anticipated, and we may not achieve related revenue growth or cost savings. We also face the risk of being unable to retain, or cross-sell our products or services to, the clients of acquired companies or joint ventures and the risk of being unable to cross-sell acquired products or services to our existing clients. In particular, some clients, including significant clients, of an acquired business may have the right to transition their business to other providers on short notice for convenience, fiduciary or other reasons and may take the opportunity of the acquisition or market, commercial, relationship, service satisfaction or other developments following the acquisition to terminate, reduce or renegotiate the fees or other terms of our relationship. Any such client losses, reductions or renegotiations likely will reduce the expected benefits of the acquisition, including revenues, cross-selling opportunities and market share, cause impairment of goodwill and other intangibles or result in reputational harm, which effects could be material, and we may not have recourse against the seller of the business or the client. The risk of client loss is even greater where the client is a competitor of ours or has key strategic commercial relationships with our competitors. Acquisitions of Investment Servicing businesses entail information technology systems conversions, which involve operational risks, as well as fiduciary and other risks associated with client retention. Acquisitions of Asset Management businesses similarly involve fiduciary and similar risks associated with client retention, distribution channels and additional servicing opportunities, as well as potential cultural conflicts. Acquisitions of technology firms can involve extensive information technology integration, with associated risk of defects, security breaches and resiliency lapses and product enhancement and development activities, the costs of which can be difficult to estimate, as well as heightened cultural and compliance concerns in integrating an unregulated firm into a bank regulatory environment. Joint ventures involve all of these risks, as well as risks associated with shared control and decision-making (even in majority-owned situations), minority rights and exit rights, which can delay, challenge or foreclose execution on material opportunities or initiatives, create regulatory risks and limit divestment opportunities. With any acquisition, the integration of the operations and resources of the businesses could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of our and the acquired company s ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures or policies that could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, business partners or employees, maintain regulatory compliance or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. Integration efforts may also divert management attention and resources. Competition for qualified members of our workforce is intense, and we may not be able to attract and retain the personnel we need to support our business. State Street Corporation | 24 Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. Competition for labor in most activities in which we engage can be intense, including for both individuals identified as key talent and for other personnel. We may not be able to hire people or retain them, particularly in light of challenges associated with compensation restrictions applicable, or which may become applicable, to banks and some asset managers and that are not applicable to other financial services firms in all jurisdictions or to technology or other firms with which we compete for personnel, generally. This can be particularly constraining when competing for skill sets which are in high demand, such as technology and information security. The unexpected loss of services of personnel in business units, control functions, information technology, operations or other areas could have a material adverse impact on our business and operations because of the loss of skills, knowledge of our markets, operations and clients, years of industry experience and, in some cases, the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. These adverse impacts may be exacerbated by increased costs and expenses driven by the competitive labor market in several jurisdictions in which we operate, particularly with regard to the ability to meet compensation and hybrid working expectations. In addition, the loss of personnel, either individually or as a group, could adversely affect our clients perception of our ability to continue to manage certain types of investment management or servicing mandates to provide other services to them or to maintain a culture of innovation and proficiency. Financial Market Risks Political, geopolitical and economic conditions and developments could adversely affect us, particularly if we face increased uncertainty and unpredictability in managing our businesses. Domestic or international markets can suffer from substantial volatility, illiquidity, or disruption, particularly as a result of political or geopolitical events, high inflation, slowing economic growth, uncertainty associated with changes in U.S. presidential administrations, concerns related to the U.S. trade policy, federal debt ceiling and monetary policy uncertainty across key central banks. If such volatility, illiquidity or disruption were to result in an adverse economic environment in the United States or in international markets or result in a lack of confidence in the financial stability of major developed or emerging markets, such developments could have an adverse effect on our business, as well as the businesses of our clients and our significant counterparties, and could also increase the difficulty and unpredictability of aligning our business strategies, our infrastructure and our operating costs in light of uncertain market and economic conditions. Market disruptions can adversely affect our consolidated results of operations if the value of our AUC/A or AUM decline, while the costs of providing the related services remain constant or increase. They may also result in investor preference trends towards asset classes and markets deemed more secure, such as cash or non-emerging markets, with respect to which our fee rates are often lower. These factors could reduce the profitability of our asset-based fee revenue and could also adversely affect our transaction-based revenue, such as revenues from securities finance and foreign exchange activities, and the volume of transactions that we execute for or with our clients. Further, the degree of volatility in foreign exchange rates can affect our foreign exchange trading revenue. In general, increased currency volatility tends to increase our market risk but also increases our opportunity to generate foreign exchange revenue. Conversely, periods of lower currency volatility tend to decrease our market risk but also decrease our foreign exchange revenue. In addition, as our business grows globally and a significant percentage of our revenue is earned (and of our expenses paid) in currencies other than U.S. dollars, our exposure to foreign currency volatility could affect our levels of consolidated revenue, our consolidated expenses and our consolidated results of operations, as well as the value of our investment in our non-U.S. operations and our non-U.S. investment portfolio holdings. The extent to which changes in the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies affect our consolidated results of operations, including the degree of any offset between increases or decreases to both revenue and expenses, will depend upon the nature and scope of our operations and activities in the relevant jurisdictions during the relevant periods, which may vary from period to period. As our product offerings expand, in part as we seek to take advantage of perceived opportunities arising under various regulatory reforms and resulting market changes, the degree of our exposure to various market and credit risks will evolve, potentially resulting in greater revenue volatility. Our investment securities portfolio, consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the financial markets, governmental action or monetary policy. For example, among other risks, changes in prevailing interest rates or other market conditions have led, and were they to occur in the future could further lead, to decreases in our NII or to portfolio management decisions resulting in reductions in our capital or liquidity ratios. State Street Corporation | 25 Our investment securities portfolio represented approximately 29% of our total assets as of December 31, 2025. The gross interest income associated with our investment portfolio represented approximately 17% of our total gross revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025 and has represented as much as 31% of our total gross revenue in the fiscal years since 2007. As such, our consolidated financial condition and results of operations are materially exposed to the risks associated with our investment portfolio, including changes in interest rates, credit spreads, credit performance (including risk of default), and credit ratings, our access to liquidity and foreign exchange markets and mark-to-market valuations, and our ability to profitably manage changes in repayment rates of principal with respect to our portfolio securities. Uncertain economic and monetary policy environments continue to drive risks for ongoing NII volatility. Managing reinvestment for both higher and lower rate outcomes will continue to be a challenge. Our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations, including our capital ratios and share repurchase program, may differ from or be exacerbated by the effects of changes in interest rates and also may be volatile and difficult to predict, presenting even further challenges. In addition, certain regulatory liquidity standards, such as the LCR, require that we maintain minimum levels of HQLA in our investment portfolio, which generally generate lower rates of return than other investment assets. This has resulted in increased levels of HQLA as a percentage of our investment portfolio and an associated negative impact on our NII and our NIM. As a result, we may not be able to attain our prior historical levels of NII and NIM. For additional information regarding these liquidity requirements, refer to the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and Net Stable Funding Ratio section of Supervision and Regulation in Business in this Form 10-K. We may enter into derivative transactions to hedge or manage our exposure to interest rate risk, as well as other risks, such as foreign exchange risk and credit risk. Derivative instruments that we hold for these or other purposes may not achieve their intended results and could result in unexpected losses or stresses on our liquidity or capital resources. Our investment securities portfolio represents a greater proportion of our consolidated statement of condition, while our loan portfolio represented approximately 13% of our total assets as of December 31, 2025, a smaller percentage relative to many other major financial institutions. In some respects, the accounting and regulatory treatment of our investment securities portfolio may be less favorable to us than a more traditional held-for-investment lending portfolio. For example, under the Basel III rule, after-tax changes in the fair value of AFS investment securities are recognized in AOCI and included in Tier 1 capital. Since loans held for investment are not subject to a fair value accounting framework, changes in the fair value of loans (other than expected credit losses) are not similarly included in the determination of Tier 1 capital under the Basel III rule. Due to this differing treatment, we may experience increased variability in our Tier 1 capital relative to other major financial institutions for which loan-and-lease portfolios represent a larger proportion of their consolidated total assets than ours. Additionally, accounting rules may constrain our ability to sell HTM securities, for example to generate liquidity in times of stress or if we are unable to monetize through repurchase agreements or use of the Federal Reserve s discount window or other federal facilities at which we can pledge securities classified as HTM. Any decision to sell investment securities classified as HTM would likely require us to recognize all HTM securities at fair value, with any difference between amortized cost and fair value recognized in either AOCI (if transferred to AFS classification) or through earnings. Securities classified as AFS that have experienced a reduction in fair value below their amortized cost, reflect our determination, as of the relevant period end, that we did not have the intent to sell, nor was it more likely than not that we will be required to sell, any of those securities. If that determination changes in the future, we could be required to recognize a loss in earnings for the entire difference between fair value and amortized cost of those securities. Potential regulatory changes could also result in a decrease in our ability to include HQLA classified as HTM in our calculation of LCR, which could materially impact the calculation of that ratio. Additional risks associated with our investment portfolio include: Asset class concentration. Our investment portfolio continues to have significant concentrations in several classes of securities, including agency residential MBS, commercial MBS and other ABS, and securities with concentrated exposure to consumers. These classes and types of securities experienced significant liquidity, valuation and credit quality deterioration during the financial crisis that began in mid-2007 (the 2008 financial crisis). We also hold non-U.S. government securities, non-U.S. MBS and ABS with exposures to European countries, whose sovereign-debt markets have experienced increased stress at times since 2011 and may continue to experience stress in the future. For further information, refer to the risk factor titled Political, geopolitical and economic conditions and developments could adversely State Street Corporation | 26 affect us, particularly if we face increased uncertainty and unpredictability in managing our businesses. Further, we hold a portfolio of U.S. state and municipal bonds, the value of which may be affected by the budget deficits that a number of states and municipalities currently face, resulting in risks associated with this portfolio. Effects of market conditions. If market conditions deteriorate, our investment portfolio could experience a decline in market value, whether due to a decline in liquidity or an increase in the yield required by investors to hold such securities, regardless of our credit view of our portfolio holdings. In addition, in general, deterioration in credit quality, or changes in management s expectations regarding repayment timing or in management s investment intent to hold securities to maturity, in each case with respect to our portfolio holdings, could result in recognition of an allowance for expected credit losses or an impairment. Similarly, if a material portion of our investment portfolio were to experience credit deterioration, our capital ratios as calculated pursuant to the Basel III rule could be adversely affected. This risk is greater with portfolios of investment securities that contain credit risk than with holdings of U.S. Treasury securities. Both AFS and HTM securities in our investment portfolio carry liquidity risk if there is lower demand for either the sale or sale under repurchase agreement of these securities. Effects of interest rates. Our investment portfolio is further subject to changes in both U.S. and non-U.S. (primarily in Europe) interest rates, and could be negatively affected by changes in those rates, whether or not expected. This is particularly true in the case of a quicker-than-anticipated decrease in interest rates, which would negatively affect our investment portfolio reinvestment, NII and NIM, or persistently low or negative rates of interest on certain investments. The latter has been the case, for example, with respect to past ECB monetary policy, including negative interest rates in some jurisdictions. The effect on our NII has been exacerbated by the effects in recent fiscal years of the strong U.S. dollar relative to other currencies, particularly the Euro. If European interest rates remain low or decrease and the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to the Euro, the negative effects on our NII likely will continue or increase. The overall level of NII can also be impacted by the size and mix (i.e., interest bearing vs. non-interest bearing) of our deposit base, as further increases in interest rates could lead to reduced deposit levels and also lower overall NII. Further, a reduction in deposit levels could increase the requirements under the regulatory liquidity standards requiring us to invest a greater proportion of our investment portfolio holdings in HQLA that have lower yields than other investable assets. See also, Our business activities expose us to interest rate risk in this section. Our business activities expose us to interest rate risk. In our business activities, we assume interest rate risk by investing short-term deposits received from our clients in our investment portfolio of longer- and intermediate-term assets. Our NII and NIM, and ability to attract deposits from our clients, are affected by among other things, the levels of interest rates in global markets, changes in the relationship between short- and long-term interest rates, the direction and speed of interest rate changes and the asset and liability spreads relative to the currency and geographic mix of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. These factors are influenced, among other things, by a variety of economic and market forces and expectations, including monetary policy and other activities of central banks, such as the Federal Reserve and ECB, that we do not control. Our ability to anticipate changes in these factors or to hedge the related on- and off-balance sheet exposures, and the cost of any such hedging activity, can significantly influence the success of our asset and liability management activities and the resulting level of our NII and NIM. The impact of changes in interest rates and related factors will depend on the relative duration and fixed- or floating-rate nature of our assets and liabilities. Sustained lower interest rates, a flat or inverted yield curve and narrow credit spreads generally have a constraining effect on our NII. In addition, our ability to reduce deposit rates in response to declines in prevailing interest rates and other market and related factors is limited by client relationship considerations. The impact of interest rates on our investment portfolio and consolidated financial results, including AOCI, can also affect our ability to maintain our capital ratios within our target ranges as well as the amount and timing of our future share repurchases. For example, in the first half of 2022 unrealized losses on AFS securities within AOCI, driven by the significant increase in interest rates across the yield curve, contributed to a decrease in CET1 capital. For additional information about the effects on interest rates on our business, refer to the Market Risk Management section, Asset and Liability State Street Corporation | 27 Management Activities in our Management s Discussion and Analysis in this Form 10-K. We assume significant credit risk of counterparties, many of which are major financial institutions. These financial institutions and other counterparties may also have substantial financial dependencies with other financial institutions and sovereign entities. These credit exposures and concentrations could expose us to financial loss. The financial markets are characterized by extensive interdependencies among numerous parties, including banks, central banks, broker/dealers, insurance companies and other financial institutions. These financial institutions also include collective investment funds, such as mutual funds, UCITS, private market funds and hedge funds that share these interdependencies. Many financial institutions, including collective investment funds, also hold, or are exposed to, loans, sovereign debt, fixed-income securities, derivatives, counterparty and other forms of credit risk in amounts that are material to their financial condition. As a result of our own business practices and these interdependencies, we and many of our clients have concentrated counterparty exposure to other financial institutions and collective investment funds, particularly large and complex institutions, sovereign issuers, mutual funds, UCITS, private market funds and hedge funds. Although we have procedures for monitoring both individual and aggregate counterparty risk, significant individual and aggregate counterparty exposure is inherent in our business, as our focus is on servicing large institutional investors . In the normal course of our business, we assume concentrated credit risk at the individual obligor, counterparty or group level. Such concentrations may be material. Our material counterparty exposures change daily, and the counterparties or groups of related counterparties to which our risk exposure is concentrated are also variable during any reported period; our largest exposures tend to be to other financial institutions. Concentration of counterparty exposure presents significant risks to us and to our clients because the failure or perceived weakness of our counterparties (or in some cases of our clients counterparties) has the potential to expose us to risk of financial loss. Changes in market perception of the financial strength of particular financial institutions or sovereign issuers can occur rapidly, are often based on a variety of factors and are difficult to predict. This was observed during the 2008 financial crisis, when economic, market, political and other factors contributed to the perception of many financial institutions and sovereign issuers as being less credit worthy. This led to credit downgrades of numerous large U.S. and non-U.S. financial institutions and several sovereign issuers (which exposure stressed the perceived creditworthiness of financial institutions, many of which invest in, accept collateral in the form of, or value other transactions based on the debt or other securities issued by sovereigns) and substantially reduced value and liquidity in the market for their credit instruments. These or other factors could again contribute to similar consequences or other market risks associated with reduced levels of liquidity. As a result, we may be exposed to increased counterparty risks, either resulting from our role as principal or because of commitments we make in our capacity as agent for some of our clients. Additional areas where we experience exposure to credit risk include: Short-term credit: The degree of client demand for short-term credit tends to increase during periods of market turbulence, which may expose us to further counterparty-related risks. For example, investors in collective investment vehicles for which we act as a custodian may experience significant redemption activity due to adverse market or economic news. Our relationship with our clients and the nature of the settlement process for some types of payments may result in the extension of short-term credit in such circumstances. We also provide committed lines of credit to support such activity. For some types of clients, we provide credit to allow them to leverage their portfolios, which may expose us to potential loss if the client experiences investment losses or other credit difficulties. Industry and country risks: In addition to our exposure to financial institutions, we are from time to time exposed to concentrated credit risk at an industry or country level. This concentration risk also applies to groups of unrelated counterparties that may have similar investment strategies involving one or more particular industries, regions, or other characteristics. These unrelated counterparties may concurrently experience adverse effects to their performance, liquidity or reputation due to events or other factors affecting such investment strategies. Though potentially not material individually (relative to any one such counterparty), our credit exposures to such a group of counterparties could expose us to a single market or political event or a correlated set of events that, in the aggregate, could have a material adverse impact on our business. Subcustodian risks: With the exception of the United States, Canada, Germany and the United Kingdom, we maintain subcustodian State Street Corporation | 28 relationships in all jurisdictions in which our clients invest, including emerging and other underdeveloped markets, and markets subject to sanctions. Our use of unaffiliated subcustodians exposes us to operational, reputational and regulatory risk, as we are dependent upon the subcustodians in performing several of our services to clients in those markets. Operational risk includes risks of the legal and regulatory systems and market practices of the jurisdictions in which the subcustodians operate. Our operating model exposes us to risk of unaffiliated subcustodians to a degree greater than some of our competitors who have banking operations in more jurisdictions than we do. The risks of maintaining custody services in such markets are amplified due to evolving regulatory and sanctions requirements with respect to our financial exposures in the event those subcustodians, or we, are unable to return, transfer or reinvest clients assets. In some regulatory regimes, such as the European Union s UCITS V directive, we are subject to requirements that we be responsible for resulting losses suffered by our clients, and we may agree to similar or more stringent standards with clients that are not subject to such regulations. In addition, to the extent we maintain currencies on our consolidated balance sheet (where the client deposit liability is with State Street and State Street, as principal, maintains cash on deposit with a subcustodian or clearing agency) or are subject to regulatory requirements to return assets placed in custody, we are also subject to the risk of credit exposure to such subcustodians and clearing agencies. Depending upon the currency and jurisdiction of the client, a significant portion of our deposit exposure in non-U.S. currencies is recognized on our consolidated balance sheet. In some jurisdictions, such as Russia, sanctions programs or government intervention inhibit our clients and our ability to access or transfer cash or securities held for clients through subcustodians and clearing agencies. If such client deposit liabilities are on our consolidated balance sheet, we maintain a corresponding amount of cash on deposit with the subcustodian or clearing agency, which increases our credit exposure to that entity and can accumulate over time based upon distributions on, or other activities related to, our clients assets. If the subcustodian or clearing agency were to become insolvent in circumstances not involving expropriation of assets or other circumstances that excuse performance under force majeure or other provisions, the risk of loss on such cash on deposit would be ours rather than the clients. Currently, we hold cash on deposit with our subcustodian and clearing agencies in Russia, which amount is expected to increase materially over time as long as the sanctions and other restrictions remain in effect, and which currently is subject to restrictions on our ability to access such deposits. Our subcustodians are also directly affiliated with or are subsidiaries of large, global financial institutions with whom we have other credit exposures. This credit exposure to these financial institutions or subcustodians can limit the financial relationship we may have with these counterparties and has in the past made, and may in the future make, compliance with specific U.S. regulatory SCCL more challenging. For additional information, see Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K. Settlement risks: We are exposed to settlement risks, particularly in our payments and foreign exchange activities. Those activities may lead to extension of credit and consequent losses in the event of a counterparty breach or an operational error, including the failure to provide credit. Due to our membership in several industry clearing or settlement exchanges, we may be required to guarantee obligations and liabilities, or provide financial support, in the event that other members do not honor their obligations or default. Moreover, not all of our counterparty exposure is secured, and even when our exposure is secured, the realizable value of the collateral may have declined by the time we exercise our rights against that collateral. This risk may be particularly acute if we are required to sell the collateral into an illiquid or temporarily-impaired market or with respect to clients protected by sovereign immunity. We are exposed to risk of short-term credit or overdraft of our clients in connection with the process to facilitate settlement of trades and related foreign exchange activities, particularly when contractual settlement has been agreed with our clients. The occurrence of overdrafts at peak volatility could create significant credit exposure to our clients depending upon the value of such clients collateral at the time. Our settlement-related activities and obligations are also subject to regulatory risk, including the risk of regulators globally accelerating the timeline to settlement, such State Street Corporation | 29 as the SEC s rule to shorten the standard settlement cycle for securities transactions in the United States from trade date plus two business days (T+2) to trade date plus one business day (T+1), which became effective in May 2024. Implementation of similar rules in other jurisdictions presents the risk of non-compliance, as well as careful coordination with and dependencies on other industry participants and additional risks associated with technology development and implementation, change management and operational errors, any of which could be material in light of the magnitude and volume of our settlement-related activities and obligations. Securities lending and repurchase agreement indemnification: On behalf of clients enrolled in our securities lending program, we lend securities to banks, broker/dealers and other institutions. In the event of a failure of the borrower to return such securities, we typically agree to indemnify our clients for the amount by which the fair market value of those securities exceeds the proceeds of the disposition of the collateral posted by the borrower in connection with such transaction. We also lend and borrow securities as principal, and in connection with those transactions receive a security interest in securities held by the borrowers in their securities portfolios and advance cash or securities as collateral to securities lenders. Borrowers are generally required to provide collateral equal to a contractually agreed percentage equal to or in excess of the fair market value of the loaned securities. As the fair market value of the loaned securities or collateral changes, additional collateral is provided by the borrower or a portion of collateral is returned to the borrower. In addition, our agency securities lending clients often purchase securities or other financial instruments from financial counterparties, including broker/dealers, under repurchase arrangements, frequently as a method of reinvesting the cash collateral they receive from lending their securities. Under these arrangements, the counterparty is obligated to repurchase these securities or financial instruments from the client at the same price (plus an agreed rate of return) at some point in the future. The value of the collateral is intended to exceed the counterparty s payment obligation, and collateral is adjusted daily to account for shortfall under, or excess over, the agreed-upon collateralization level. As with the securities lending program, we agree to indemnify our clients from any loss that would arise on a default by the counterparty under these repurchase arrangements if the proceeds from the disposition of the securities or other financial assets held as collateral are less than the amount of the repayment obligation by the client s counterparty. In such instances of counterparty default, for both securities lending and repurchase agreements, we, rather than our client, are exposed to the risks associated with collateral value. Repurchase and resale transactions: We enter into repurchase and resale transactions in eligible securities with sponsored clients and with other FICC members and, pursuant to FICC Government Securities Division rules, submit, novate and net the transactions when specific netting criteria are met. We may sponsor clients to clear their eligible repurchase or resale transactions with FICC, backed by our guarantee to FICC of the prompt and full payment and performance of our sponsored member clients respective obligations. Although we obtain a security interest from our sponsored clients in the collateral that they receive, we are exposed to the associated risks, including insufficiency of the value of collateral. Stable value arrangements: We enter into stable value wrap derivative contracts with unaffiliated stable value funds that allow a stable value fund to provide book value coverage to its participants. During the 2008 financial crisis, the book value of obligations under many of these contracts exceeded the market value of the underlying portfolio holdings. Concerns regarding the portfolio of investments protected by such contracts, or regarding the investment manager overseeing such an investment option, may result in redemption demands from stable value products covered by benefit-responsive contracts at a time when the portfolio s market value is less than its book value, potentially exposing us to risk of loss. Private equity subscription finance credit facilities: We provide credit facilities to private equity funds. The portfolio consists of capital call lines of credit, the repayment of which is dependent on the receipt of capital calls from the underlying limited partner investors in the funds managed by these firms. U.S. municipal obligations remarketing credit facilities: We provide credit facilities in connection with the remarketing of U.S. municipal obligations, potentially exposing us to credit exposure to the municipalities State Street Corporation | 30 issuing such bonds and contingent liquidity risk. Leveraged loans: We invest in leveraged loans, both in the United States and in Europe. We invest in these loans to non-investment grade borrowers through participation in loan syndications in the non-investment grade lending market. Our leveraged loans are primarily rated as sub-investment grade under our internal risk-rating framework, and these loans have significant exposure to credit losses relative to higher-rated loans. We are therefore at a higher risk of default with respect to these investments relative to other of our investments activities. In addition, unlike other financial institutions that may have an active role in managing individual loan compliance, our investment in these loans is generally as a passive investor with limited control. Over time, our allowance for credit losses related to these loans has increased, and may in the future further increase, through additional provisions for credit losses. Commercial real estate: We finance commercial and multi-family properties, which serve as collateral for our loans. Although collateralized, these loans may become under-secured if the value of the collateral was over-estimated or declines. Loan payments are dependent on the successful operation and management of the underlying collateral property to generate sufficient cash flow to repay the loan in a timely fashion. A material decline in real estate markets or economic conditions could negatively impact value or property performance, which could adversely impact timely loan repayment, which may result in increased provision for credit losses on loans, and actual losses, either of which would have an adverse impact on our net income. We have observed these effects in 2025 and 2024, resulting in commercial real estate-related allowance for credit losses of $119 million and $102 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Were conditions, or our evaluation of conditions, in those or other markets to worsen in 2026 or subsequent years, we could experience similar or more significant effects during those periods. Unavailability of netting: We are generally not able to net exposures across counterparties that are affiliated entities and may not be able in all circumstances to net exposures to the same legal entity across multiple products. As a consequence, we may incur a loss in relation to one entity or product even though our exposure to an entity s affiliates or across product types is over-collateralized. In some cases, for example in our securities finance and foreign exchange activities, we are able to enter into netting agreements that allow us to net offsetting exposures and payment obligations against one another. In the event we become unable, due to operational constraints, actions by regulators, changes in accounting principles, law or regulation (or related interpretations) or other factors, to net some or all of our offsetting exposures and payment obligations under those agreements, we would be required to gross up our assets and liabilities on our statement of condition and our calculation of RWA, accordingly. This would result in a potentially adverse impact on our regulatory ratios, including LCR, and present increased credit, liquidity, asset and liability management and operational risks, some of which could be material. Under currently prevailing regulatory restrictions on credit exposure, we are required to limit our exposures to specific issuers or counterparties or groups of counterparties, including financial institutions and sovereign issuers. These credit exposure restrictions have and may further adversely affect certain of our businesses, may require that we expand our credit exposure to a broader range of issuers and counterparties, including issuers and counterparties that represent increased credit risk, may reduce or foreclose our ability to enter into advantageous transactions or ventures with particular counterparties and may require that we modify our operating models or the policies and practices we use to manage our consolidated statement of condition. The effects of these considerations may increase when evaluated under a stressed environment in stress testing, including as part of the DFAST process. In addition, we are an adherent to the International Swaps and Derivatives Association 2015 Universal Resolution Stay Protocol and as such are subject to restrictions against the exercise of rights and remedies against fellow adherents, including other major financial institutions, in the event they or an affiliate of theirs enters into resolution. Although our overall business is subject to these factors, several of our activities are particularly sensitive to them including our currency trading business and our securities finance business. For a discussion of regulatory requirements applicable to our counterparty exposures, see Enhanced Prudential Standards under Supervision and Regulation in Business in this Form 10-K. Given the limited number of strong counterparties in the current market, we are not able State Street Corporation | 31 to mitigate all of our and our clients counterparty credit risk. Fee revenue represents a significant majority of our consolidated revenue and is subject to decline, among other things, in the event of a reduction in, or changes to, the level or type of investment activity by our clients. We rely primarily on fee-based services to derive our revenue. This contrasts with commercial banks that may rely more heavily on interest-based sources of revenue, such as loans. During 2025, total fee revenue represented approximately 79% of our total revenue. Fee revenue generated by our Investment Servicing and Investment Management businesses is augmented by foreign exchange trading services, securities finance, software and processing fees and other fee revenue. The level of these fees is influenced by several factors, including the mix and volume of our AUC/A and our AUM, the value and type of securities positions held (with respect to AUC/A) and the volume of our clients portfolio transactions, and the types of products and services used by our clients. Our fee revenue would be negatively affected, potentially materially, by a decline in the market value of client portfolios resulting from a broad market correction or otherwise, especially in equity markets. In addition, our clients include institutional investors, such as mutual funds, collective investment funds, UCITS, hedge funds and other investment pools, corporate and public retirement plans, insurance companies, foundations, endowments and investment managers. Economic, market or other factors that reduce the level or rates of savings in or with those institutions, either through reductions in financial asset valuations or through changes in investor preferences, could materially reduce our fee revenue and have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. Market influences may also continue to affect client demand for securities finance, and as a result our revenue from, and the profitability of, our securities lending activities in future periods. In addition, the constantly evolving regulatory environment, including revised or proposed capital and liquidity standards, interpretations of those standards, and our own balance sheet management activities, may influence modifications to the way in which we deliver our agency lending or prime services businesses, the volume of our securities lending activity and related revenue and profitability in future periods. Our FX trading revenue is influenced by multiple factors, including: the volume and type of client FX transactions and related spreads; currency volatility reflecting market conditions; and our management of exchange rate, interest rate and other market risks associated with our FX activities. The relative impact of these factors on our total FX trading revenues often differs from period to period. For example, assuming all other factors remain constant, increases or decreases in volumes or bid-offer spreads across product mix tend to result in corresponding changes in client-related FX revenue. If we are unable to effectively manage our capital and liquidity, including by continuously attracting deposits and other short-term funding, our consolidated financial condition, including our regulatory capital ratios, our consolidated results of operations and our business prospects, could be adversely affected. Liquidity management, including on an intra-day basis, is critical to the management of our consolidated statement of condition and to our ability to service our client base. We generally use our liquidity to: meet clients demands for return of their deposits; extend credit to our clients in connection with our investor services businesses; and fund the pool of long- and intermediate-term assets that are included in the investment securities and loan portfolio carried in our consolidated statement of condition. Because the demand for credit by our clients, particularly settlement-related extensions of credit, is difficult to predict and control, and may be at its peak at times of disruption in the securities markets, and because the average maturity of our investment securities and loan portfolios is longer than the contractual maturity of our client deposit base, we need to continuously attract, and are dependent on access to, various sources of short-term funding. Since the 2008 financial crisis, the level of client deposits held by us has tended to increase during times of market disruption; however, since such deposits are considered to be transitory, we have historically deposited so-called excess deposits with U.S. and non-U.S. central banks and in other highly liquid instruments. These levels of excess client deposits, when they manifest, have increased our NII but have adversely affected our NIM. There can be no assurance that client behavior in a market disruption will be similar in the future or that our level of deposit funding will not decrease. In managing our liquidity, our primary source of short-term funding is client deposits, which are predominantly transaction-based deposits by institutional investors. Our ability to continue to attract these deposits, and other short-term funding sources such as certificates of deposit, is subject to variability based on a number of factors, including volume and volatility in global financial markets, the volume of client settlement-related activities, the interest rates that we are prepared to pay for these deposits, the loss or gain of one or more clients, client interest in reducing non-interest-bearing deposits, the perception of safety of these deposits or short-term State Street Corporation | 32 obligations relative to alternative short-term investments available to our clients, including the capital markets, and the classification of certain deposits for regulatory purposes and related discussions we may have from time to time with clients regarding better balancing our clients cash management needs with our economic and regulatory objectives. The Parent Company is a non-operating holding company and generally maintains only limited cash and other liquid resources at any time primarily to meet anticipated near-term obligations. To effectively manage our liquidity, we routinely transfer assets among affiliated entities, subsidiaries and branches. Internal or external factors, such as regulatory requirements and standards, including resolution planning and restrictions on dividend distributions, influence our liquidity management and may limit our ability to effectively transfer liquidity internally which could, among other things, restrict our ability to fund operations, dividends or stock repurchases or pay interest on debt securities or require us to seek external and potentially more costly capital and impact our liquidity position. In addition, while not obligations of ours, the investment products that we manage for third parties may be exposed to liquidity risks. These products may be funded on a short-term basis or the clients participating in these products may have a right to the return of cash or assets on limited notice. These business activities include, among others, securities finance collateral pools, money market and other short-term investment funds and liquidity facilities utilized in connection with municipal bond programs. If clients demand a return of their cash or assets, particularly on limited notice, and these investment pools do not have the liquidity to support those demands, we could be forced to sell investment securities held by these asset pools at unfavorable prices, damaging our reputation as a service provider and potentially exposing us to claims related to our management of the pools. The availability and cost of credit in short-term markets are highly dependent on the markets perception of our liquidity and creditworthiness. Our efforts to monitor and manage our liquidity risk, including on an intra-day basis, may not be successful or sufficient to deal with dramatic or unanticipated changes in the global securities markets or other event-driven reductions in liquidity. As a result of such events, among other things, our cost of funds may increase, thereby reducing our NII, or we may need to dispose of a portion of our investment securities portfolio, which, depending on market conditions, could result in a loss from such sales of investment securities being recorded in our consolidated statement of income. Our return of capital to shareholders through common share repurchases and common stock dividends may be variable and is subject to various business and financial factors and regulatory requirements and approvals of our Board of Directors. Stock purchases under our common share repurchase program may be made using various types of transactions, including open market purchases, accelerated share repurchases or other transactions off the market, and may be made under Rule 10b5-1 trading programs. The timing and amount of any stock purchases and the type of transaction may not be ratable over the duration of the program, may vary from reporting period to reporting period and will depend on several factors, including our capital position and our financial performance, investment opportunities, market conditions, the nature and timing of implementation of revisions to the Basel III framework and the amount of common stock issued as part of employee compensation programs. The common share repurchase program does not have specific price targets and may be suspended at any time. For information regarding our common share repurchases, refer to Market for Registrant s Common Equity included under Item 5, Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities in this Form 10-K. Federal and state banking regulations place certain restrictions on dividends paid by subsidiary banks to the parent holding company. In addition, banking regulators have the authority to prohibit bank holding companies from paying dividends. For information concerning limitations on dividends from our subsidiary banks, refer to Related Stockholder Matters included under Item 5, Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities, and to Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K. Our common stock and preferred stock dividends, including the declaration, timing and amount thereof, are subject to consideration and approval by the Board at the relevant times. We may need to raise additional capital or debt in the future, which may not be available to us or may only be available on unfavorable terms. We may need to raise additional capital or debt in order to maintain our credit ratings, in response to regulatory changes, including capital rules, or for other purposes, including financing acquisitions and joint ventures and optimizing capital management. However, our ability to access the capital markets, if needed, on a timely basis or at all will depend on a number of factors, such as the state of State Street Corporation | 33 the financial markets and securities law requirements and standards. In the event of rising interest rates, disruptions in financial markets, negative perceptions of our business or our financial strength, or other factors that would increase our cost of borrowing, we cannot be sure of our ability to raise additional capital or debt, if needed, on terms acceptable to us. Any diminished ability to raise additional capital or debt, if needed, could adversely affect our business and our ability to implement our business plan, capital plan and strategic goals, including the financing of acquisitions and joint ventures, our efforts to maintain regulatory compliance and optimize our capital management activities. Any downgrades in our credit ratings, or an actual or perceived reduction in our financial strength, could adversely affect our borrowing costs, capital costs and liquidity position and cause reputational harm. Major independent rating agencies publish credit ratings for our debt obligations based on their evaluation of a number of factors, some of which relate to our performance and other corporate developments, including financings, acquisitions and joint ventures, and some of which relate to general industry conditions. For example, between November 2023 and November 2024, Moody s Investors Service advised that its outlooks for State Street Bank s long-term issuer and deposit ratings, and State Street Corporation s senior unsecured ratings, were negative. We anticipate that the rating agencies will continue to review our ratings regularly based on our consolidated results of operations and developments in our businesses, including regulatory considerations such as resolution planning. One or more of the major independent credit rating agencies have in the past downgraded, and may in the future downgrade, our credit ratings, or have negatively revised their outlook for our credit ratings. The current market and regulatory environment and our exposure to financial institutions and other counterparties, including sovereign entities, increase the risk that we may not maintain our current ratings, and we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to maintain our current credit ratings. Downgrades in our credit ratings may adversely affect our borrowing costs, our capital costs and our ability to raise capital and, in turn, our liquidity. A failure to maintain an acceptable credit rating may also preclude us from being competitive in various products. Additionally, our counterparties, as well as our clients, rely on our financial strength and stability and evaluate the risks of doing business with us. If we experience diminished financial strength or stability, actual or perceived, due to the effects of market or regulatory developments, announced or rumored business developments, consolidated results of operations, a decline in our stock price or a downgrade to our credit rating, our counterparties may be less willing to enter into transactions, secured or unsecured, with us, our clients may reduce or place limits on the level of service we provide to them or seek to transfer the business, in whole or in part, to other service providers or our prospective clients may select other service providers. Any, or all of these may have adverse effects on our business and reputation. The risk that we may be perceived as less creditworthy than other market participants is higher in market environments, which may have recently experienced and may experience in the future, in which consolidation, and in some instances failure, of financial institutions, including major global financial institutions, resulted in a smaller number of much larger counterparties and competitors. If our counterparties perceive us to be a less viable counterparty, our ability to enter into financial transactions on terms acceptable to us or our clients, on our or our clients behalf, will be materially compromised. If our clients reduce their deposits with us or select other service providers for all or a portion of the services we provide to them, our revenues will decrease accordingly. Our calculations of credit, market and operational risk exposures, total RWA and capital ratios for regulatory purposes depend on data inputs, formulae, models, correlations and assumptions that are subject to change over time, which changes, in addition to our consolidated financial results, could materially impact our risk exposures, our total RWA and our capital ratios from period to period. To calculate our credit, market and operational risk exposures, our total RWA and our capital ratios for regulatory purposes, the current Basel III rule involves the use of current and historical data, including our own loss data and similar information from other industry participants, market volatility measures, interest rates and spreads, asset valuations, credit exposures and the creditworthiness of our counterparties. These calculations also involve the use of quantitative formulae, statistical models, historical correlations and significant assumptions. We refer to the data, formulae, models, correlations and assumptions, as well as our related internal processes, as our advanced systems. While our advanced systems are generally quantitative in nature, significant components involve the exercise of judgment based on, among other factors, our and the financial services industry s evolving experience. Any of these judgments or other elements of our advanced systems may not, individually or collectively, precisely represent or calculate the scenarios, circumstances, outputs or other results for which they are designed or intended. Collectively, they represent only our estimate of associated risk. State Street Corporation | 34 In addition, our advanced systems are subject to update and periodic revalidation in response to changes in our business activities and our historical experiences, forces and events experienced by the market broadly or by individual financial institutions, changes in regulations and regulatory interpretations and other factors, and are also subject to continuing regulatory review and approval. For example, a significant operational loss experienced by another financial institution, even if we do not experience a related loss, could result in a material change in the output of our advanced systems and a corresponding material change in our risk exposures, our total RWA and our capital ratios compared to prior periods. An operational loss that we experience could also result in a material change in our capital requirements for operational risk under the advanced approaches, depending on the severity of the loss event, its characterization among the seven Basel-defined UOM, and the stability of the distributional approach for a particular UOM. This change in our capital requirements could be without direct correlation to the effects of the loss event or the timing of such effects on our results of operations. Due to the influence of changes in our advanced systems, whether resulting from changes in data inputs, regulation or regulatory supervision or interpretation, specific to us or more general market, or individual financial institution-specific, activities or experiences, or other updates or factors, we expect that our advanced systems and our credit, market and operational risk exposures, our total RWA and our capital ratios calculated under the Basel III rule will change, and may be volatile, over time, and that those latter changes or volatility could be material as calculated and measured from period to period. Compliance and Regulatory Risks Our business and capital-related activities, including our ability to return capital to shareholders and repurchase our capital stock, may be adversely affected by our implementation of regulatory capital and liquidity standards that we must meet or as a result of regulatory capital stress testing. Basel III and Dodd-Frank Act We are required to calculate our risk-based capital ratios under both the Basel III advanced approaches and the Basel III standardized approach, and we are subject to the more stringent of the risk-based capital ratios calculated under the advanced approaches and those calculated under the standardized approach in the assessment of our capital adequacy. Banking regulators could change the Basel III rule or their interpretations as they apply to us, including changes to these standards or interpretations made in regulations implementing provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, which could adversely affect us and our ability to comply with the Basel III rule. On July 27, 2023, the U.S. Agencies issued the 2023 Basel III Endgame Proposal and separately the 2023 G-SIB Surcharge Proposal. The 2023 Basel III Endgame Proposal would, among other things, eliminate the advanced approaches for monitoring risk-based capital adequacy in favor of a new standardized expanded risk-based approach that includes new standardized methodologies for credit risk, operational risk and CVA risk components, and would also replace the existing market risk rule with the new FRTB framework. The 2023 G-SIB Surcharge Proposal would, among other things, measure the G-SIB surcharge in 0.1% increments as opposed to the 0.5% increments that currently apply. Public statements by U.S. banking agency officials indicate that the 2023 Basel III Endgame Proposal and 2023 G-SIB Surcharge Proposal are under reconsideration. While a re proposal is currently expected in March 2026, the timing and content of any potential re-proposal, and the effects on us, remain uncertain at this stage. For additional information on these requirements, including the 2023 Basel III Endgame Proposal and its potential re-proposal, refer to the Regulatory Capital Adequacy and Liquidity Standards section under Supervision and Regulation in Business in this Form 10-K. Along with the Basel III rule, banking regulators also introduced additional requirements, such as the SLR, LCR and NSFR, each of which presents compliance risks. For example, these regulatory requirements could have a material effect on our business activities, including the management and composition of our investment securities portfolio and our ability to extend credit through committed facilities, loans to our clients or our principal securities lending activities as the structure of our balance sheet changes. In addition, further capital and liquidity requirements are being implemented or are under consideration by U.S. and international banking regulators. Any of these rules, or any additional regulatory initiatives introduced under the current administration, could have a material effect on our capital and liquidity planning and related activities, including the management and composition of our investment securities portfolio and our ability to extend committed contingent credit facilities to our clients. The full effects of these rules, and of other regulatory initiatives related to capital or liquidity, on us and State Street Bank are subject to further regulatory guidance, action or rule-making. In implementing various aspects of these capital and liquidity regulations, we are making State Street Corporation | 35 interpretations of the regulatory intent. The Federal Reserve may determine that we are not in compliance with their expectations regarding the capital rules or the liquidity rules and may require us to take actions to come into compliance that could adversely affect our business operations, our regulatory capital structure, our capital ratios or our financial performance, or otherwise restrict our growth plans or strategies. Systemic Importance As a G-SIB, we are generally subject to the most stringent provisions under the Basel III rule. For example, we are subject to the Federal Reserve's rules on the implementation of capital surcharges for U.S. G-SIBs, and on TLAC, LTD and clean holding company requirements for U.S. G-SIBs which we refer to as the TLAC rule . For additional information on these requirements, including the 2023 G-SIB Surcharge Proposal and the eSLR Final Rule, refer to the Regulatory Capital Adequacy and Liquidity Standards section under Supervision and Regulation in Business in this Form 10-K. Not all of our competitors have similarly been designated as systemically important nor are all of them subject to the same degree of regulation as a bank or financial holding company, and therefore some of our competitors are not subject to the same additional capital requirements. Supervisory Stress Testing and Capital Planning We are required by the Federal Reserve to conduct periodic stress testing of our business operations and to develop an annual capital plan and are subject to supervisory stress testing, all as part of the Federal Reserve s stress testing and capital planning processes. The stress testing and capital planning processes, the severity and other characteristics of which may evolve from year-to-year, are used by the Federal Reserve to evaluate our management of capital and the adequacy of our regulatory capital and to determine the SCB that we must maintain above our minimum regulatory capital requirements in order for us to make capital distributions and discretionary bonuses without limitation. The results of the supervisory stress testing process are difficult to predict due to, among other things, the Federal Reserve s use of proprietary stress models that differ from our internal models. The results of the Federal Reserve s supervisory stress tests may result in an increase in our SCB requirement. The amounts of the planned capital actions in our capital plan in any year, including stock repurchases and dividends, may be substantially reduced from the amounts included in prior capital plans. These reductions may reflect changes in one or more different factors, including our business prospects and related capital needs, our capital position, proposed acquisitions or other uses of capital, the models used in our capital planning process, the supervisory models used by the Federal Reserve to stress our balance sheet, the Federal Reserve s hypothetical economic scenarios for the supervisory stress testing process, the Federal Reserve s stress testing instructions and the Federal Reserve s supervisory expectations for the capital planning process. Any of these potential events could require us, as applicable, to revise our stress-testing or capital-management approaches, resubmit our capital plan or postpone, cancel or alter our planned capital actions. In addition, changes in our business strategy, merger or acquisition activity or uses of capital could result in a change in our capital plan and its associated capital actions, and may require us to resubmit our capital plan to the Federal Reserve, which could prompt the Federal Reserve to recalculate our SCB requirement. We are also subject to asset quality reviews and stress testing by the ECB and in the future we may be subject to similar reviews and testing by other regulators. Our implementation of capital and liquidity requirements may not be approved or may be objected to by the Federal Reserve, and the Federal Reserve may impose capital requirements in excess of our expectations or require us to maintain levels of liquidity that are higher than we may expect and which may adversely affect our consolidated revenues. In the event that our implementation of capital and liquidity requirements under regulatory initiatives, or our current capital structure is determined not to conform with current and future capital requirements, our ability to deploy capital in the operation of our business or our ability to distribute capital to shareholders or to repurchase our capital stock may be constrained, and our business may be adversely affected. In addition, we may choose to forgo business opportunities, due to their impact on our capital plan or stress tests, including our SCB requirement. Likewise, in the event that regulators in other jurisdictions in which we have banking subsidiaries determine that our capital or liquidity levels do not conform with current and future regulatory requirements, our ability to deploy capital, our levels of liquidity or our business operations in those jurisdictions may be adversely affected. For additional information about the above matters, refer to Regulatory Capital Adequacy and Liquidity Standards under Supervision and Regulation in Business and Capital under Financial Condition in our Management s Discussion and Analysis in this Form 10-K. We face extensive and changing government regulation and supervision in the U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate, which may increase our costs and expose us to risks related to compliance. State Street Corporation | 36 Most of our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and supervision by multiple regulatory and supervisory bodies, and many of the clients to which we provide services are themselves subject to a broad range of regulatory requirements. These regulations may affect the scope of, and the manner and terms of delivery of, our services. As a financial institution with substantial international operations, we are subject to extensive regulation and supervisory oversight, both inside and outside of the United States. This regulation and supervisory oversight affects, among other things, the scope and nature of our activities and client services, our capital management and deployment, our operational and organizational structures, our ability to fund the operations of our subsidiaries, our lending practices, our common share repurchase actions, our dividend policy, our acquisition activities and strategic relationships, the manner in which we market our services and our interactions with foreign regulatory agencies and officials. In particular, we are registered with the Federal Reserve as a bank holding company pursuant to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. The Bank Holding Company Act generally limits the activities in which we and our non-banking subsidiaries may engage to managing or controlling banks and to activities considered to be closely related to banking. As a bank holding company that has elected to be treated as a financial holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act, we and some of our non-banking subsidiaries may also engage in a broader range of activities considered to be financial in nature. Financial holding company status may be denied if we and our banking subsidiaries do not remain well capitalized and well managed or fail to comply with Community Reinvestment Act obligations. We are unable to predict what, if any, changes to the regulatory environment may be enacted by Congress, both chambers of which have majority control from the same political party, or the presidential administration and what the impact of any such changes will be on our results of operations or financial condition, including increased expenses or changes in the demand for our services or our ability to engage in transactions, to expand our business or operate in non-U.S. jurisdictions, or on the U.S.-domestic or global economies or financial markets. Some of the regulations finalized in the prior presidential administration that are applicable to financial institutions have been modified, rescinded or withdrawn or are subject to revaluation, creating further uncertainty. Moreover, the current presidential administration has made certain changes in the leadership and senior staffs of the federal banking agencies, and may make additional changes in the future. Such changes have impacted and are likely to continue to impact the rulemaking, supervision, examination and enforcement priorities and policies of the agencies. In addition, changes in key personnel at the agencies that regulate such banking organizations, including the federal banking agencies, may result in differing interpretations of existing rules and guidelines and potentially different enforcement priorities than previously. The potential impact of any changes in agency personnel, policies, priorities and interpretations on the financial services sector, including us, cannot be predicted. Although the presidential administration has indicated an intent to pursue the regulation of the financial services industry differently than was the case under the previous administration, there is significant uncertainty regarding the direction this will take, the implementation of new policies and objectives, and the ultimate impact on potential new regulatory initiatives and the enforcement of existing laws and regulations. It is possible the expected changes in regulation do not occur or are reversed by a subsequent administration, or the regulatory measures that are ultimately enacted deliver significant competitive advantages to financial services firms that are structured differently or serve different or other markets than us. Furthermore, fiduciary, anti-competitive, voting power, governance, and other concerns with ESG investment strategies, as well as corporate sustainability and diversity, equity and inclusion practices and programs, continue to be the subject of legislative, regulatory and administrative debate globally, particularly at the federal and state level in the United States, the outcomes of which could impact both our investment management business and the clients that we service, as well as our investment servicing activities more broadly and our corporate activities, practices and programs. Additional attention or publicity associated with our investment management business due to this debate may result in additional scrutiny of, and litigation or regulatory enforcement regarding, those or other of our investment management activities or our corporate, investment servicing or other activities, practices or programs. We expect that our business will remain subject to extensive regulation and supervision. Several other aspects of the regulatory environment in which we operate, and related risks, are discussed below. Additional information is provided under Supervision and Regulation in Business in this Form 10-K. Resolution Planning We are required to periodically submit a plan for rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure commonly referred to as a resolution plan or a living will to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC under Section 165(d) of the Dodd- State Street Corporation | 37 Frank Act. Through resolution planning, we seek, in the event of insolvency, to maintain State Street Bank s role as a key service provider within the financial system, while minimizing risk to the financial system and maximizing value for the benefit of our stakeholders. Significant management attention and resources are devoted in an effort to meet regulatory expectations with respect to resolution planning. In the event of material financial distress or failure, our preferred resolution strategy is the SPOE Strategy. Our resolution plan, including our implementation of the SPOE Strategy with a secured support agreement, may result in significant risks, including that: (1) the SPOE Strategy and the obligations under the related secured support agreement may result in the recapitalization of and/or provision of liquidity to State Street Bank and our other material entities and the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings by the Parent Company at an earlier stage of financial stress than might otherwise occur without such mechanisms in place; (2) as an expected effect of the SPOE Strategy, together 