=== STT_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risk Factors In the normal course of our business activities, we are exposed to a variety of risks. The following is a discussion of material risk factors applicable to us. Additional information about our risk management framework is included under Risk Management in Management s Discussion and Analysis in this Form 10-K. Additional risks beyond those described in our Management s Discussion and Analysis or in the following discussion may apply to our activities or operations as currently conducted, or as we may conduct them in the future, or in the markets in which we operate or may in the future operate. Strategic Risks We are subject to intense competition in all aspects of our business, which could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our profitability. The markets in which we operate across all facets of our business are both highly competitive and global. These markets are changing as a result of financial and technological innovation and new and evolving laws and regulations applicable to financial services institutions. For example, the adoption and implementation of evolving and emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence and distributed ledger technology, and related regulatory frameworks, have the potential to disrupt materially the activities of the financial services industry, the operation of financial markets, processes, infrastructure and service providers, including State Street, and the servicing and other requirements of financial services clients, including our clients. Market changes, macroeconomic developments and other factors, whether as a result of financial, technological or regulatory changes or otherwise, cannot always be anticipated, and may adversely affect the demand for, and profitability of, the products and services that we offer, potentially materially. In addition, new market entrants and competitors may address or influence changes in the markets more rapidly than we do, may have materially greater resources to invest in infrastructure, technology and product development than we do, or may provide clients with a more attractive or cost-efficient offering of products and services, adversely affecting our business. All of these effects may occur, regardless of our response to these financial, technological, regulatory or other changes, including our own investment in innovation, product development, business process optimization and regulatory compliance. Our efforts to develop and market new products, particularly in the Fintech sector including through State Street Alpha and broader digital asset-related initiatives or in attractive areas of focus such as wealth servicing and alternative investment management, may position us in new markets with pre-existing or less regulated competitors with strong market position. We have also experienced, and anticipate that we will continue to experience, significant pricing pressure in many of our core businesses, particularly our custodial and investment management services. This pricing pressure has and may continue to impact our revenue growth and operating margins and may limit the positive impact of new client demand and growth in AUC/A or AUM. Many of our businesses compete with other domestic and international banks and financial services companies, such as custody banks, investment advisors, broker/dealers, outsourcing companies, information providers, data analytics and processing companies. Further consolidation within the financial services industry could also pose challenges to us in the markets we serve, including potentially increased downward pricing pressure across our businesses. Some of our competitors, including our competitors in core services, have substantially greater capital resources than we do, are not subject to as stringent capital or other regulatory requirements as we are, or may not be as constrained as we are by these requirements due to the relative size of our balance sheet. In some of our businesses, we are service providers to significant competitors. These competitors are in some instances significant clients, and the retention of these clients involves additional risks, such as the avoidance of actual or perceived conflicts of interest and the maintenance of high levels of service quality and intra-company confidentiality. Our relationships with other businesses, including competitors, necessarily involve the sharing of confidential information, and we cannot be certain, notwithstanding the existence of confidentiality obligations on the part of those other businesses, that our information will not be used to the competitive advantage of others. The ability of a competitor to offer comparable or improved products or services at a lower price would likely negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our profitability. Many of our core services are subject to contracts that have relatively short terms or may be terminated by our client after a short notice period. In addition, pricing pressures as a result of the activities of competitors, client pricing reviews, and rebids, as well as the introduction of new products, may result in a reduction in the prices we can charge for our products and services. We are subject to variability in our assets under custody and/or administration and assets under State Street Corporation | 21 management, and in our financial results, due to the significant size of our relationship with many of our institutional clients, and are also subject to significant pricing pressure due to trends in the market for custodial services and the considerable market influence exerted by those clients. Our clients include institutional investors, such as mutual funds, collective investment funds, UCITS, hedge funds and other investment pools, corporate and public retirement plans, insurance companies, official institutions, foundations, endowments and investment managers. In both our investment servicing and investment management businesses, we endeavor to attract institutional investors controlling large and diverse pools of assets, as those clients typically have the opportunity to benefit from the full range of our expertise and service offerings. Due to the large pools of assets controlled by these clients, the loss or gain of one client, or even a portion of the assets controlled by one client, or a client s decision to in-source certain services that we provide, could have a significant effect on our AUC/A or our AUM, as applicable, in the relevant period. Loss of all or a portion of the servicing of a client s assets can occur for a variety of reasons. Our AUM or AUC/A are also affected by decisions by institutional owners to favor or disfavor certain investment instruments or categories. Similarly, if one or more clients change the asset class in which a significant portion of assets are invested (e.g., by shifting investments from emerging markets to the United States), those changes could have a significant effect on our results of operations in the relevant period, as our fee rates often change based on the type of asset classes we are servicing or managing. As our fee revenue is significantly impacted by our levels of AUC/A and AUM, changes in levels of different asset classes could have a corresponding significant effect on our results of operations in the relevant period. Large institutional clients also, by their nature, are often able to exert considerable market influence, and this, combined with strong competitive forces in the markets for our services, has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant pressure to reduce the fees we charge for our services in both our investment servicing and investment management lines of business. Our historical focus on the segments of the market for investor services represented by very large asset managers and asset owners causes us to be particularly impacted by this industry trend. Many of these large clients are also under competitive and regulatory pressures that are driving them to manage the expenses that they and their investment products incur more aggressively, which in turn exacerbates their pressures on our fees. As a result, the servicing fees we generate from any particular client, or any specific client mandate over time, may be less than the servicing fees we expect as a result of that client or mandate at the time we win that business. Development and completion of new products and services, including State Street Alpha and those related to wealth servicing, alternative investment management or digital assets or incorporating artificial intelligence, may impose costs on us, involve dependencies on third parties and may expose us to increased risks. Our financial performance depends, in part, on our ability to develop and market new and innovative services and to adopt or develop new technologies that differentiate our products, appeal to varied market segments or provide cost efficiencies, while avoiding increased related expenses. This dependency is exacerbated in the current Fintech environment, where financial institutions are investing significantly in evaluating and deploying new technologies, such as artificial intelligence and distributed ledger technology, and developing and marketing potentially industry-changing products, services and standards. Widespread adoption and rapid evolution of emerging technologies, including with respect to digital assets, such as stablecoins, as well as developments in the regulatory landscape relating to emerging technologies, such as the enactment and implementation of the Guiding and Establishing National Innovation for U.S. Stablecoins Act of 2025 (GENIUS Act) and potential enactment of the Digital Asset Market Clarity Act of 2025 (CLARITY Act) or similar market structure legislation or regulation, may affect our clients needs and expectations for products and services. The introduction of new products and services can require significant time and resources, including regulatory approvals and the development and implementation of technical data management, governance, control and model validation requirements and effective security and resiliency elements. New products and services, such as State Street Alpha and those related to wealth servicing, alternative investment management or digital assets or incorporating artificial intelligence, often also involve dependencies on third parties to, among other things, access or support innovative technologies, develop new distribution channels or form collaborative product and service offerings, and can require complex strategic alliances and joint venture relationships. Substantial risks and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, strategic alliances and joint ventures, including rapid technological change in the industry, our ability to access and use technical, data and other information from our clients or other parties, significant and ongoing investments required to bring new products and services to market in a timely manner at competitive prices, sharing of benefits in those relationships, conflicts with existing business partners State Street Corporation | 22 and clients, understanding third party rights, delineating ownership and exit rights, protection of intellectual property and other confidential information, competition for employees with the necessary expertise and experience, and maintaining sales and other materials that fully and accurately describe the product or service and its underlying risks and are compliant with applicable regulations. New products or services may fail to operate or perform as expected and may not be suitable for the intended client or may not produce anticipated efficiencies, savings or benefits for either the client or us. Our failure to manage these risks and uncertainties also exposes us to enhanced risk of operational lapses, regulatory noncompliance and third party claims, which may result in the recognition of financial statement liabilities. Regulatory and internal control requirements, capital requirements, competitive alternatives, vendor relationships and shifting market preferences may also determine if such initiatives can be brought to market in a manner that is timely and attractive to our clients. Failure to successfully manage all of the above risks in the development and implementation of new products or services, including State Street Alpha and those related to wealth servicing, alternative investment management or digital assets, or incorporating artificial intelligence, could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation, consolidated results of operations or financial condition. Acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and divestitures pose risks for our business. We acquire complementary businesses and technologies, enter into strategic alliances and divest portions of our business. These transactions include joint ventures that we may subsequently acquire in full, change our ownership level of or divest entirely. We undertake transactions of varying sizes to, among other reasons, gain advantages of scale, expand our geographic footprint, access new clients, distribution channels, technologies or services, enhance our operating model, expand or enhance our product offerings, develop closer or more collaborative relationships with our business partners, efficiently deploy capital or leverage cost savings or other business or financial opportunities. We may not complete these transactions following announcement or we may not achieve the expected benefits of these transactions, which could result in increased costs, lowered revenues, ineffective deployment of capital, regulatory concerns, exit costs or diminished competitive position or reputation. Transactions of this nature also involve a number of risks and financial, accounting, tax, regulatory, strategic, client relationship, managerial, operational, cybersecurity, cultural and employment challenges, which could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. For example, the businesses that we acquire or our strategic alliances or joint ventures may under-perform relative to the price paid or the resources committed by us; we may not achieve anticipated revenue growth, cost savings or operational improvements or efficiencies; or we may otherwise be adversely affected by acquisition-related charges. The intellectual property of an acquired business may be an important component of the value that we agree to pay for it. However, such acquisitions are subject to the risks that the acquired business may not own the intellectual property that we believe we are acquiring, that the intellectual property is dependent on licenses from third parties, that the acquired business infringes on the intellectual property rights of others, that the technology does not have the acceptance in the marketplace that we anticipated or that the technology requires significant investment to remain competitive. Similarly, such transactions present risks to our ability to retain the acquired clients and talent, which may be essential to achieve our financial and other objectives in the acquisition. The integration of an acquired business information technology infrastructure into ours has in the past and may in the future also expose us to additional cybersecurity and resiliency risks. Further, past acquisitions have resulted in the recognition of goodwill and other significant intangible assets in our consolidated statement of condition. These assets are not eligible for inclusion in regulatory capital under applicable requirements. In addition, we may be required to record impairment in our consolidated statement of income in future periods if we determine that the value of these assets has declined. Divestitures additionally present risks of client dissatisfaction or loss, loss or restricted access to intellectual property and key talent, challenges presented by the post-divestiture operating model, contractual arrangements or responsibility for contingent or other liabilities of the divested business or reduced opportunities due to the effects of non-competition or other restrictive covenants. Through our acquisitions or joint ventures, we may also assume unknown or undisclosed business, operational, tax, regulatory and other liabilities, fail to properly assess known contingent liabilities or assume businesses with internal control deficiencies. While in most of our transactions we seek to mitigate these risks through, among other things, due diligence, indemnification provisions or insurance, these or other risk-mitigating provisions we put in place may not be sufficient to address these liabilities and contingencies and involve credit and execution risks associated with successfully seeking recourse from a third party, such as the seller or an insurance provider. Other major financial services firms have paid significant penalties to resolve government State Street Corporation | 23 investigations into matters conducted in significant part by acquired entities. Various regulatory approvals or consents, formal or informal, are generally required prior to closing of these transactions, which may include approvals, non-objections or regulatory exceptions from the Federal Reserve and other U.S. and non-U.S. regulatory authorities. These regulatory authorities may impose conditions on the completion of the acquisition or require changes to its terms that materially affect the terms of the transaction or our ability to capture some of the opportunities presented by the transaction, or may not approve, or may take substantial time to review, the transaction. Any such conditions, or any associated regulatory delays, could limit the benefits of the transaction. U.S. anti-trust and banking agencies continue to express concerns about the growth of large banking institutions, and competition authorities in many jurisdictions have increased the scrutiny and standards they apply in their review of transactions. Acquisitions or joint ventures we announce may not be completed if we do not receive the required regulatory approvals, if regulatory approvals are significantly delayed or if other closing conditions are not satisfied. As an example, after consideration of both regulatory feedback and potential transaction modifications to address that feedback, we determined in November 2022 to no longer pursue our acquisition of the Brown Brothers Harriman s Investor Services business announced in September 2021. Any failure to complete a transaction presents reputational, counterparty and competitive risks that could affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, potentially materially, and may also challenge our ability to enter into future transactions on terms acceptable to us. The integration and the retention and development of the benefits of our acquisitions result in risks to our business and other uncertainties. In recent years, we have undertaken acquisitions, including our 2025 acquisition of PriceStats, our 2024 acquisition of CF Global, our 2021 acquisition of Mercatus and our 2018 acquisition of CRD. The integration of acquisitions presents risks that differ from the risks associated with our ongoing operations. Integration activities are complicated and time consuming and can involve significant unforeseen costs. We may not be able to effectively assimilate services, technologies, key personnel or businesses of acquired companies into our business or service offerings as anticipated, and we may not achieve related revenue growth or cost savings. We also face the risk of being unable to retain, or cross-sell our products or services to, the clients of acquired companies or joint ventures and the risk of being unable to cross-sell acquired products or services to our existing clients. In particular, some clients, including significant clients, of an acquired business may have the right to transition their business to other providers on short notice for convenience, fiduciary or other reasons and may take the opportunity of the acquisition or market, commercial, relationship, service satisfaction or other developments following the acquisition to terminate, reduce or renegotiate the fees or other terms of our relationship. Any such client losses, reductions or renegotiations likely will reduce the expected benefits of the acquisition, including revenues, cross-selling opportunities and market share, cause impairment of goodwill and other intangibles or result in reputational harm, which effects could be material, and we may not have recourse against the seller of the business or the client. The risk of client loss is even greater where the client is a competitor of ours or has key strategic commercial relationships with our competitors. Acquisitions of Investment Servicing businesses entail information technology systems conversions, which involve operational risks, as well as fiduciary and other risks associated with client retention. Acquisitions of Asset Management businesses similarly involve fiduciary and similar risks associated with client retention, distribution channels and additional servicing opportunities, as well as potential cultural conflicts. Acquisitions of technology firms can involve extensive information technology integration, with associated risk of defects, security breaches and resiliency lapses and product enhancement and development activities, the costs of which can be difficult to estimate, as well as heightened cultural and compliance concerns in integrating an unregulated firm into a bank regulatory environment. Joint ventures involve all of these risks, as well as risks associated with shared control and decision-making (even in majority-owned situations), minority rights and exit rights, which can delay, challenge or foreclose execution on material opportunities or initiatives, create regulatory risks and limit divestment opportunities. With any acquisition, the integration of the operations and resources of the businesses could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of our and the acquired company s ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures or policies that could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, business partners or employees, maintain regulatory compliance or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. Integration efforts may also divert management attention and resources. Competition for qualified members of our workforce is intense, and we may not be able to attract and retain the personnel we need to support our business. State Street Corporation | 24 Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. Competition for labor in most activities in which we engage can be intense, including for both individuals identified as key talent and for other personnel. We may not be able to hire people or retain them, particularly in light of challenges associated with compensation restrictions applicable, or which may become applicable, to banks and some asset managers and that are not applicable to other financial services firms in all jurisdictions or to technology or other firms with which we compete for personnel, generally. This can be particularly constraining when competing for skill sets which are in high demand, such as technology and information security. The unexpected loss of services of personnel in business units, control functions, information technology, operations or other areas could have a material adverse impact on our business and operations because of the loss of skills, knowledge of our markets, operations and clients, years of industry experience and, in some cases, the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. These adverse impacts may be exacerbated by increased costs and expenses driven by the competitive labor market in several jurisdictions in which we operate, particularly with regard to the ability to meet compensation and hybrid working expectations. In addition, the loss of personnel, either individually or as a group, could adversely affect our clients perception of our ability to continue to manage certain types of investment management or servicing mandates to provide other services to them or to maintain a culture of innovation and proficiency. Financial Market Risks Political, geopolitical and economic conditions and developments could adversely affect us, particularly if we face increased uncertainty and unpredictability in managing our businesses. Domestic or international markets can suffer from substantial volatility, illiquidity, or disruption, particularly as a result of political or geopolitical events, high inflation, slowing economic growth, uncertainty associated with changes in U.S. presidential administrations, concerns related to the U.S. trade policy, federal debt ceiling and monetary policy uncertainty across key central banks. If such volatility, illiquidity or disruption were to result in an adverse economic environment in the United States or in international markets or result in a lack of confidence in the financial stability of major developed or emerging markets, such developments could have an adverse effect on our business, as well as the businesses of our clients and our significant counterparties, and could also increase the difficulty and unpredictability of aligning our business strategies, our infrastructure and our operating costs in light of uncertain market and economic conditions. Market disruptions can adversely affect our consolidated results of operations if the value of our AUC/A or AUM decline, while the costs of providing the related services remain constant or increase. They may also result in investor preference trends towards asset classes and markets deemed more secure, such as cash or non-emerging markets, with respect to which our fee rates are often lower. These factors could reduce the profitability of our asset-based fee revenue and could also adversely affect our transaction-based revenue, such as revenues from securities finance and foreign exchange activities, and the volume of transactions that we execute for or with our clients. Further, the degree of volatility in foreign exchange rates can affect our foreign exchange trading revenue. In general, increased currency volatility tends to increase our market risk but also increases our opportunity to generate foreign exchange revenue. Conversely, periods of lower currency volatility tend to decrease our market risk but also decrease our foreign exchange revenue. In addition, as our business grows globally and a significant percentage of our revenue is earned (and of our expenses paid) in currencies other than U.S. dollars, our exposure to foreign currency volatility could affect our levels of consolidated revenue, our consolidated expenses and our consolidated results of operations, as well as the value of our investment in our non-U.S. operations and our non-U.S. investment portfolio holdings. The extent to which changes in the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies affect our consolidated results of operations, including the degree of any offset between increases or decreases to both revenue and expenses, will depend upon the nature and scope of our operations and activities in the relevant jurisdictions during the relevant periods, which may vary from period to period. As our product offerings expand, in part as we seek to take advantage of perceived opportunities arising under various regulatory reforms and resulting market changes, the degree of our exposure to various market and credit risks will evolve, potentially resulting in greater revenue volatility. Our investment securities portfolio, consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the financial markets, governmental action or monetary policy. For example, among other risks, changes in prevailing interest rates or other market conditions have led, and were they to occur in the future could further lead, to decreases in our NII or to portfolio management decisions resulting in reductions in our capital or liquidity ratios. State Street Corporation | 25 Our investment securities portfolio represented approximately 29% of our total assets as of December 31, 2025. The gross interest income associated with our investment portfolio represented approximately 17% of our total gross revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025 and has represented as much as 31% of our total gross revenue in the fiscal years since 2007. As such, our consolidated financial condition and results of operations are materially exposed to the risks associated with our investment portfolio, including changes in interest rates, credit spreads, credit performance (including risk of default), and credit ratings, our access to liquidity and foreign exchange markets and mark-to-market valuations, and our ability to profitably manage changes in repayment rates of principal with respect to our portfolio securities. Uncertain economic and monetary policy environments continue to drive risks for ongoing NII volatility. Managing reinvestment for both higher and lower rate outcomes will continue to be a challenge. Our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations, including our capital ratios and share repurchase program, may differ from or be exacerbated by the effects of changes in interest rates and also may be volatile and difficult to predict, presenting even further challenges. In addition, certain regulatory liquidity standards, such as the LCR, require that we maintain minimum leve