=== PPL_2026-02-20.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors" for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that could affect the Registrants' cash flows. The Registrants had the following at: PPL PPL Electric LG E KU December 31, 2025 Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,071 $ 30 $ 162 $ 10 Short-term debt 456 Long-term debt due within one year 904 90 164 Notes payable with affiliates 36 December 31, 2024 Cash and cash equivalents $ 306 $ 24 $ 8 $ 13 Short-term debt 303 25 140 Long-term debt due within one year 551 300 250 Notes payable with affiliates 43 73 (All Registrants) Net cash provided by (used in) operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31 and the changes between periods were as follows: PPL PPL Electric LG E KU 2025 Operating activities $ 2,629 $ 1,050 $ 599 $ 798 Investing activities (4,004) (1,503) (803) (986) Financing activities 2,122 459 349 176 2024 Operating activities $ 2,340 $ 1,042 $ 554 $ 723 Investing activities (2,818) (1,455) (444) (643) Financing activities 435 386 (130) (89) 2025 vs. 2024 Change Operating activities $ 289 $ 8 $ 45 $ 75 Investing activities (1,186) (48) (359) (343) Financing activities 1,687 73 479 265 50 Table of Contents Operating Activities The components of the change in cash provided by (used in) operating activities were as follows: PPL PPL Electric LG E KU 2025 vs. 2024 Change - Cash Provided (Used): Net income $ 293 $ 65 $ 12 $ 42 Non-cash components 17 (107) (9) 16 Working capital 13 77 33 7 Other operating activities (34) (27) 9 10 Total $ 289 $ 8 $ 45 $ 75 A majority of the Registrants' operating cash flows are provided by their electric and natural gas utilities, which are significantly influenced by factors such as weather, regulatory mechanisms, economic conditions, changes in working capital and operating costs. (PPL) PPL's cash provided by operating activities in 2025 increased $289 million compared with 2024. Net income increased $293 million between the periods and included an increase in non-cash components of $17 million. The $13 million increase in cash from changes in working capital was primarily due to an increase in regulatory liabilities, taxes payable and other current liabilities and a decrease in prepayments, partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable. The $34 million decrease in cash from other operating activities was primarily due to an increase in other noncurrent assets, partially offset by an increase in other noncurrent liabilities. (PPL Electric) PPL Electric's cash provided by operating activities in 2025 increased $8 million compared with 2024. Net income increased $65 million between the periods and included a decrease in non-cash components of $107 million, primarily due to a decrease in deferred income taxes and investment tax credits. The $77 million increase in cash from changes in working capital was primarily due to an increase in regulatory liabilities and taxes payable and a decrease in prepayments, partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable. The $27 million decrease in cash from other operating activities was primarily due to an increase in other noncurrent assets. (LG E) LG E's cash provided by operating activities in 2025 increased $45 million compared with 2024. Net income increased $12 million between the periods and included a decrease in non-cash components of $9 million. The $33 million increase in cash from changes in working capital was primarily due to an increase in taxes payable and a decrease in accounts receivable. The $9 million increase in cash from other operating activities was primarily due to an increase in other noncurrent liabilities, partially offset by an increase in other noncurrent assets. (KU) KU's cash provided by operating activities in 2025 increased $75 million compared with 2024. Net income increased $42 million between the periods and included an increase in non-cash components of $16 million. 51 Table of Contents The $7 million increase in cash from changes in working capital was primarily due to an increase in accounts payable and taxes payable, partially offset by a decrease in regulatory liabilities. The $10 million increase in cash from other operating activities was primarily due to an increase in other noncurrent assets. Investing Activities (All Registrants) The components of the change in cash provided by (used in) investing activities were as follows: PPL PPL Electric LG E KU 2025 vs. 2024 Change - Cash Provided (Used): Expenditures for PP E $ (1,225) $ (379) $ (323) $ (340) Notes receivable from affiliate 301 (36) Other investing activities 39 30 (3) Total $ (1,186) $ (48) $ (359) $ (343) For PPL, the increase in expenditures for PP E was primarily due to an increase in project expenditures at PPL Electric, LG E, KU and RIE. The increase in expenditures at PPL Electric was primarily due to increases in transmission and distribution projects. The increase in expenditures at LG E was primarily due to Mill Creek Units 5 and 6, the E.W. Brown battery storage project and the Bullitt County system reinforcement project. The increase in expenditures at KU was primarily due to Mill Creek Unit 5. See "Forecasted Uses of Cash" for detail regarding projected capital expenditures for the years 2026 through 2028. For PPL Electric, the changes in "Notes receivable from affiliate" activity resulted from payments received in 2025 on the short-term note between affiliates, issued in 2024 to support general corporate purposes. See Note 13 to the Financial Statements for further discussion of intercompany borrowings. Financing Activities (All Registrants) The components of the change in cash provided by (used in) financing activities were as follows: PPL PPL Electric LG E KU 2025 vs. 2024 Change - Cash Provided (Used): Long-term debt issuance/retirement, net $ 535 $ (153) $ 400 $ 450 Dividends (47) (26) (13) (17) Issuance of treasury stock 399 Capital contributions/distributions, net (258) 237 138 Changes in net short-term debt 842 509 (50) (187) Note payable with affiliate (86) (110) Other financing activities (42) 1 (9) (9) Total $ 1,687 $ 73 $ 479 $ 265 (All Registrants) See Note 8 to the Financial Statements for information on 2025 activity. 52 Table of Contents See "Long-term Debt and Equity Securities" below for additional information on current year activity. See "Forecasted Sources of Cash" for a discussion of the Registrants' plans to issue debt and equity securities, as well as a discussion of credit facility capacity available to the Registrants. Also see "Forecasted Uses of Cash" for a discussion of PPL's plans to pay dividends on common securities in the future, as well as the Registrants' maturities of long-term debt. Long-term Debt and Equity Securities Long-term debt and equity securities activity for 2025 included: Debt Stock Issuances (a) Retirements Issuances (b) Repurchases Cash Flow Impact: PPL (c) $ 3,045 $ 616 $ 401 $ PPL Electric 496 LG E 700 300 KU 700 250 (a) Issuances are net of pricing discounts, where applicable, and exclude the impact of debt issuance costs. (b) Primarily includes issuances of treasury stock. (c) Retirements include $65 million related to repurchased affiliate debt. See Note 8 to the Financial Statements for additional information. See Note 8 to the Financial Statements for additional long-term debt information. Forecasted Sources of Cash (All Registrants) The Registrants expect to continue to have adequate liquidity available from operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents, credit facilities, commercial paper issuances and debt, hybrid, and equity issuances to meet their requirements with respect to their contractual obligations and anticipated capital expenditures. Equity capital for PPL can be provided from any combination of issuances from at the market stock plans, private placements, or public offerings. Additionally, subject to market conditions, the Registrants and their subsidiaries may access the capital markets, and PPL Electric, LG E and KU anticipate receiving equity contributions from their parent or member in 2026, which are expected to be used to fund capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes. PPL Electric, LG E and KU plan to obtain the funds to meet their future capital needs from sources similar to those they used in the past, which were primarily from operating cash flows, external securities issuances, borrowings from financial institutions, and equity contributions from PPL. Operating cash flows provide a substantial portion of these subsidiary Registrants' cash needs. The amount, type, and timing of any financings in 2026, as well as in subsequent years, will be contingent on investment opportunities and the Registrants' capital requirements and will depend upon prevailing market conditions, regulatory approvals as applicable for the subsidiary Registrants, and other factors. Credit Facilities The Registrants maintain credit facilities to enhance liquidity, provide credit support and provide a backstop to commercial paper programs. Amounts borrowed under these credit facilities are reflected in "Short-term debt" on the Balance Sheets. At December 31, 2025, the total committed borrowing capacity under credit facilities and the borrowings under these facilities were: 53 Table of Contents External Committed Capacity Borrowed Letters of Credit and Commercial Paper Issued (d) Unused Capacity PPL Capital Funding Credit Facilities (a) $ 1,600 $ $ 456 $ 1,144 PPL Electric Credit Facilities 750 6 744 LG E Credit Facilities 600 600 KU Credit Facilities 600 600 Total Credit Facilities (b)(c) $ 3,550 $ $ 462 $ 3,088 (a) Includes a $1.5 billion syndicated credit facility with a $400 million borrowing sublimit for RIE and a $1.1 billion sublimit for PPL Capital Funding. RIE's borrowing sublimit is adjustable, at the borrowers' option, from $0 to $600 million, with the remaining balance of the $1.5 billion available under the facility allocated to PPL Capital Funding. At December 31, 2025, PPL Capital Funding had $355 million of commercial paper outstanding and RIE had $101 million of commercial paper outstanding. See Note 8 to the Financial Statements for additional information. (b) The syndicated credit facilities and PPL Capital Funding's bilateral facility, each contain a financial covenant requiring debt to total capitalization not to exceed 70% for PPL Capital Funding, RIE, PPL Electric, LG E and KU, as calculated in accordance with the facility, and other customary covenants. The commitments under the credit facilities are provided by a diverse bank group, with no one bank and its affiliates providing an aggregate commitment of more than the following percentages of the total committed capacity: PPL - 8%, PPL Electric - 7%, LG E - 7% and KU - 7%. (c) Each company pays customary fees under its respective syndicated credit facility. Borrowings generally bear interest at applicable SOFR, plus an applicable margin. (d) Commercial paper issued reflects the undiscounted face value of the issuance. In addition to the financial covenants noted in the table above, the credit agreements governing the above credit facilities contain various other covenants. Failure to comply with the covenants after applicable grace periods could result in acceleration of repayment of borrowings and/or termination of the agreements. The Registrants monitor compliance with the covenants on a regular basis. At December 31, 2025, the Registrants were in compliance with these covenants. As of December 31, 2025, the Registrants believe that these covenants and other borrowing conditions will not limit access to these funding sources. See Note 8 to the Financial Statements for further discussion of the Registrants' credit facilities. Intercompany (LG E and KU) Committed Capacity Borrowed Commercial Paper Issued Unused Capacity LG E Money Pool (a) $ 750 $ $ $ 750 KU Money Pool (a) 650 36 614 (a) LG E and KU participate in an intercompany money pool agreement whereby LKE and/or KU make available to LG E, and LKE and/or LG E make available to KU funds up to the difference between LG E's and KU's FERC borrowing limit and LG E's and KU's commercial paper capacity limit, at an interest rate based on the lower of a market index of commercial paper issues and two additional rate options based on the lower of a market index of commercial paper issues and two additional rate options based on SOFR. See Note 13 to the Financial Statements for further discussion of intercompany credit facilities. Commercial Paper (All Registrants) The Registrants, PPL Capital Funding and RIE maintain commercial paper programs to provide an additional financing source to fund short-term liquidity needs, as necessary. Commercial paper issuances, included in "Short-term debt" on the Balance Sheets, are supported by the respective Registrant's credit facilities. The following commercial paper programs were in place at: December 31, 2025 Capacity Commercial Paper Issuances (b) Unused Capacity PPL Capital Funding (a) $ 1,600 $ 355 $ 1,245 Rhode Island Energy (a) 400 101 299 PPL Electric 750 750 LG E 600 600 KU 600 600 Total PPL $ 3,950 $ 456 $ 3,494 54 Table of Contents (a) Issuances under the PPL Capital Funding and RIE commercial paper programs are supported by the PPL Capital Funding syndicated credit facility, which at December 31, 2025, had a total capacity of $1.5 billion, with a $400 million borrowing sublimit for RIE and a $1.1 billion sublimit for PPL Capital Funding. The sublimits of each borrower may be decreased or increased at the borrowers' option up to a prescribed amount such that all borrowings under the syndicated credit facility cannot exceed the size of the credit facility of $1.5 billion. PPL Capital Funding's Commercial paper program is also backed by a separate bilateral credit facility for $100 million. (b) Commercial paper issued reflects the undiscounted face value of the issuance. Forecasted Uses of Cash (All Registrants) In addition to expenditures required for normal operating activities, such as purchased power, payroll, fuel and taxes, the Registrants currently expect to incur future cash outflows for capital expenditures, various contractual obligations, payment of dividends on its common stock, and possibly the purchase or redemption of a portion of debt securities. Capital Expenditures The table below shows the Registrants' current capital expenditure projections for the years 2026 through 2028. Expenditures for the regulated utilities are expected to be recovered through rates, pending regulatory approval. Projected Total 2026 (a) 2027 2028 PPL Generating facilities $ 4,200 $ 1,100 $ 1,500 $ 1,600 Electric distribution facilities 5,575 1,775 1,950 1,850 Gas distribution facilities 1,225 375 400 450 Transmission facilities 5,875 1,625 2,025 2,225 Other 475 250 150 75 Total Capital Expenditures $ 17,350 $ 5,125 $ 6,025 $ 6,200 PPL Electric Electric distribution facilities $ 2,850 $ 1,000 $ 950 $ 900 Transmission facilities 3,350 975 1,125 1,250 Total Capital Expenditures $ 6,200 $ 1,975 $ 2,075 $ 2,150 LG E Generating facilities $ 2,500 $ 600 $ 850 $ 1,050 Electric distribution facilities 825 200 325 300 Gas distribution facilities 450 125 150 175 Transmission facilities 450 125 175 150 Other 250 125 75 50 Total Capital Expenditures $ 4,475 $ 1,175 $ 1,575 $ 1,725 KU Generating facilities $ 1,700 $ 500 $ 650 $ 550 Electric distribution facilities 1,075 275 400 400 Transmission facilities 1,350 300 475 575 Other 225 125 75 25 Total Capital Expenditures $ 4,350 $ 1,200 $ 1,600 $ 1,550 (a) The 2026 total excludes amounts included in accounts payable as of December 31, 2025. Capital expenditure plans are revised periodically to reflect changes in operational, market and regulatory conditions. 55 Table of Contents Contractual Obligations The Registrants have assumed various financial obligations and commitments in the ordinary course of conducting business. At December 31, 2025, estimated contractual cash obligations were as follows: Total 2026 2027-2028 2028-2029 After 2030 PPL Long-term Debt (a) $ 19,089 $ 904 $ 1,778 $ 2,297 $ 14,110 Interest on Long-term Debt (b) 13,775 836 1,611 1,516 9,812 Operating Leases 109 20 35 19 35 Purchase Obligations (c) 5,476 1,940 1,845 1,002 689 Total Contractual Cash Obligations $ 38,449 $ 3,700 $ 5,269 $ 4,834 $ 24,646 PPL Electric Long-term Debt (a) $ 5,799 $ $ 108 $ 116 $ 5,575 Interest on Long-term Debt (b) 4,965 274 543 538 3,610 Unconditional Power Purchase Obligations 739 63 144 143 389 Total Contractual Cash Obligations $ 11,503 $ 337 $ 795 $ 797 $ 9,574 LG E Long-term Debt (a) $ 2,889 $ 90 $ 260 $ $ 2,539 Interest on Long-term Debt (b) 2,508 131 253 249 1,875 Operating Leases 19 6 9 4 Coal and Natural Gas Purchase Obligations (d) 856 314 357 162 23 Unconditional Power Purchase Obligations (e) 299 19 48 48 184 Construction Obligations (f) 369 319 48 2 Other Obligations 72 45 22 5 Total Contractual Cash Obligations $ 7,012 $ 924 $ 997 $ 470 $ 4,621 KU Long-term Debt (a) $ 3,539 $ 164 $ 60 $ $ 3,315 Interest on Long-term Debt (b) 3,096 163 315 314 2,304 Operating Leases 30 10 13 5 2 Coal and Natural Gas Purchase Obligations (d) 1,088 372 536 180 Unconditional Power Purchase Obligations (e) 133 8 21 21 83 Construction Obligations (f) 356 288 62 6 Other Obligations 49 19 18 12 Total Contractual Cash Obligations $ 8,291 $ 1,024 $ 1,025 $ 538 $ 5,704 (a) Reflects principal maturities based on stated maturity, sinking fund payments, or earlier put dates. See Note 8 to the Financial Statements for a discussion of variable-rate remarketable bonds issued on behalf of LG E and KU. The Registrants do not have any significant finance lease obligations. For PPL, reduced by $84 million of repurchased affiliate bonds as of December 31, 2025. See Note 8 to the Financial Statements for more information. (b) Assumes interest payments through stated maturity or earlier put dates. The payments herein are subject to change, as payments for debt that is or becomes variable-rate debt have been estimated. (c) The amounts include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Primarily includes, as applicable, the purchase obligations of electricity, coal, natural gas and limestone, as well as certain construction expenditures, which are also included in the Capital Expenditures discussion above. (d) Represents contracts to purchase coal, natural gas and natural gas transportation. See Note 12 to the Financial Statements for additional information. (e) Represents future minimum payments under OVEC power purchase agreements through June 2040. See Note 12 to the Financial Statements for additional information. (f) Represents construction commitments, which are also reflected in the Capital Expenditures table presented above. 56 Table of Contents Dividends/Distributions (PPL) PPL views dividends as an integral component of shareowner return and expects to continue to pay dividends in amounts intended to maintain a capitalization structure that supports investment grade credit ratings. In November 2025, PPL declared its quarterly common stock dividend, payable January 2, 2026, at 27.25 cents per share (equivalent to $1.09 per annum). On February 20, 2026, PPL announced a quarterly common stock dividend of 28.50 cents per share, payable April 1, 2026, to shareowners of record as of March 10, 2026. Future dividends will be declared at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon future earnings, cash flows, financial and legal requirements and other factors. Subject to certain exceptions, PPL may not declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on its capital stock during any period in which PPL Capital Funding defers interest payments on its 2007 Series A Junior Subordinated Notes due 2067. At December 31, 2025, no interest payments were deferred. (PPL Electric, LG E and KU) From time to time, as determined by their respective Board of Directors, the Registrants pay dividends, distributions or return capital, as applicable, to their respective shareholders or members. Certain of the credit facilities of PPL Electric, LG E and KU include minimum debt covenant ratios that could effectively restrict the payment of dividends or distributions. (All Registrants) See Note 8 to the Financial Statements for these and other restrictions related to distributions on capital interests for the Registrants and their subsidiaries. Purchase or Redemption of Debt Securities The Registrants will continue to evaluate outstanding debt securities and may decide to purchase or redeem these securities in open market or privately negotiated transactions, in exchange transactions or otherwise, depending upon prevailing market conditions, available cash and other factors, and may be commenced or suspended at any time. The amounts involved may be material. Rating Agency Actions Moody's and S P periodically review the credit ratings of the debt of the Registrants and their subsidiaries. Based on their respective independent reviews, the rating agencies may make certain ratings revisions or ratings affirmations. A credit rating reflects an assessment by the rating agency of the creditworthiness associated with an issuer and particular securities that it issues. The credit ratings of the Registrants and their subsidiaries are based on information provided by the Registrants and other sources. The ratings of Moody's and S P are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any securities of the Registrants or their subsidiaries. Such ratings may be subject to revisions or withdrawal by the agencies at any time and should be evaluated independently of each other and any other rating that may be assigned to the securities. The credit ratings of the Registrants and their subsidiaries affect their liquidity, access to capital markets and cost of borrowing under their credit facilities. A downgrade in the Registrants' or their subsidiaries' credit ratings could result in higher borrowing costs and reduced access to capital markets. The Registrants and their subsidiaries have no credit rating triggers that would result in the reduction of access to capital markets or the acceleration of maturity dates of outstanding debt. The following table sets forth the Registrants' and their subsidiaries' credit ratings for outstanding debt securities or commercial paper programs as of December 31, 2025. 57 Table of Contents Senior Unsecured Senior Secured Commercial Paper Issuer Moody's S P Moody's S P Moody's S P PPL PPL Capital Funding Baa1 BBB+ P-2 A-2 Rhode Island Energy A3 A- P-2 A-2 PPL and PPL Electric PPL Electric A1 A+ P-2 A-1 PPL, LG E and KU LG E A1 A P-2 A-2 KU A1 A P-2 A-2 Since June 2023, the rating agencies have not taken rating actions related to the Registrants and their subsidiaries. Ratings Triggers (PPL, LG E and KU) Various derivative and non-derivative contracts, including contracts for the sale and purchase of electricity and fuel, commodity transportation and storage, and interest rate instruments, contain provisions that require the posting of additional collateral or permit the counterparty to terminate the contract, if PPL's, LG E's or KU's or their subsidiaries' credit rating, as applicable, were to fall below investment grade. See Note 16 to the Financial Statements for a discussion of "Credit Risk-Related Contingent Features," including a discussion of the potential additional collateral requirements for derivative contracts in a net liability position at December 31, 2025. Guarantees for Subsidiaries (PPL) PPL guarantees certain consolidated affiliate financing arrangements. Some of the guarantees contain financial and other covenants that, if not met, would limit or restrict the consolidated affiliates' access to funds under these financing arrangements, accelerate maturity of such arrangements or limit the consolidated affiliates' ability to enter into certain transactions. At this time, PPL believes that these covenants will not limit access to relevant funding sources. See Note 12 to the Financial Statements for additional information about guarantees. Other Contingent Obligations (All Registrants) The Registrants have entered into certain agreements that may contingently require payment to a guaranteed or indemnified party. See Note 12 to the Financial Statements for a discussion of these agreements. Risk Management Market Risk (All Registrants) See Notes 1, 15 and 16 to the Financial Statements for information about the Registrants' risk management objectives, valuation techniques and accounting designations. The forward-looking information presented below provides estimates of what may occur in the future, assuming certain adverse market conditions and model assumptions. Actual future results may differ materially from those presented. These are not precise indicators of expected future losses, but are rather only indicators of possible losses under normal market conditions at a given confidence level. 58 Table of Contents Interest Rate Risk PPL and its subsidiaries issue debt to finance their operations, which exposes them to interest rate risk. A variety of financial derivative instruments are utilized to adjust the mix of fixed and floating interest rates in their debt portfolios, adjust the duration of the debt portfolios and lock in benchmark interest rates in anticipation of future financing, when appropriate. Risk limits under PPL's risk management program are designed to balance risk exposure to volatility in interest expense and changes in the fair value of the debt portfolio due to changes in benchmark interest rates. In addition, the interest rate risk of certain subsidiaries is potentially mitigated as a result of the existing regulatory framework or the timing of rate cases. The following interest rate hedges were outstanding at December 31: 2025 2024 Exposure Hedged Fair Value, Net - Asset (Liability) (a) Effect of a 10% Adverse Movement in Rates (b) Maturities Ranging Through Exposure Hedged Fair Value, Net - Asset (Liability) (a) Effect of a 10% Adverse Movement in Rates (b) PPL and LG E Cash flow hedges Interest rate derivatives $ 20 $ $ (1) 2026 $ $ $ Economic hedges Interest rate derivatives (c) $ 64 $ (5) $ (1) 2033 $ 64 $ (3) $ (1) (a) Includes accrued interest, if applicable. (b) Effects of adverse movements decrease assets or increase liabilities, as applicable, which could result in an asset becoming a liability. Sensitivities represent a 10% adverse movement in interest rates. (c) Realized changes in the fair value of such economic hedges are recoverable through regulated rates and any subsequent changes in the fair value of these derivatives are included in regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities. The Registrants are exposed to a potential increase in interest expense and to changes in the fair value of their debt portfolios. The estimated impact of a 10% adverse movement in interest rates on interest expense at December 31, 2025 and 2024 was insignificant for PPL, PPL Electric, LG E, and KU. The estimated impact of a 10% adverse movement in interest rates on the fair value of debt at December 31 is shown below. 10% Adverse Movement in Rates on Fair Value of Debt 2025 2024 PPL $ 720 $ 622 PPL Electric 284 262 LG E 135 89 KU 175 131 Commodity Price Risk PPL is exposed to commodity price risk through its subsidiaries primarily from the purchases of electricity, natural gas and fuel but has cost recovery mechanisms to mitigate that risk. See Note 16 to the Financial Statements for further discussion of these risks. Volumetric Risk Volumetric risk is the risk related to the changes in volume of retail sales due to weather, economic conditions or other factors. PPL is exposed to volumetric risk through its subsidiaries as described below. PPL Electric, LG E and KU are exposed to volumetric risk on retail sales, mainly due to weather and other economic conditions for which there is limited mitigation between rate cases. RIE is not materially exposed to volumetric risk. RIE's electric and gas distribution rates both have a revenue decoupling mechanism, which allows for annual adjustments to RIE's delivery rates. 59 Table of Contents Defined Benefit Plans - Equity Securities Price Risk See "Application of Critical Accounting Policies - Defined Benefits" for additional information regarding the effect of equity securities price risk on plan assets. Credit Risk (All Registrants) Credit risk is the potential loss that may be incurred due to a counterparty's non-performance. PPL is exposed to credit risk from "in-the-money" transactions with counterparties as well as additional credit risk through certain of its subsidiaries, as discussed below. In the event a supplier of PPL, PPL Electric, LG E or KU defaults on its contractual obligation, those Registrants would be required to seek replacement power or replacement fuel in the market. In general, subject to regulatory review or other processes, appropriate incremental costs incurred by these entities would be recoverable from customers through applicable rate mechanisms, thereby mitigating the financial risk for these entities. PPL and its subsidiaries have credit policies in place to manage credit risk, including the use of an established credit approval process, daily monitoring of counterparty positions and the use of master netting agreements or provisions. These agreements generally include credit mitigation provisions, such as margin, prepayment or collateral requirements. PPL and its subsidiaries may request additional credit assurance, in certain circumstances, if the counterparties' credit ratings fall below investment grade, their tangible net worth falls below specified percentages or their exposures exceed an established credit limit. (All Registrants) Related Party Transactions The Registrants are not aware of any material ownership interests or operating responsibility by senior management in outside partnerships, including leasing transactions with variable interest entities, or other entities doing business with the Registrants. See Note 13 to the Financial Statements for additional information on related party transactions for PPL Electric, LG E and KU. Acquisitions, Development and Divestitures The Registrants from time to time evaluate opportunities for potential acquisitions, divestitures, and development projects. See Note 9 to the Financial Statements for additional information on acquisition, development and divestiture activity. Development projects are reexamined based on market conditions and other factors to determine whether to proceed with, modify or terminate the projects. Any resulting transactions may impact future financial results. Environmental Matters Extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations are applicable to the Registrants' air emissions, water discharges and the management of hazardous and solid waste, as well as other aspects of the Registrants' businesses. The costs of compliance or alleged non-compliance cannot be predicted with certainty but could be significant. In addition, costs may increase significantly if the requirements or scope of environmental laws or regulations, or similar rules, are expanded or changed. Costs may take the form of increased capital expenditures or operating and maintenance expenses, monetary fines, penalties or other restrictions. Many of these environmental law considerations are also applicable to the operations of key suppliers, or customers, such as coal producers and industrial power users, and may impact the costs for their products or their demand for the Registrants' services. Increased capital and operating costs are expected to be subject to rate recovery. The Registrants can provide no assurances as to the ultimate outcome of future environmental or rate proceedings before regulatory authorities. See "Legal Matters" in Note 12 to the Financial Statements for a discussion of the more significant environmental claims. See Note 18 to the Financial Statements for information related to the impacts of CCRs on AROs. See "Item 1. Business - Environmental Matters" for additional information. 60 Table of Contents Sustainability The Governance, Nominating and Sustainability Committee of PPL's Board of Directors has oversight of the company's practices and positions to further its sustainability strategy and corporate governance, including specific environmental and corporate social responsibility initiatives. Management considers several factors as part of the company's sustainability approach, including ongoing engagement with constituents such as shareholders and regulators on topics related to sustainability and other matters. To the extent sustainability issues have or may have a material impact on the Registrants' financial condition or results of operation, PPL discloses such matters in accordance with applicable securities law and SEC regulations. In addition to disclosure required by applicable securities laws and SEC regulations, PPL provides additional disclosures on sustainability topics that it considers relevant to investors and stakeholders, which are available on the corporate website at https://www.pplweb.com/sustainability/reports-disclosures/. Primarily, PPL continues each spring to publish its annual sustainability report including data related to carbon emissions. PPL also participates in efforts by the Edison Electric Institute and American Gas Association to provide the appropriate subset of sustainability information that can be applied consistently across the electric and gas utility industries. Finally, PPL consults widely used reporting frameworks for discrete sustainability topics, including corporate political contributions and climate-related issues and maps its disclosure to various reporting frameworks such as Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards and to the CDP Climate and Water Questionnaires. Cybersecurity See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" and "Item 1C. Cybersecurity" for a discussion of cybersecurity risks affecting the Registrants and the related strategies for managing these risks. Competition See "Competition" under each of PPL's reportable segments in "Item 1. Business - General - Segment Information" and "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for a discussion of competitive factors affecting the Registrants. New Accounting Guidance See Note 1 and Note 20 to the Financial Statements for a discussion of significant new accounting guidance adopted and pending adoption as of December 31, 2025. Application of Critical Accounting Policies Financial condition and results of operations are impacted by the methods, assumptions and estimates used in the application of critical accounting policies. The following accounting policies are particularly important to an understanding of the reported financial condition or results of operations and require management to make estimates or other judgments of matters that are inherently uncertain. Changes in the estimates or other judgments included within these accounting policies could result in a significant change to the information presented in the Financial Statements (these accounting policies are also discussed in Note 1 to the Financial Statements). Senior management has reviewed with PPL's Audit Committee these critical accounting policies, the following disclosures regarding their application, and the estimates and assumptions regarding them. Defined Benefits (All Registrants) Certain of the Registrants and/or their subsidiaries sponsor or participate in certain qualified funded and non-qualified unfunded defined benefit pension plans and both funded and unfunded other postretirement benefit plans. See Notes 1, 7 and 10 to the Financial Statements for additional information about the plans and the accounting for defined benefits. A summary of plan sponsors by Registrant and whether a Registrant or its subsidiaries sponsor (S) or participate in and receives allocations (P) from those plans is shown in the table below. Plan Sponsor PPL PPL Electric LG E KU PPL Services S P LKE P P 61 Table of Contents Management makes certain assumptions regarding the valuation of benefit obligations and the performance of plan assets. As such, annual net periodic defined benefit costs are recorded in current earnings or regulatory assets and liabilities based on estimated results. Any differences between actual and estimated results are recorded in AOCI or, in the case of PPL Electric, LG E and KU, regulatory assets and liabilities for amounts that are expected to be recovered through regulated customer rates. These amounts in AOCI or regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized to income over future periods. The significant assumptions are: Discount Rate - In selecting the discount rates for defined benefit plans, the plan sponsors start with a cash flow analysis of the expected benefit payment stream for their plans. The plan-specific cash flows are matched against the coupons and expected maturity values of Aa-rated non-callable (or callable with make-whole provisions) bonds that could be purchased for a hypothetical settlement portfolio. The plan sponsors then use the single discount rate derived from matching the discounted benefit payment stream to the market value of the selected bond portfolio. Expected Return on Plan Assets - The expected long-term rates of return for pension and other postretirement benefits are based on management's projections using a best-estimate of expected returns, volatilities and correlations for each asset class. Each plan's specific current and expected asset allocations are also considered in developing a reasonable return assumption. Rate of Compensation Increase - Management projects employees' annual pay increases, which are used to project employees' pension benefits at retirement. In selecting a rate of compensation increase, plan sponsors consider past experience, the potential impact of movements in inflation rates and expectations of ongoing compensation practices. See Note 10 to the Financial Statements for details of the assumptions selected for pension and other postretirement benefits. A variance in the assumptions could significantly impact accrued defined benefit liabilities or assets, reported annual net periodic defined benefit costs and AOCI or regulatory assets and liabilities. The following tables reflect changes in certain assumptions based on the Registrants' primary qualified defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. The inverse of this change would have the opposite impact on accrued defined benefit liabilities or assets, reported annual net periodic defined benefit costs and AOCI or regulatory assets and liabilities. The sensitivities below reflect an evaluation of the change based solely on a change in that assumption. Increase (Decrease) Actuarial assumption Discount Rate (0.25 %) Expected Return on Plan Assets (0.25 %) Rate of Compensation Increase 0.25 % 62 Table of Contents Increase (Decrease) (Increase) Decrease (Increase) Decrease Increase (Decrease) Increase (Decrease) Actuarial assumption Defined Benefit Asset Defined Benefit Liabilities AOCI (pre-tax) Net Regulatory Assets Defined Benefit Costs PPL Discount rates $ (17) $ (73) $ 26 $ 64 $ 4 Expected return on plan assets n/a n/a n/a n/a 10 Rate of compensation increase (2) (6) 2 6 1 PPL Electric Discount rates (31) 31 1 Expected return on plan assets n/a n/a n/a 3 Rate of compensation increase (2) 2 LG E Discount rates (7) 1 n/a 8 1 Expected return on plan assets n/a n/a n/a n/a 1 Rate of compensation increase (1) n/a 1 KU Discount rates (6) 1 n/a 7 1 Expected return on plan assets n/a n/a n/a n/a 1 Rate of compensation increase (1) n/a 1 Income Taxes (All Registrants) Significant management judgment is required in developing the Registrants' provision for income taxes, primarily due to valuation allowances on deferred tax assets. The need for valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets requires significant management judgment. Valuation allowances are initially recorded and reevaluated each reporting period by assessing the likelihood of the ultimate realization of a deferred tax asset. Management considers numerous factors in assessing the expected realization of a deferred tax asset, including the reversal of temporary differences, future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. Any tax planning strategy considered in this assessment must meet the recognition and measurement criteria for the valuation of a deferred tax asset. When evaluating the need for valuation allowances, the uncertainty posed by potential or expected legislative change on such factors is also considered by management. The amount of deferred tax assets ultimately realized may differ materially from the estimates utilized in the computation of valuation allowances and may materially impact the financial statements in the future. See Note 6 to the Financial Statements for income tax disclosures. Regulatory Assets and Liabilities (All Registrants) PPL Electric, LG E, KU and RIE are subject to cost-based rate regulation. As a result, the effects of regulatory actions are required to be reflected in the financial statements. Assets and liabilities that result from the regulated ratemaking process may not be recorded under GAAP for non-regulated entities. Regulatory assets generally represent incurred costs that have been deferred because such costs are probable of future recovery in regulated customer rates. Regulatory liabilities are recognized for amounts expected to be returned through future regulated customer rates. In certain cases, regulatory liabilities are recorded based on an understanding or agreement with the regulator that rates have been set to recover costs that are expected to be incurred in the future, and the regulated entity is accountable for any amounts charged pursuant to such rates and not yet expended for the intended purpose. 63 Table of Contents Management continually assesses whether the regulatory assets are probable of future recovery by considering factors such as changes in the applicable regulatory and political environments, the ability to recover costs through regulated rates, recent rate orders to the Registrants and other regulated entities, and the status of any pending or potential deregulation legislation. Based on this continual assessment, management believes the existing regulatory assets are probable of recovery. This assessment reflects the current political and regulatory climate at the state and federal levels and is subject to change in the future. If future recovery of costs ceases to be probable, the regulatory asset would be written-off. There were no material write-offs of regulatory assets for the year ended December 31, 2025. Additionally, the regulatory agencies can provide flexibility in the manner and timing of recovery of regulatory assets. See Note 7 to the Financial Statements for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities recorded at December 31, 2025 and 2024, as well as additional information on those regulatory assets and liabilities. All regulatory assets are either currently being recovered under specific rate orders, represent amounts that are expected to be recovered in future rates or benefit future periods based upon established regulatory practices. Price Risk Management (PPL) See "Financial Condition - Risk Management" above. Goodwill Impairment (PPL, LG E and KU) Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. The reporting units of PPL include the Kentucky Regulated reporting unit, the Pennsylvania Regulated reporting unit, and the Rhode Island Regulated reporting unit. LG E and KU are each single reporting units. A goodwill impairment test is performed annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the reporting unit may be greater than the reporting unit's fair value. The fair value of a reporting unit is compared with the carrying value and an impairment charge is recognized if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit. PPL, for its reporting units, and individually, LG E and KU, may elect either to initially make a qualitative evaluation about the likelihood of an impairment of goodwill or to bypass the qualitative evaluation and test goodwill for impairment using a quantitative test. As of October 1, 2025, PPL, for its reporting units, and individually, LG E and KU, elected to perform the qualitative step zero evaluation of goodwill. These evaluations considered the excess of fair value over the carrying value of each reporting unit that was calculated during step one of the quantitative impairment tests performed in the fourth quarter of 2022, and the relevant events and circumstances that occurred since those tests were performed including: current year financial performance versus the prior year, changes in planned capital expenditures, the consistency of forecasted free cash flows, earnings quality and sustainability, changes in market participant discount rates, changes in long-term growth rates, changes in PPL's market capitalization, and the overall economic and regulatory environments in which these regulated entities operate. Based on these evaluations, management concluded it was not more likely than not that the fair value of these reporting units was less than their carrying value. As such, the step one quantitative impairment test was not performed and no impairment was recognized. See "Long-Lived and Intangible Assets - Asset Impairment (Excluding Investments)" in Note 1 to the Financial Statements for further discussion of goodwill impairment tests. See Note 17 to the Financial Statements for information on goodwill balances by reportable segment at December 31, 2025. 64 Table of Contents Asset Retirement Obligations (LG E and KU) ARO liabilities are required to be recognized for legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets. Initial obligations are measured at estimated fair value. An ARO must be recognized when incurred if the fair value of the ARO can be reasonably estimated. An equivalent amount is recorded as an increase in the value of the capitalized asset and amortized to expense, regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities over the asset's useful life. In determining AROs, management must make significant judgments and estimates to calculate fair value. Fair value is developed using an expected present value technique based on assumptions of market participants that consider estimated retirement costs in current period dollars, inflated to the anticipated retirement date and discounted back to the date the ARO was incurred. Changes in assumptions and estimates included within the calculations of the fair value of AROs could result in significantly different results than those identified and recorded in the financial statements. Estimated ARO costs and settlement dates, which affect the carrying value of the ARO and the related capitalized asset, are reviewed periodically to ensure that any material changes are incorporated into the ARO estimate. Any change to the capitalized asset is generally amortized over the remaining life of the associated long-lived asset. See "Long-Lived and Intangible Assets - Asset Retirement Obligations" in Note 1, Note 7 and Note 18 to the Financial Statements for additional information on AROs. At December 31, 2025, the total recorded balances and information on the most significant recorded AROs were as follows. Most Significant AROs Total ARO Recorded Amount Recorded % of Total Description LG E $ 75 $ 52 69 Ponds, landfills and natural gas mains KU 57 27 47 Ponds and landfills The most significant assumptions surrounding AROs are the forecasted retirement costs (including settlement dates and the timing of cash flows), discount and inflation rates. At December 31, 2025, a 10% increase to retirement cost would increase these ARO liabilities by $6 million at LG E and $7 million at KU. A 0.25% decrease in the discount rate would increase these ARO liabilities by $4 million at LG E and $1 million at KU and a 0.25% increase in the inflation rate would increase these ARO liabilities by $4 million at LG E and $1 million at KU. There would be no significant change to the annual depreciation expense of the ARO asset or the annual accretion expense of the ARO liability as a result of these changes in assumptions. Revenue Recognition - Unbilled Revenues (PPL, LG E and KU) For RIE, LG E and KU, revenues related to the sale of energy are recorded when service is rendered or when energy is delivered to customers. Because customers are billed on cycles which vary based on the timing of actual meter reads taken throughout the month, estimates are recorded for unbilled revenues at the end of each reporting period. Such unbilled revenue amounts reflect estimates of deliveries to customers since the date of the last reading of their meters. The unbilled revenue estimates reflect consideration of factors including daily load models, estimated usage for each customer class, the effect of current and different rate schedules, the meter read schedule, the billing schedule, actual weather data, and, where applicable, the impact of weather normalization or other regulatory provisions of rate structures. Other Information (All Registrants) PPL's Audit Committee has approved the independent auditor to provide audit and audit-related services, tax services and other services permitted by Sarbanes-Oxley and SEC rules. The audit and audit-related services include services in connection with statutory and regulatory filings, reviews of offering documents and registration statements, and internal control reviews. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK PPL Corporation, PPL Electric Utilities Corporation, Louisville Gas and Electric Company and Kentucky Utilities Company Reference is made to "Risk Management" for the Registrants in "Item 7. Combined Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 65 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareowners and the Board of Directors of PPL Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PPL Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 20, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Regulatory Assets and Regulatory Liabilities Impact of Rate-Regulation on Regulatory Assets and Regulatory Liabilities and Related Disclosures Refer to Notes 1 and 7 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company owns and operates four cost-based rate-regulated utilities for which rates are set by regulators to enable the regulated utility to recover the costs of providing electric or gas service, as applicable, and to provide a reasonable return to shareholders. As a result, the financial statements are subject to the accounting for certain types of regulation as prescribed by generally accepted accounting principles and reflect the effects of regulatory actions. 66 Table of Contents Regulatory assets are recognized for the effect of transactions or events where future recovery of underlying costs is probable in regulated customer rates. The effect of such accounting is to defer certain or qualifying costs that would otherwise currently be charged to expense. Regulatory liabilities are recognized for amounts expected to be returned through future regulated customer rates. The accounting for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities is based on specific ratemaking decisions or precedent for each transaction or event. While the Company has indicated that it expects to recover costs from customers through regulated rates, there is a risk that the regulators will not approve full recovery of and return on such costs or approve recovery on a timely basis in future regulatory decisions. We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management in continually assessing whether the regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities are probable of future recovery or refund by considering factors such as changes in the applicable regulatory environments, the ability to recover costs through regulated rates, and recent rate orders. Auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation due to its inherent complexities. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the uncertainty of future decisions by regulatory commissions included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of management's internal controls over evaluating the likelihood of recovery or refund in future rates of costs deferred as regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities. We tested the effectiveness of management's internal controls over the recognition of amounts as regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates or of a future reduction in rates. We obtained and read relevant regulatory orders issued by the regulatory commissions for the Company and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. We evaluated the Company's disclosures related to the impacts of rate-regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Morristown, New Jersey February 20, 2026 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 67 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareowner and the Board of Directors of PPL Electric Utilities Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PPL Electric Utilities Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Regulatory Assets and Regulatory Liabilities Impact of Rate-Regulation on Regulatory Assets and Regulatory Liabilities and Related Disclosures Refer to Notes 1 and 7 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, PPL Electric Utilities Company (PPL Electric) is a cost-based rate-regulated utility for which rates are set by regulators to enable the regulated utility to recover the costs of providing electric service and to provide a reasonable return to shareholders. As a result, the financial statements are subject to the accounting for certain types of regulation as prescribed by generally accepted accounting principles and reflect the effects of regulatory actions. 68 Table of Contents Regulatory assets are recognized for the effect of transactions or events where future recovery of underlying costs is probable in regulated customer rates. The effect of such accounting is to defer certain or qualifying costs that would otherwise currently be charged to expense. Regulatory liabilities are recognized for amounts expected to be returned through future regulated customer rates. The accounting for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities is based on specific ratemaking decisions or precedent for each transaction or event. While PPL Electric has indicated that it expects to recover costs from customers through regulated rates, there is a risk that the regulators will not approve full recovery of and return on such costs or approve recovery on a timely basis in future regulatory decisions. We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management in continually assessing whether the regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities are probable of future recovery or refund by considering factors such as changes in the applicable regulatory environments, the ability to recover costs through regulated rates, and recent rate orders. Auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation due to its inherent complexities. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the uncertainty of future decisions by regulatory commissions included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of management's internal controls over evaluating the likelihood of recovery or refund in future rates of costs deferred as regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities. We tested the effectiveness of management's internal controls over the recognition of amounts as regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates or of a future reduction in rates. We obtained and read relevant regulatory orders issued by the regulatory commissions for PPL Electric and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. We evaluated PPL Electric's disclosures related to the impacts of rate-regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Morristown, New Jersey February 20, 2026 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 69 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholder and the Board of Directors of Louisville Gas and Electric Company Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Louisville Gas and Electric Company (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related statements of income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Regulatory Assets and Regulatory Liabilities Impact of Rate-Regulation on Regulatory Assets and Regulatory Liabilities and Related Disclosures Refer to Notes 1 and 7 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, Louisville Gas and Electric Company (LG E) is a cost-based rate-regulated utility for which rates are set by regulators to enable the regulated utility to recover the costs of providing electric or gas service, as applicable, and to provide a reasonable return to shareholders. As a result, the financial statements are subject to the accounting for certain types of regulation as prescribed by generally accepted accounting principles and reflect the effects of regulatory actions. Regulatory assets are recognized for the effect of transactions or events where future recovery of underlying costs is probable in regulated customer rates. The effect of such accounting is to defer certain or qualifying costs that would otherwise currently be charged to expense. Regulatory liabilities are recognized for amounts expected to be returned through future regulated customer rates. The accounting for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities is based on specific ratemaking decisions or precedent for each transaction or event. While LG E has indicated that it expects to recover costs from customers through regulated rates, there is a risk that the regulators will not approve full recovery of and return on such costs or approve recovery on a timely basis in future regulatory decisions. 70 Table of Contents We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management in continually assessing whether the regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities are probable of future recovery or refund by considering factors such as changes in the applicable regulatory environments, the ability to recover costs through regulated rates, and recent rate orders. Auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation due to its inherent complexities. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the uncertainty of future decisions by regulatory commissions included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of management's internal controls over evaluating the likelihood of recovery or refund in future rates of costs deferred as regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities. We tested the effectiveness of management's internal controls over the recognition of amounts as regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates or of a future reduction in rates. We obtained and read relevant regulatory orders issued by the regulatory commissions for LG E and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. We evaluated LG E's disclosures related to the impacts of rate-regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Louisville, Kentucky February 20, 2026 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 71 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholder and the Board of Directors of Kentucky Utilities Company Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Kentucky Utilities Company (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related statements of income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Regulatory Assets and Regulatory Liabilities Impact of Rate-Regulation on Regulatory Assets and Regulatory Liabilities and Related Disclosures Refer to Notes 1 and 7 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, Kentucky Utilities Company (KU) is a cost-based rate-regulated utility for which rates are set by regulators to enable the regulated utility to recover the costs of providing electric service and to provide a reasonable return to shareholders. As a result, the financial statements are subject to the accounting for certain types of regulation as prescribed by generally accepted accounting principles and reflect the effects of regulatory actions. Regulatory assets are recognized for the effect of transactions or events where future recovery of underlying costs is probable in regulated customer rates. The effect of such accounting is to defer certain or qualifying costs that would otherwise currently be charged to expense. Regulatory liabilities are recognized for amounts expected to be returned through future regulated customer rates. The accounting for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities is based on specific ratemaking decisions or precedent for each transaction or event. While KU has indicated that it expects to recover costs from customers through regulated rates, there is a risk that the regulators will not approve full recovery of and return on such costs or approve recovery on a timely basis in future regulatory decisions. 72 Table of Contents We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management in continually assessing whether the regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities are probable of future recovery or refund by considering factors such as changes in the applicable regulatory environments, the ability to recover costs through regulated rates, and recent rate orders. Auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation due to its inherent complexities. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the uncertainty of future decisions by regulatory commissions included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of management's internal controls over evaluating the likelihood of recovery or refund in future rates of costs deferred as regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities. We tested the effectiveness of management's internal controls over the recognition of amounts as regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates or of a future reduction in rates. We obtained and read relevant regulatory orders issued by the regulatory commissions for KU and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. We evaluated KU's disclosures related to the impacts of rate-regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Louisville, Kentucky February 20, 2026 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 73 Table of Contents (THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.) 74 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, PPL Corporation and Subsidiaries (Millions of Dollars, except share data) 2025 2024 2023 Operating Revenues $ 9,042 $ 8,462 $ 8,312 Operating Expenses Operation Fuel 855 783 733 Energy purchases 1,892 1,679 1,841 Other operation and maintenance 2,431 2,607 2,462 Depreciation 1,312 1,279 1,254 Taxes, other than income 423 374 392 Total Operating Expenses 6,913 6,722 6,682 Operating Income 2,129 1,740 1,630 Other Income (Expense) - net (Note 14) 151 114 ( 40 ) Interest Expense 808 738 666 Income Before Income Taxes 1,472 1,116 924 Income Taxes 291 228 184 Net Income $ 1,181 $ 888 $ 740 Earnings Per Share of Common Stock: Net Income Available to PPL Common Shareowners: Basic $ 1.60 $ 1.20 $ 1.00 Diluted $ 1.59 $ 1.20 $ 1.00 Weighted-Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding (in thousands) Basic 739,406 737,756 737,036 Diluted 743,348 739,853 738,166 The accompanying Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of the financial statements. 75 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, PPL Corporation and Subsidiaries (Millions of Dollars) 2025 2024 2023 Net income $ 1,181 $ 888 $ 740 Other comprehensive income (loss): Amounts arising during the period - gains (losses), net of tax (expense) benefit: Qualifying derivatives, net of tax of ($ 1 ), $ 0 , $ 0 1 Equity investees' other comprehensive income (loss), net tax of $ 0 , $ 0 , $ 0 ( 1 ) 1 1 Defined benefit plans: Net actuarial gain (loss), net of tax of $ 7 , $ 8 , $ 15 ( 20 ) ( 22 ) ( 41 ) Reclassifications to net income - (gains) losses, net of tax expense (benefit): Qualifying derivatives, net of tax of ($ 1 ), $ 0 , $ 0 2 3 3 Defined benefit plans: Prior service costs, net of tax of $ 0 , $ 0 , ($ 1 ) 1 1 1 Net actuarial (gain) loss, net of tax of $ 1 , $ 0 , $ 0 ( 1 ) ( 4 ) ( 3 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ( 18 ) ( 21 ) ( 39 ) Comprehensive income $ 1,163 $ 867 $ 701 The accompanying Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of the financial statements. 76 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, PPL Corporation and Subsidiaries (Millions of Dollars) 2025 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income $ 1,181 $ 888 $ 740 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation 1,312 1,279 1,254 Amortization 104 78 81 Defined benefit plans - income ( 57 ) ( 72 ) ( 73 ) Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits 192 196 322 Stock compensation expense 49 46 33 Equity component of AFUDC ( 81 ) ( 47 ) ( 30 ) Other 8 30 1 Change in current assets and current liabilities Accounts receivable ( 207 ) 254 ( 170 ) Accounts payable ( 12 ) ( 41 ) ( 72 ) Unbilled revenues ( 73 ) ( 57 ) 128 Fuel, materials and supplies ( 28 ) ( 2 ) ( 60 ) Prepayments 43 ( 34 ) 1 Taxes payable 87 ( 27 ) 6 Regulatory assets and liabilities, net 162 ( 68 ) ( 37 ) Accrued interest 38 33 27 Other ( 4 ) ( 65 ) 38 Other operating activities Defined benefit plans - funding ( 12 ) ( 10 ) ( 13 ) Proceeds from transfer of excess benefit plan funds 13 Other assets ( 138 ) ( 96 ) ( 69 ) Other liabilities 65 42 ( 349 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 2,629 2,340 1,758 Cash Flows from Investing Activities Expenditures for property, plant and equipment ( 4,030 ) ( 2,805 ) ( 2,390 ) Other investing activities 26 ( 13 ) 7 Net cash used in investing activities ( 4,004 ) ( 2,818 ) ( 2,383 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Issuance of long-term debt 3,045 1,894 3,252 Retirement of long-term debt ( 616 ) ( 1,854 ) Payment of common stock dividends ( 794 ) ( 747 ) ( 704 ) Issuance of treasury stock 401 2 5 Net increase (decrease) in short-term debt 153 ( 689 ) 7 Debt issuance costs ( 41 ) ( 19 ) ( 46 ) Other financing activities ( 26 ) ( 6 ) ( 10 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 2,122 435 650 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 747 ( 43 ) 25 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at Beginning of Period 339 382 357 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at End of Period $ 1,086 $ 339 $ 382 Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information Cash paid (received) during the period for: Interest - net of amount capitalized $ 745 $ 670 $ 604 Income taxes - net $ 93 $ ( 123 ) $ 281 Significant non-cash transactions: Accrued expenditures for property, plant and equipment at December 31, $ 630 $ 358 $ 220 The accompanying Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of the financial statements. 77 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AT DECEMBER 31, PPL Corporation and Subsidiaries (Millions of Dollars, shares in thousands) 2025 2024 Assets Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,071 $ 306 Accounts receivable (less reserve: 2025, $ 133 ; 2024, $ 147 ) Customer 1,108 961 Other 117 76 Unbilled revenues (less reserve: 2025, $ 6 ; 2024, $ 6 ) 558 485 Fuel, materials and supplies 551 511 Prepayments 106 136 Regulatory assets 308 320 Other current assets 112 85 Total Current Assets 3,931 2,880 Property, Plant and Equipment Regulated utility plant 42,953 40,391 Less: accumulated depreciation - regulated utility plant 10,303 9,682 Regulated utility plant, net 32,650 30,709 Non-regulated property, plant and equipment 71 79 Less: accumulated depreciation - non-regulated property, plant and equipment 26 29 Non-regulated property, plant and equipment, net 45 50 Construction work in progress 3,437 2,390 Property, Plant and Equipment, net 36,132 33,149 Other Noncurrent Assets Regulatory assets 2,092 2,060 Goodwill 2,247 2,247 Other intangibles 327 314 Other noncurrent assets (less reserve for accounts receivable: 2025, $ 1 ; 2024, $ 1 ) 515 419 Total Other Noncurrent Assets 5,181 5,040 Total Assets $ 45,244 $ 41,069 The accompanying Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of the financial statements. 78 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AT DECEMBER 31, PPL Corporation and Subsidiaries (Millions of Dollars, shares in thousands) 2025 2024 Liabilities and Equity Current Liabilities Short-term debt $ 456 $ 303 Long-term debt due within one year 904 551 Accounts payable 1,559 1,196 Taxes 190 103 Interest 195 157 Dividends 198 186 Regulatory liabilities 376 223 Other current liabilities 668 614 Total Current Liabilities 4,546 3,333 Long-term Debt 17,990 15,952 Deferred Credits and Other Noncurrent Liabilities Deferred income taxes 3,506 3,356 Investment tax credits 109 111 Accrued pension obligations 281 317 Asset retirement obligations 133 136 Regulatory liabilities 3,318 3,335 Other deferred credits and noncurrent liabilities 480 452 Total Deferred Credits and Other Noncurrent Liabilities 7,827 7,707 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Notes 7 and 12) Equity Common stock - $ 0.01 par value (a) 8 8 Additional paid-in capital 12,443 12,346 Treasury stock ( 575 ) ( 928 ) Earnings reinvested 3,207 2,835 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 202 ) ( 184 ) Total Equity 14,881 14,077 Total Liabilities and Equity $ 45,244 $ 41,069 (a) 1,560,000 shares authorized; 770,978 shares issued and 751,041 shares outstanding at December 31, 2025. 1,560,000 shares authorized; 770,215 shares issued and 738,033 shares outstanding at December 31, 2024. The accompanying Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of the financial statements. 79 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY PPL Corporation and Subsidiaries (Millions of Dollars) Common stock shares outstanding (a) Common stock Additional paid-in capital Treasury Stock Earnings reinvested Accumulated other comprehensive loss Noncontrolling interest Total December 31, 2022 736,487 $ 8 $ 12,317 $ ( 967 ) $ 2,681 $ ( 124 ) $ 3 $ 13,918 Treasury stock issued 643 4 19 23 Stock-based compensation 5 5 Net income 740 740 Dividends and dividend equivalents (b) ( 711 ) ( 711 ) Preferred stock ( 3 ) ( 3 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ( 39 ) ( 39 ) December 31, 2023 737,130 $ 8 $ 12,326 $ ( 948 ) $ 2,710 $ ( 163 ) $ $ 13,933 Common stock issued 202 Treasury stock issued 701 7 20 27 Stock-based compensation 13 13 Net income 888 888 Dividends and dividend equivalents (b) ( 763 ) ( 763 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ( 21 ) ( 21 ) December 31, 2024 738,033 $ 8 $ 12,346 $ ( 928 ) $ 2,835 $ ( 184 ) $ $ 14,077 Common stock issued 763 26 26 Treasury stock issued 12,245 67 353 420 Stock-based compensation 4 4 Net income 1,181 1,181 Dividends and dividend equivalents (b) ( 809 ) ( 809 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ( 18 ) ( 18 ) December 31, 2025 751,041 $ 8 $ 12,443 $ ( 575 ) $ 3,207 $ ( 202 ) $ $ 14,881 (a) Shares in thousands. Each share entitles the holder to one vote on any question presented at any shareowners' meeting. (b) Dividends declared per share of common stock at December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 were: $ 1.09 , $ 1.03 and $ 0.96 . The accompanying Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of the financial statements. 80 Table of Contents (THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.) 81 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, PPL Electric Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries (Millions of Dollars) 2025 2024 2023 Operating Revenues $ 3,113 $ 2,876 $ 3,008 Operating Expenses Operation Energy purchases 876 721 992 Other operation and maintenance 630 705 605 Depreciation 413 401 397 Taxes, other than income 151 131 143 Total Operating Expenses 2,070 1,958 2,137 Operating Income 1,043 918 871 Other Income (Expense) - net (Note 14) 48 45 39 Interest Income from Affiliate 9 33 Interest Expense 257 246 223 Income Before Income Taxes 843 750 687 Income Taxes 204 176 168 Net Income (a) $ 639 $ 574 $ 519 (a) Net income equals comprehensive income. The accompanying Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of the financial statements. 82 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, PPL Electric Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries (Millions of Dollars) 2025 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income $ 639 $ 574 $ 519 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation 413 401 397 Amortization 48 45 41 Defined benefit plans - income ( 29 ) ( 39 ) ( 42 ) Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits 24 129 46 Equity component of AFUDC ( 30 ) ( 23 ) ( 16 ) Other 4 24 ( 8 ) Change in current assets and current liabilities Accounts receivable ( 142 ) 89 ( 78 ) Accounts payable 99 64 13 Unbilled revenues ( 50 ) ( 10 ) 75 Materials and supplies ( 40 ) 6 ( 30 ) Prepayments 49 ( 32 ) 2 Regulatory assets and liabilities, net 67 ( 101 ) ( 38 ) Taxes payable 45 ( 49 ) 15 Accrued interest 11 12 8 Other ( 8 ) ( 25 ) 9 Other operating activities Defined benefit plans - funding ( 5 ) Other assets ( 50 ) ( 32 ) 3 Other liabilities 9 1 Net cash provided by operating activities 1,050 1,042 912 Cash Flows from Investing Activities Expenditures for property, plant and equipment ( 1,608 ) ( 1,229 ) ( 956 ) Expenditures for intangible assets ( 12 ) ( 9 ) ( 6 ) Net (increase) decrease in notes receivable from affiliate 79 ( 222 ) Other investing activities 38 5 4 Net cash used in investing activities ( 1,503 ) ( 1,455 ) ( 958 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Issuance of long-term debt 496 649 1,329 Retirement of long-term debt ( 1,240 ) Contributions from parent 540 688 206 Payment of common stock dividends to parent ( 401 ) ( 375 ) ( 323 ) Return of capital to parent ( 170 ) ( 60 ) ( 250 ) Net increase (decrease) in short-term debt ( 509 ) 364 Debt issuance costs ( 6 ) ( 7 ) ( 14 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 459 386 72 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 6 ( 27 ) 26 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at Beginning of Period 24 51 25 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at End of Period $ 30 $ 24 $ 51 Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information Cash paid during the period for: Interest - net of amount capitalized $ 236 $ 224 $ 205 Income taxes - net $ 129 $ 83 $ 92 Significant non-cash transactions: Accrued expenditures for property, plant and equipment at December 31, $ 213 $ 173 $ 122 The accompanying Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of the financial statements. 83 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AT DECEMBER 31, PPL Electric Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries (Millions of Dollars, shares in thousands) 2025 2024 Assets Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 30 $ 24 Accounts receivable (less reserve: 2025, $ 34 ; 2024, $ 37 ) Customer 450 353 Other 29 8 Accounts receivable from affiliates 7 10 Notes receivable from affiliate 143 222 Unbilled revenues (less reserve: 2025, $ 4 ; 2024, $ 3 ) 209 159 Materials and supplies 151 104 Prepayments 38 74 Regulatory assets 112 133 Other current assets 46 30 Total Current Assets 1,215 1,117 Property, Plant and Equipment Regulated utility plant 17,476 16,469 Less: accumulated depreciation - regulated utility plant 4,124 4,052 Regulated utility plant, net 13,352 12,417 Construction work in progress 1,216 898 Property, Plant and Equipment, net 14,568 13,315 Other Noncurrent Assets Regulatory assets 725 673 Intangibles 282 274 Other noncurrent assets (less reserve for accounts receivable: 2025, $ 1 ; 2024, $ 1 ) 96 96 Total Other Noncurrent Assets 1,103 1,043 Total Assets $ 16,886 $ 15,475 The accompanying Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of the financial statements. 84 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AT DECEMBER 31, PPL Electric Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries (Millions of Dollars, shares in thousands) 2025 2024 Liabilities and Equity Current Liabilities Accounts payable $ 690 $ 565 Accounts payable to affiliates 54 44 Taxes 47 2 Interest 66 55 Customer deposits 92 25 Regulatory liabilities 103 57 Other current liabilities 58 58 Total Current Liabilities 1,110 806 Long-term Debt 5,707 5,214 Deferred Credits and Other Noncurrent Liabilities Deferred income taxes 1,781 1,726 Regulatory liabilities 828 839 Other deferred credits and noncurrent liabilities 122 160 Total Deferred Credits and Other Noncurrent Liabilities 2,731 2,725 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Notes 7 and 12) Equity Common stock - no par value (a) 364 364 Additional paid-in capital 5,038 4,668 Earnings reinvested 1,936 1,698 Total Equity 7,338 6,730 Total Liabilities and Equity $ 16,886 $ 15,475 (a) 170,000 shares authorized; 66,368 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 . The accompanying Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of the financial statements. 85 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY PPL Electric Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries (Millions of Dollars) Common stock shares outstanding (a) Common stock Additional paid-in capital Earnings reinvested Total December 31, 2022 66,368 $ 364 $ 4,084 $ 1,303 $ 5,751 Net income 519 519 Capital contributions from parent 206 206 Return of capital to parent ( 250 ) ( 250 ) Dividends declared ( 323 ) ( 323 ) December 31, 2023 66,368 $ 364 $ 4,040 $ 1,499 $ 5,903 Net income 574 574 Capital contributions from parent 688 688 Return of capital to parent ( 60 ) ( 60 ) Dividends declared ( 375 ) ( 375 ) December 31, 2024 66,368 $ 364 $ 4,668 $ 1,698 $ 6,730 Net income 639 639 Capital contributions from parent 540 540 Return of capital to parent ( 170 ) ( 170 ) Dividends declared ( 401 ) ( 401 ) December 31, 2025 66,368 $ 364 $ 5,038 $ 1,936 $ 7,338 (a) Shares in thousands. All common shares of PPL Electric stock are owned by PPL. The accompanying Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of the financial statements. 86 Table of Contents (THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.) 87 Table of Contents STATEMENTS OF INCOME FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, Louisville Gas and Electric Company (Millions of Dollars) 2025 2024 2023 Operating Revenues Retail and wholesale $ 1,718 $ 1,617 $ 1,580 Electric revenue from affiliate 30 31 33 Total Operating Revenues 1,748 1,648 1,613 Operating Expenses Operation Fuel 338 308 286 Energy purchases 187 151 168 Energy purchases from affiliate 22 20 12 Other operation and maintenance 364 349 364 Depreciation 307 305 302 Taxes, other than income 51 49 48 Total Operating Expenses 1,269 1,182 1,180 Operating Income 479 466 433 Other Income (Expense) - net (Note 14) 24 12 3 Interest Income from Affiliate 1 1 Interest Expense 116 105 102 Income Before Income Taxes 387 374 335 Income Taxes 78 77 69 Net Income (a) $ 309 $ 297 $ 266 (a) Net income equals comprehensive income. The accompanying Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of the financial statements. 88 Table of Contents STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, Louisville Gas and Electric Company (Millions of Dollars) 2025 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income $ 309 $ 297 $ 266 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Depreciation 307 305 302 Amortization 24 16 14 Equity component of AFUDC ( 16 ) ( 8 ) ( 3 ) Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits ( 9 ) 6 ( 14 ) Other 6 2 ( 4 ) Change in current assets and current liabilities Accounts receivable ( 10 ) (