=== ALL_2026-02-20.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors’’. A more detailed discussion of investments is presented in the Investments section of the MD&A and Note 6 of the consolidated financial statements. Impairment of fixed income securities with credit losses For fixed income securities classified as available-for-sale, the difference between amortized cost, net of credit loss allowance (“amortized cost, net”) and fair value, net of certain other items and deferred income taxes (as disclosed in Note 6 of the consolidated financial statements), is reported as a component of AOCI on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and is not reflected in the operating results of any period until reclassified to net income upon the consummation of a transaction with an unrelated third party or when a credit loss allowance is recorded. We have a comprehensive portfolio monitoring process to identify and evaluate each fixed income security that may require a credit loss allowance. For each fixed income security in an unrealized loss position, we assess whether management with the appropriate authority has made the decision to sell or whether it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis for reasons such as liquidity, contractual or regulatory purposes. If a security meets either of these criteria, any existing credit loss allowance would be written-off against the amortized cost basis of the asset along with any remaining unrealized losses, with the incremental losses recorded in earnings. If we have not made the decision to sell the fixed income security and it is not more likely than not we will be required to sell the fixed income security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, we evaluate whether we expect to receive cash flows sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. We calculate the estimated recovery value based on the best estimate of future cash flows considering past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The estimated future cash flows are discounted at the security’s current effective rate and are compared to the amortized cost of the security. The determination of cash flow estimates is inherently subjective, and methodologies may vary depending on facts and circumstances specific to the security. All reasonably available information relevant to the collectability of the security are considered when developing the estimate of cash flows expected to be collected. That information generally includes, but is not limited to, as applicable, the remaining payment terms of the security, prepayment speeds, 76 www.allstate.com 2025 Form 10-K Application of Critical Accounting Estimates the financial condition and future earnings potential of the issue or issuer, expected defaults, expected recoveries, the value of underlying collateral, origination vintage year, geographic concentration of underlying collateral, available reserves or escrows, current subordination levels, third-party guarantees and other credit enhancements. Other information, such as industry analyst reports and forecasts, sector credit ratings, and other market data relevant to the realizability of contractual cash flows, may also be considered. The estimated fair value of collateral will be used to estimate recovery value if we determine that the security is dependent on the liquidation of collateral for ultimate settlement. If we do not expect to receive cash flows sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the fixed income security, a credit loss allowance is recorded in earnings for the shortfall in expected cash flows; however, the amortized cost, net of the credit loss allowance, may not be lower than the fair value of the security. The portion of the unrealized loss related to factors other than credit remains classified in AOCI. If we determine that the fixed income security does not have sufficient cash flow or other information to estimate a recovery value for the security, we may conclude that the entire decline in fair value is deemed to be credit related and the loss is recorded in earnings. When a security is sold or otherwise disposed or the security is deemed uncollectible and written off, we reverse amounts previously recognized in the credit loss allowance. Recoveries after write-offs are recognized when received. For additional detail on investment impairments, see Note 6 of the consolidated financial statements. Evaluation of goodwill Goodwill impairment testing The Company performs its annual goodwill impairment testing at the reporting unit level during the fourth quarter of each year based upon data as of the close of the third quarter. Goodwill impairment is measured and recognized as the amount by which a reporting unit’s carrying value, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. The Company also reviews goodwill for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as deteriorating or adverse market conditions, indicate that it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of the reporting unit including goodwill may exceed the fair value of the reporting unit. Fair value estimation process Estimating the fair value of reporting units is subjective and involves the use of significant estimates by management. Changes in market inputs or other events impacting the fair value of these businesses could result in goodwill impairments, resulting in a charge to income. Key factors influencing market inputs include changes in: (1) discount rates; (2) operating results; (3) investment returns; (4) strategies; and (5) growth rate assumptions, including the risk of loss of key customers in the Protection Services segment. Some reporting units comprise both legacy and acquired businesses, resulting in substantial internally generated and unrecognized intangibles and fair values that significantly exceed their carrying values. Valuation techniques Upon acquisition, the purchase price of the acquired business is assumed to be its fair value. Subsequently, we estimate the fair value of our businesses in each goodwill reporting unit by utilizing a combination of these widely accepted valuation techniques: • Stock price and market capitalization analysis take into consideration the quoted market price of our outstanding common stock and includes a control premium, derived from relevant historical acquisition activity, in determining the estimated fair value of the consolidated entity before allocating that fair value to individual reporting units. • Discounted cash flow analysis utilizes long term assumptions for revenues, investment income, benefits, claims, other operating expenses and income taxes to produce projections of both income and cash flows available for dividends that are present valued using the weighted average cost of capital. • Market to book multiples represent the mean market to book multiple for selected peer companies with operations similar to each goodwill reporting unit to which the multiple is applied. The outputs from these methods are weighted based on the nature of the business and the relative amount of market observable assumptions supporting the estimates. The computed values are then weighted to reflect the fair value estimate based on the specific attributes of each goodwill reporting unit. For additional detail on goodwill, see Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements. Reserve for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense estimation Reserves are established to provide for the estimated costs of paying claims and claims expenses under insurance policies we have issued. These reserves are an estimate of amounts necessary to settle all outstanding claims, including estimates of all expenses associated with processing and settling incurred claims as of the financial statement date. Auto and homeowners liability losses generally take an average of about two years to settle, while auto physical damage, homeowners property and other personal lines generally have an average settlement time of less than one year. Liability losses, especially those involving litigation, can take many years to resolve. Run-off Property-Liability involves long-tail losses, such as those related to asbestos and environmental claims, which often involve substantial reporting lags and extended times to settle. Estimating the ultimate cost of claims and claims expenses is an inherently uncertain and complex process involving a high degree of judgment and is subject to the evaluation of numerous variables. The Allstate Corporation 77 2025 Form 10-K Application of Critical Accounting Estimates Underwriting results are significantly influenced by estimates of property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense reserves. The actuarial methods used to develop reserve estimates Reserve estimates are derived by using several different actuarial estimation methods that are mostly variations on one primary actuarial technique known as a “chain ladder” estimation process. In this process, historical loss patterns are applied to actual paid losses and reported losses (paid losses plus individual case reserves established by claim adjusters) for an accident year or a report year to create an estimate of how losses are likely to develop over time. In the chain ladder estimation technique, development factors are calculated which compare current period results to results in the prior period for each accident year or report year. The effects of inflation are implicitly considered in the reserving process, as development factors use historic data that incorporates inflation from recent prior periods in estimating future loss costs. The estimation methodology may require modification when data changes due to changing claim reporting practices, changing claim settlement patterns, external regulatory or financial influences, or contractual coverage changes. Changes in such items and inflation can result in increased variability in loss costs and reserve estimates. Actuarial judgment is then applied to develop a best estimate of gross ultimate losses. These developments are discussed further in the loss ratio disclosures within the Allstate Protection Segment and the Reserve for Property and Casualty Insurance Claims and Claims Expense sections of the MD&A. See the Run-off Property-Liability reserve estimates section for specific disclosures of industry and actuarial best practices for this segment. How reserve estimates are established and updated Reserve estimates are developed at a detailed level, and the results are aggregated to form a consolidated reserve estimate. The detailed estimates include each line of insurance, major components of losses (such as coverages and perils), major states or groups of states for reported losses and IBNR. The significant lines of business are auto, homeowners, and other personal lines for Allstate Protection, and asbestos, environmental, and other run-off lines for Run-off Property-Liability. Reserves are established for each business segment and line of business, independently of business segment management. Development factors are calculated for data elements such as claim counts reported and settled, paid losses, and paid losses combined with case reserves. The historical development patterns for these data elements are used to calculate reserve estimates. Based on this review, our best estimate of required reserves is recorded. Reserves are reestimated quarterly and periodically throughout the year, by combining historical results with current actual results to calculate new development factors. This process incorporates the historic and latest actual trends, and other underlying changes in the data elements used to calculate reserve estimates. New development factors are likely to differ from previous development factors used in prior reserve estimates because actual results occur differently than the assumptions contained in the previous development factor calculations. When actual development of these data elements is different than the historical development pattern used in a prior period reserve estimate, a new reserve is determined. The difference between indicated reserves based on new reserve estimates and recorded reserves (the previous estimate) is the amount of reserve reestimate. This amount, which could be material and vary significantly from period to period, is recognized as an increase or decrease in Property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. A more detailed discussion of reserve reestimates is presented in the Reserve for Property and Casualty Insurance Claims and Claims Expense section of the MD&A. Net reserves by segment and line of business As of December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Allstate Protection Auto $ 23,221 $ 23,076 $ 21,286 Homeowners 4,349 4,520 4,754 Other lines 4,003 4,250 3,929 Total Allstate Protection 31,573 31,846 29,969 Run-off Property-Liability Asbestos 769 774 804 Environmental 247 259 267 Other run-off lines 416 381 373 Total Run-off Property-Liability 1,432 1,414 1,444 Total Protection Services 62 55 49 Total net reserves $ 33,067 $ 33,315 $ 31,462 78 www.allstate.com 2025 Form 10-K Application of Critical Accounting Estimates Reserve reestimates ($ in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Reserve reestimates, after-tax (1) $ (1,429) $ (243) $ 434 Percentage impact on net income (loss) applicable to common shareholders - favorable (unfavorable) 14.1 % 5.3 % NM (1) Reserve releases are shown in parentheses. 3-year average of net reserve reestimates as a percentage of total reserves for its segment (1) (2) 2025 Allstate Protection (2.0) % Run-off Property-Liability 7.2 % (1) Reserve releases are shown in parentheses. (2) Each of these results is consistent within a reasonable actuarial tolerance for the respective businesses. Allstate Protection reserve estimate Factors affecting reserve estimates Generally, reserves are informed by analysis of historical relationships to relevant loss development indicators such as inflation. These relationships guide the initial reserve setting for a new report year or accident year using actual claim frequency and severity assumptions across business segments, lines and coverages. For prior report years or accident years, reserve estimates are developed using similar historical relationships and statistical processes on holistic loss costs. These estimates are considered in conjunction with known facts and interpretations of circumstances, including our experience with similar cases, actual claims paid, historical trends involving claim payment patterns and pending levels of unpaid claims, loss management programs, product mix and contractual terms, changes in laws and regulations, judicial decisions and economic conditions. Changes in auto claim frequency may result from changes in mix of business, driving behaviors, miles driven or other macroeconomic factors. Changes in auto current year claim severity are generally influenced by inflation in the medical and auto repair sectors, changes in attorney represented and litigated claim behavior, the effectiveness and efficiency of our claim settlements and changes in mix of claim types. Injury claims are affected largely by medical inflation, treatment trends, attorney representation and litigation costs, while physical damage claims are affected largely by auto repair cost inflation, used car prices, length of claim resolution and the timing of receipt of third-party carrier claims. Changes in homeowners current year claim severity are generally influenced by inflation in the cost of building materials, the cost of construction and property repair services, the cost of replacing home furnishings and other contents, the types of claims that qualify for coverage, deductibles, other economic and environmental factors and the effectiveness of our claim practices. As loss experience for the current year develops for each type of loss, it is monitored relative to initial assumptions until it is judged to have sufficient statistical credibility. From that point in time forward, reserves are reestimated using statistical actuarial processes to reflect the impact actual loss trends have on development factors incorporated into the actuarial estimation processes. Loss experience and reserve variability are impacted by many factors, including but not limited to: • Supply chain disruptions and labor shortages, changes in used car prices, labor and part cost increases, unemployment levels, changes in commuting activity and driving behavior have and may continue to lead to historical development trends being less predictive of future loss development, potentially creating additional reserve variability. • If a legal change is expected to have a significant impact on the development of claim severity for a coverage which is part of a particular line of insurance in a specific state, judgment is applied to determine appropriate development factors that will most accurately reflect the expected impact on that specific estimate. • If a change in economic conditions, including the impacts from existing or future U.S. tariffs, is expected to affect the cost of repairs or replacement of damaged autos or property for a particular line, coverage, or state, actuarial judgment is applied to determine appropriate development factors to use in the reserve estimate that will most accurately reflect the expected impacts on severity development. Causes of reserve estimate uncertainty At each reporting date, the highest degree of uncertainty in estimates for most of our losses from ongoing businesses arises from claims remaining to be settled for the current accident year and the most recent preceding accident year. The greatest degree of uncertainty exists in the current accident year because the current accident year contains the greatest proportion of losses that have not been reported or settled as well as heightened uncertainty for claims that involve litigation or take longer to settle during periods of rapidly increasing loss costs but must be estimated as of the current reporting date. Most of these losses relate to damaged property such as automobiles and homes, and payments related to injuries from accidents. During the first year after the end of an accident year, a large portion of the total losses for that accident year are settled. When accident year losses paid through the end of the first year following the initial accident year are incorporated into updated actuarial estimates, the trends inherent in the settlement of claims emerge more clearly. After the second year, the losses that we pay for an accident year typically relate to claims that are more difficult to settle, such as those involving serious injuries or litigation. Private passenger auto insurance provides a good illustration of the uncertainty of future loss estimates: our typical annual percentage payout of reserves remaining at December 31 for an accident year is approximately 50% in the first year after the end The Allstate Corporation 79 2025 Form 10-K Application of Critical Accounting Estimates of the accident year, 20% in the second year, 10% in the third year, 10% in the fourth year, and the remaining 10% thereafter. Potential variability in reserve estimates Reserve estimates, by their nature, are very complex to determine, subject to significant judgment, may be subject to litigation and represent estimates rather than an exact determination for each outstanding claim, including claims incurred but not reported. Accordingly, as actual claims, paid losses, and case reserve results emerge, our estimate of the ultimate cost to settle will differ from previous estimates. The reserve liability recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position represents the aggregation of numerous analyses by each business segment, line of insurance, major types of losses (such as coverages and perils), and individual states or groups of states for reported losses and IBNR. Because of this detailed approach to our reserve analysis, there is not a single set of assumptions that determines our reserve estimates at the consolidated level or that management believes can produce a statistically credible or reliable actuarial reserve range that would be meaningful. To develop a statistical measure of potential reserve variability, an actuarial technique (stochastic modeling) is applied to the countrywide data for paid losses combined with case reserves for each of auto liability, auto physical damage and homeowners insurance excluding catastrophes. Based on the combined historical variability of the development factors calculated for these data elements, an estimate of standard deviation around these reserve estimates is calculated within each accident year for the last twelve years for each type of loss. The variability of these reserve estimates within one standard deviation of the mean (a measure of frequency of dispersion often viewed to be an acceptable level of accuracy) is believed by management to represent a reasonable and statistically probable measure of potential variability. Based on our products and coverages, historical experience, the statistical credibility of our extensive data and stochastic modeling of actuarial methodologies used to develop reserve estimates, we have derived standard deviations and the resulting pre-tax income for Allstate Protection reserves, excluding catastrophe losses, as shown below. Reserve estimate variability December 31, 2025 ($ in millions) Carried reserves (1) Standard deviation Income effect, pre-tax Auto insurance - liability coverage $ 27,820 7.0 % $ 1,947 Auto insurance - physical damage coverage 564 19.0 107 Homeowners insurance 3,226 8.5 274 (1) Excludes reserves related to catastrophes. Although this evaluation reflects most reasonably likely outcomes, it is possible the final outcome may fall below or above these amounts. Historical variability of reserve estimates is reported in the Reserve for Property and Casualty Insurance Claims and Claims Expense section of the MD&A. Management believes that the reserve for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense, net of recoverables, is appropriately established in the aggregate and adequate to cover the ultimate net cost of reported and unreported claims arising from losses which had occurred by the date of the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position based on available facts, laws and regulations. Reserves for catastrophe losses Catastrophe losses are an inherent risk of the property and casualty insurance industry that have contributed, and will continue to contribute, to potentially material year-to-year fluctuations in our results of operations and financial position. We define a “catastrophe” as an event that produces pre-tax losses before reinsurance in excess of $1 million and involves multiple first-party policyholders, or a winter weather event that produces a number of claims in excess of a preset, per-event threshold of average claims in a specific area, occurring within a certain amount of time following the event. Catastrophes are caused by various natural events including high winds, winter storms and freezes, tornadoes, hailstorms, wildfires, tropical storms, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes and volcanoes. We are also exposed to man-made catastrophic events, such as certain types of terrorism, civil unrest, wildfires or industrial accidents. The nature and level of catastrophes in any period cannot be reliably predicted. The estimation of claims and claims expense reserves for catastrophe losses also comprises estimates of losses from reported claims and IBNR, primarily for damage to property. In general, our estimates for catastrophe reserves are based on claim adjuster inspections and the application of historical loss development factors as described above. However, depending on the nature of the catastrophe, the estimation process can be further complicated. For example, for hurricanes, complications could include the inability of insureds to promptly report losses, limitations placed on claims adjusting staff affecting their ability to inspect losses, determining whether losses are covered by our homeowners policy (generally for damage caused by wind or wind-driven rain) or specifically excluded coverage caused by flood, exposure to mold damage, and the effects of numerous other considerations. Additionally, the timing of a catastrophe in relation to other events, such as at or near the end of a financial reporting period, can affect the availability of information needed to estimate reserves for that reporting period. In these situations, we may need to adapt our practices to accommodate these circumstances in order to determine a best estimate of our losses from a catastrophe. For example, to complete estimates for certain 80 www.allstate.com 2025 Form 10-K Application of Critical Accounting Estimates areas affected by catastrophes not yet inspected by our claims adjusting staff, or where we believed our historical loss development factors were not predictive, we rely on: • Analysis of actual claim notices received compared to total PIF. • Visual, governmental and third-party information, including aerial photos, using satellites, aircrafts and drones, area observations, and data on wind speed and flood depth to the extent available. Reserves for Michigan and New Jersey unlimited PIP Claims and claims expense reserves include reserves for Michigan unlimited PIP coverage to insureds involved in qualifying motor vehicle accidents. The administration of this program is through the MCCA, a state-mandated, non-profit association of which all insurers actively writing automobile coverage in Michigan are members. The process employed to estimate MCCA covered losses involves a number of activities including the comprehensive review and interpretation of MCCA actuarial reports, other MCCA members’ reports and our PIP loss trends which have increased in severity over time. A significant portion of incurred claim reserves can be attributed to a small number of catastrophic claims, and thus a large portion of the recoverable is similarly concentrated. We conduct comprehensive claim file reviews to develop case reserve type estimates of specific claims, which inform our view of future claim development and longevity of claimants. Each year, we update the actuarial estimate of our ultimate reserves and recoverables. We report our paid and unpaid claims based on MCCA requirements. The MCCA develops its own reserving estimates based on its own reserve methodologies, which may not align with our estimations. The MCCA does not provide member companies with its estimate of a company’s claim costs. We provide similar PIP coverage in New Jersey for auto policies issued or renewed in New Jersey prior to 1991 that is administered by PLIGA. We use similar actuarial estimating techniques as for the MCCA exposures to estimate loss reserves for unlimited PIP coverage for policies covered by PLIGA. Unlimited coverage was not offered after 1991; therefore, no new claimants are being added. For additional information related to indemnification recoverables, see Item 1 - Regulation, Indemnification Programs and Note 11 of the consolidated financial statements. Run-off Property-Liability reserve estimates Characteristics of Run-off exposure Our exposure to asbestos, environmental and other run-off claims arise principally from assumed reinsurance coverage written from the 1960s through the mid-1980s, including reinsurance on primary insurance written on large U.S. companies, and from direct excess commercial insurance written from 1972 through 1985, including substantial excess general liability coverages on large U.S. companies. Additional exposure stems from direct primary commercial insurance written from the 1960s through the mid-1980s. Asbestos claims relate primarily to bodily injuries asserted by claimants who were exposed to asbestos or products containing asbestos. Environmental claims relate primarily to pollution and related clean-up costs. Other run-off claims exposures primarily relate to general liability and product liability mass tort claims, such as those for medical devices and other products, workers’ compensation claims and claims for various other coverage exposures other than asbestos and environmental. In 1986, the general liability policy form used by us and others in the property and casualty industry was amended to introduce an “absolute pollution exclusion,” which excluded coverage for environmental damage claims, and to add an asbestos exclusion. Most general liability policies issued prior to 1987 contain annual aggregate limits for product liability coverage. General liability policies issued in 1987 and thereafter contain annual aggregate limits for product liability coverage and annual aggregate limits for all coverages. Our experience to date is that these policy form changes have limited the extent of our exposure to environmental and asbestos claim risks. Our exposure to liability for asbestos, environmental and other run-off claims losses manifests differently depending on whether it arises from assumed reinsurance coverage, direct excess commercial insurance or direct primary commercial insurance. Direct excess commercial insurance and reinsurance involve coverage written by us for specific layers of protection above retentions and other insurance plans and largely has resulted in asbestos, environmental and mass tort claims. The nature of excess coverage and reinsurance provided to other insurers limits our exposure to loss to specific layers of protection in excess of policyholder retention on their primary ins

=== ALL_2026-04-29.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total number of shares purchased (1) Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (2) Maximum approximate dollar value that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (3) January 1, 2026 - January 31, 2026 Open Market Purchases 688,722 $ 199.54 688,490 February 1, 2026 - February 28, 2026 Open Market Purchases 1,192,471 $ 206.49 995,360 March 1, 2026 - March 31, 2026 Open Market Purchases 1,337,888 $ 207.98 1,335,315 Total 3,219,081 $ 205.62 3,019,165 $ 3.64 billion (1) In accordance with the terms of its equity compensation plans, Allstate acquired the following shares in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units and performance stock awards and the exercise of stock options held by employees and/or directors. The shares were acquired in satisfaction of withholding taxes due upon exercise or vesting and in payment of the exercise price of the options. January: 232 February: 197,111 March: 2,573 (2) From time to time, repurchases under our programs are executed under the terms of a pre-set trading plan meeting the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (3) On February 26, 2025, the Board of Directors authorized a common share repurchase program for $1.50 billion which was completed in February 2026. On February 4, 2026, the Board authorized a new $4.00 billion common share repurchase program through February 2028, which commenced after the $1.50 billion program was completed. Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended March 31, 2026, no director or officer who is required to file reports under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act adopted , modified or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 64 www.allstate.com Other Information Part II. Item 6. Exhibits (a) Exhibits The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Form 10-Q. Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on May 23, 2012 8-K 1-11840 3(i) May 23, 2012 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of The Allstate Corporation as amended July 14, 2023 8-K 1-11840 3.1 July 17, 2023 3.3 Certificate of Designations with respect to the Preferred Stock of the Registrant, Series H, dated August 5, 2019 8-K 1-11840 3.1 August 5, 2019 3.4 Certificate of Designations with respect to the Preferred Stock of the Registrant, Series I, dated November 6, 2019 8-K 1-11840 3.1 November 8, 2019 3.5 Certificate of Elimination with respect to the Preferred Stock, Series A, C, D, E and F of the Registrant, dated February 20, 2020 10-K 1-11840 3.6 February 21, 2020 3.6 Certificate of Elimination with respect to the Preferred Stock, Series G of the Registrant, dated May 1, 2023 10-Q 1-11840 3.6 May 3, 2023 3.7 Certificate of Designations with respect to the Preferred Stock of the Registrant, Series J, dated May 16, 2023 8-K 1-11840 3.1 May 18, 2023 4 The Allstate Corporation hereby agrees to furnish to the Commission, upon request, the instruments defining the rights of holders of each issue of long-term debt of it and its consolidated subsidiaries 10.1 Offer Letter dated February 19, 2025 to Andréa Carter X 15 Acknowledgment of awareness from Deloitte & Touche LLP, dated April 29, 2026, concerning unaudited interim financial information X 31(i) Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer X 31(i) Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer X 32 Section 1350 Certifications X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X First Quarter 2026 Form 10-Q 65 Signature Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. The Allstate Corporation (Registrant) April 29, 2026 By /s/ Eric K. Ferren Eric K. Ferren Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Authorized Signatory and Principal Accounting Officer) 66 www.allstate.com 