=== LLY_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of certain risks that could, among other things, cause our actual results to differ from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider the risks described above and under Item 1A, "Risk Factors" to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report and are expressly qualified in their entirety by the risk factors and cautionary statements included in this Annual Report. Except as is required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation to publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements to reflect events after the date of this Annual Report. Trademarks and Trade Names All trademarks or trade names referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of the company, or, to the extent trademarks or trade names belonging to other companies are referenced in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks and trade names in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are referred to without the and symbols, but such references should not be construed as any indicator that the company or, to the extent applicable, their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, the company s or their rights thereto. We do not intend the use or display of other companies trademarks and trade names to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. 4 Part I Item 1. Business Eli Lilly and Company (referred to as the company, Lilly, we, or us) was incorporated in 1901 in Indiana to succeed to the drug manufacturing business founded in Indianapolis, Indiana, in 1876 by Colonel Eli Lilly. We discover, develop, manufacture, and market products in a single business segment human pharmaceutical products. Our purpose is to unite caring with discovery to create medicines that make life better for people around the world. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative medicines. We manufacture and distribute our products through facilities in the United States (U.S.), including Puerto Rico, and in Europe and Asia. Our products are sold in approximately 90 countries. Products Our products include: Therapeutic area Products Certain Indications Cardiometabolic Health products Basaglar In collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim, a long-acting human insulin analog for the treatment of diabetes. Humalog, Humalog Mix 75/25, Humalog U-100, Humalog U-200, Humalog Mix 50/50, insulin lispro, insulin lispro protamine, and insulin lispro mix 75/25 Human insulin analogs for the treatment of diabetes. Humulin , Humulin 70/30, Humulin N, Humulin R, and Humulin U-500 Human insulins of recombinant DNA origin for the treatment of diabetes. Jardiance In collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim, for the treatment of type 2 diabetes; to reduce the risk of cardiovascular death in adult patients with type 2 diabetes and established cardiovascular disease; to reduce the risk of cardiovascular death and hospitalizations for heart failure in adults; and to reduce the risk of sustained decline in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), end-stage kidney disease, cardiovascular death and hospitalization in adults with chronic kidney disease (CKD) at risk of progression. Mounjaro A glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, for the treatment of adults with type 2 diabetes in combination with diet and exercise to improve glycemic control. Trulicit y For the treatment of type 2 diabetes in adults and pediatric patients 10 years of age and older; and to reduce the risk of major adverse cardiovascular events in adult patients with type 2 diabetes and established cardiovascular disease or multiple cardiovascular risk factors. Zepbound For the treatment of adults with obesity or overweight with at least one weight-related comorbid condition in combination with a reduced-calorie diet and increased physical activity; and for the treatment of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea in adults with obesity in combination with a reduced-calorie diet and increased physical activity (relevant indications marketed under Mounjaro in various markets outside the U.S.). 5 Therapeutic area Products Certain Indications Oncology products Cyramza For use as monotherapy or in combination with another agent as a second-line treatment of advanced or metastatic gastric cancer or gastro-esophageal junction adenocarcinoma; in combination with another agent as a second-line treatment of metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); in combination with another agent as a second-line treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer; as a monotherapy as a second-line treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma; and in combination with another agent as a first-line treatment of adult patients with metastatic NSCLC with activating epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations. Erbitux Indicated both as monotherapy and in combination with another agent for the treatment of certain types of colorectal cancers; and as monotherapy, in combination with chemotherapy, or in combination with radiation therapy for the treatment of certain types of head and neck cancers. Inluriyo For the treatment of adults with ER-positive HER2-negative, ESR1-mutated advanced or metastatic breast cancer whose disease progressed after at least one line of endocrine therapy. Jaypirca For the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia or small lymphocytic lymphoma (CLL/SLL) who have previously been treated with a covalent BTK inhibitor; and for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) after at least two lines of systemic therapy, including a BTK inhibitor. Retevmo For the treatment of metastatic NSCLC with a rearranged during transfection (RET) gene fusion in adult patients; for the treatment of advanced metastatic medullary thyroid cancer with a RET mutation who require systemic therapy in adult and pediatric patients; for the treatment of advanced or metastatic thyroid cancer with a RET gene fusion in adult and pediatric patients who require systemic therapy and are radioactive iodine-refractory; and for the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors with a RET gene fusion who have progressed on or following prior systemic treatment or who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options. Tyvyt In collaboration with Innovent Biologics, Inc., for the treatment of relapsed or refractory classic Hodgkin's lymphoma; for the first-line treatment of non-squamous NSCLC in combination with Alimta and another agent; for the first-line treatment of squamous NSCLC in combination with two other agents; for the first-line treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma in combination with another agent; for the first-line treatment of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma in combination with certain other agents; for the first-line treatment of gastric cancer in combination with two other agents; and, in combination with two other agents, for patients with EGFR-mutated non-squamous NSCLC that progressed after EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy, each in China. Verzenio For use as monotherapy or in combination with endocrine therapy for the treatment of HR+, HER2- metastatic breast cancer, and in combination with endocrine therapy for treatment of HR+, HER2-, node positive, early breast cancer at high risk of recurrence. 6 Therapeutic area Products Certain Indications Immunology products Ebglyss For the treatment of adult and adolescent patients 12 years or older with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis (in Europe, in collaboration with Almirall S.A.). Olumiant In collaboration with Incyte Corporation, for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis after treatment with one or more tumor necrosis factor (TNF) blockers that did not work well enough or could not be tolerated; moderate to severe atopic dermatitis; severe alopecia areata; and for the treatment of hospitalized adults with COVID-19 who require supplemental oxygen, mechanical ventilation, or extracorporeal membrane oxygenation. Omvoh For the treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis in adults and for the treatment of moderately to severely active Crohn's disease in adults. Taltz For the treatment of adults and pediatric patients aged 6 years or older with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis; adults with active psoriatic arthritis; adults with ankylosing spondylitis; and adults with active non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis. Neuroscience products Emgality For migraine prevention and the treatment of episodic cluster headache in adults. Kisunla For adults with early symptomatic Alzheimer's disease with confirmed amyloid pathology and with mild cognitive impairment or mild dementia stage of disease. Marketing and Distribution We sell most of our products worldwide. We adapt our marketing methods and product emphasis in various countries to meet local customer needs and comply with local regulations. The products we market and their distribution vary from country to country depending on the market and applicable regulations. As applicable, we educate healthcare providers about our products in various ways, including via promotion in online and other channels, distributing information and samples of certain products to physicians, and exhibiting at medical meetings. In addition, we advertise certain products directly to consumers in the U.S., and we maintain websites and other media channels (e.g., social media) with information about our major products. Promotion of our major products in the U.S. includes engagement by employee or contracted sales representatives with physicians and other healthcare professionals. Our account managers service wholesalers, pharmacy benefit managers, insurers, plan sponsors, employers, managed care organizations, group purchasing organizations, government and long-term care institutions, hospitals, and certain retail pharmacies. Our arrangements with these organizations often include discounts or rebates on our products. In the U.S., most of our products are distributed through wholesalers that serve pharmacies, physicians and other healthcare professionals, and hospitals. In 2025, 2024, and 2023, three wholesale distributors in the U.S. McKesson Corporation, Cencora, Inc., and Cardinal Health, Inc. each accounted for a significant percentage of our consolidated revenue. No other customer accounted for more than 10 percent of our consolidated revenue in any of these years. For additional information, see Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2: Revenue." 7 In certain jurisdictions, we utilize LillyDirect, our direct-to-patient digital health care platform, to provide delivery of select Lilly medicines dispensed by third-party pharmacies to patients. Tools to help patients access care from independent healthcare providers and programs to assist patients in adhering to treatment plans are also available on the platform where applicable. Sales through LillyDirect represented a growing portion of our business in 2025 and we have launched, and continue to explore, new partnerships and tools, including through LillyDirect, to further expand access to our medicines. New initiatives may expose us to new risks or exacerbate existing risks. See, for examples, Item 1A, "Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Operations Failure, inadequacy, breach of, or unauthorized access to, our IT systems or those of our third-party service providers, unauthorized access to our confidential information, or violations of data protection laws, could result in material harm to our business and reputation" and "Risk Factors Risks Related to Litigation and Government Regulation Regulatory compliance problems could be damaging to the company." Outside the U.S., we promote our products to healthcare providers through sales representatives and other channels. We maintain our own sales organizations in many countries. We also often utilize third parties for commercial sales operations, some of which are engaged through distribution and promotion arrangements. We provide disease-state information directly to consumers via websites, social channels, and local activations. Certain of our products are marketed in arrangements with other pharmaceutical companies. For additional information, see Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 3: Collaborations and Other Arrangements." Competition Our products compete globally with many other pharmaceutical products in highly competitive markets. Important competitive factors include effectiveness, safety, availability, ease of use, patient preference, and overall experience; formulary placement, price, payer coverage and reimbursement rates, and demonstrated cost-effectiveness; regulatory approvals; marketing effectiveness; and research and development of new products, processes, modalities, indications, and uses. Early market entry and rapid patient access can also be important to achieve product acceptance and success. Barriers to reimbursable patient access in some cases include default payer coverage restrictions for our medicines. For example, in the U.S. self-insured employers must generally opt in for coverage of anti-obesity medicines. Payers in various international markets also do not cover anti-obesity medicines for weight loss. Our anti-obesity medicines comprise a significant portion of our revenues, and barriers to reimbursable patient access impact our sales volumes, business, and results of operations. Most new products or uses that we introduce must compete with other branded, biosimilar, or generic products already on the market or that are later developed. When new products, uses, or delivery systems with therapeutic, convenience, or cost advantages are introduced, including by developing new modalities, our existing products become subject to decreased sales volumes, progressive price reductions, or both. We believe our long-term competitive success depends on discovering and developing or acquiring and further developing innovative, cost-effective products that provide improved outcomes for patients and deliver value to payers, and continuously improving the productivity of our operations in a highly competitive and global environment. We face intensifying competition worldwide, including from China and other markets that have significantly expanded and accelerated research and development capabilities. Companies in these markets are increasingly licensing products to multinational pharmaceutical companies, entering into strategic partnerships, and competing directly in major markets. Our ability to compete effectively depends on our capacity to innovate at the pace of global scientific advancement, to access innovation through strategic partnerships and licensing arrangements across geographies, and to efficiently bring differentiated products to market. There can be no assurance that our efforts will result in commercially successful products, and it is possible that our products or indications will be, or will become, uncompetitive from time to time. See also " Competition U.S. Private Sector Dynamics." 8 Generic Pharmaceuticals and Biosimilars Generic pharmaceuticals and biosimilars can pose major competitive challenges to our business. In most major jurisdictions, the regulatory approval process for pharmaceuticals (other than biological products (biologics)) exempts generics from costly and time-consuming clinical trials to demonstrate their safety and efficacy, allowing generic manufacturers to rely on the safety and efficacy of the innovator product. As a result, generic manufacturers generally invest far fewer resources in research and development than we do for our branded products and can price their products significantly lower than branded products. Accordingly, when a branded non-biologic pharmaceutical loses its market exclusivity, it normally faces intense price competition from generic forms of the product, which can result in the loss of a significant portion of the branded product's revenue in a very short period of time. Loss of market exclusivity for competitive products may also shift market conditions for other branded products in the same therapeutic class. Moreover, governments in some countries leverage generic entrants to drive price concessions through the utilization of volume-based procurement bidding and other measures. Further, public and private payers typically encourage the use of generics as alternatives to branded products. Laws in the U.S. generally allow, and in many cases require, pharmacists to substitute generics that have been rated under government procedures to be essentially equivalent to a branded product. Where substitution is mandatory, it must be made unless the prescribing physician expressly forbids it. In certain countries, intellectual property protection is weak, and we must compete with generic versions of our products at or relatively shortly after launch. In addition, competition for our biologics, which constitute a substantial portion of our products and pipeline, may be affected by the approval of follow-on biologics, also known as biosimilars. A biosimilar is a subsequent version of an approved innovator biologic that, due to its analytical and clinical similarity to the innovator biologic, may be approved based on an abbreviated data package that relies in part on the full testing required of the innovator biologic. Globally, most governments have developed abbreviated regulatory pathways to approve biosimilars as follow-ons to innovator biologics, including the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (the BPCIA) in the U.S. A number of biosimilars have been licensed under the BPCIA, as well as in Europe and Japan. Regulatory interpretation of important aspects of the laws regulating biosimilars continues to evolve. In the U.S., for example, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has proposed changes in policy that could streamline the process of, and accelerate the timeline for, biosimilar development, including potentially minimizing the requirement for comparative clinical efficacy studies. The impact of these laws and guidance on our business remains subject to substantial uncertainty. Compounding We continue to see the production, marketing, and sale of counterfeit, misbranded, adulterated, and mass-compounded incretins in the U.S. and other markets. These practices may impact patient safety, undermine regulatory drug approval processes, and present market risks. If inadequately regulated, these practices could materially impact our business and reputation, including by creating consumer confusion or misperceptions about the safety and efficacy of our genuine products, diversion of potential sales, and potential net price erosion for our products. See " Government Regulation of Our Operations and Products," for additional information on market risks related to counterfeit, misbranded, adulterated, and mass-compounded medicines. U.S. Private Sector Dynamics In the U.S. private sector, consolidated and integrated healthcare organizations significantly affect the competitive marketplace for pharmaceuticals. Health plans, managed care organizations, pharmacy benefit managers, wholesalers, pharmacies, and other supply chain entities have consolidated into fewer, larger entities, thus enhancing their market power and importance. Private third-party insurers, as well as governments, typically maintain formularies that specify coverage (the conditions under which drugs are included on a plan's formulary) and reimbursement (the associated out-of-pocket cost to the consumer) to control costs by negotiating discounts or rebates in exchange for formulary inclusion and placement. 9 Unfavorable formulary placement can lead to reduced usage of a product for the relevant patient population due to coverage restrictions, such as prior authorizations and formulary exclusions, or due to reimbursement limitations that result in higher consumer out-of-pocket cost, such as non-preferred co-pay tiers, increased co-insurance levels, and higher deductibles. Consequently, pharmaceutical companies face increased pressure in negotiations, and compete fiercely for formulary placement, not only on the basis of product attributes such as efficacy, safety profile, or patient ease of use, but also by providing rebates or other concessions. As payers and pharmaceutical companies continue to negotiate formulary placement and rebates, value-based agreements, where rebates may be based on achievement (or not) of specified outcomes, are another prevalent tool. Rebates and net cost are important factors in formulary decisions, particularly in treatment areas in which the payer has taken the position that multiple branded products are therapeutically comparable. These pressures have negatively affected, and could continue to negatively affect, our consolidated results of operations. In addition to formulary placement, changes in insurance designs continue to drive greater consumer cost-sharing through high deductible plans, higher co-insurance, or co-pays, including increased utilization of co-pay accumulator adjustment or maximization programs. Supply chain entities have also increasingly imposed utilization management tools to favor the use of generic products or otherwise limit access to our products. In response to these issues, we are developing and deploying alternative product access strategies, including through direct-to-patient channels (such as LillyDirect) and direct-to-employer channels. These strategies may not adequately mitigate unfavorable private sector dynamics. For additional information on pricing and reimbursement for our pharmaceutical products, see " Regulations and Private Payer Actions Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access U.S." Patents, Trademarks, and Other Intellectual Property Rights Overview Intellectual property protection is critical to our ability to successfully commercialize our life sciences innovations and invest in the search for new medicines and uses. Loss of effective patent protection for pharmaceuticals can result in the loss of effective market exclusivity for the product, often leading to a severe and rapid decline in revenues for the product. We own, have applied for, or are licensed under, a large number of patents in the U.S. and many other countries relating to products, product uses, formulations, and manufacturing processes. In addition, for some products we have effective intellectual property protection in the form of data protection under pharmaceutical regulatory laws. The patent protection generally anticipated to be of most relevance to pharmaceuticals is provided by patents claiming the active ingredient (the compound patent) for our products, particularly those in major markets such as the U.S., major European countries, and Japan. In general, patents in each relevant country last for a period of 20 years from their filing date, which is often years prior to the launch of a commercial product. Further patent term adjustments and restorations may extend the original patent term: Patent term adjustment is available to all U.S. patent applicants to provide relief in the event that a patent grant is delayed during examination by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). Patent term extension for a single patent for a pharmaceutical product is provided to U.S. patent holders to compensate for a portion of the time invested in clinical trials and the FDA review process. There is a five-year cap on any restoration, and no patent's expiration date may be extended beyond 14 years from initial FDA approval. Some countries outside the U.S. similarly offer forms of patent term restoration. For example, Supplementary Protection Certificates are available to extend the life of a European patent up to an additional five years (subject to a 15-year cap from European Medicines Agency (EMA) approval) and in Japan patent terms can be extended up to five years. 10 In some cases, the innovator company may retain exclusivity despite approval of the generic, biosimilar, or other follow-on versions of a new medicine beyond the expiration of the compound patent through market dynamics and challenges, later-expiring patents on, for example, manufacturing processes, methods of use or formulations, or data protection that may be available under pharmaceutical regulatory laws. The primary forms of data protection are as follows: Data package protection generally prohibits regulatory approval of other manufacturers' applications for marketing approval if they rely on the innovator company's regulatory submission data for the drug. The base period is generally five years in the U.S. (12 years for new biologics under the BPCIA, subject to certain conditions), effectively 10 years in Europe, and eight years in Japan, which can be extended to 10 years with qualifying pediatric studies. The period begins on the date of product approval and runs concurrently with the patent term for any relevant patents. An agreement-in-principle, announced in December 2025 between the European Commission, Council, and Parliament, would set a base level of 8 years of data protection, with additional incentives conditional on certain requirements, while overall reducing the maximum protection available by one year. In the U.S., the FDA has the authority to grant additional data protection for approved drugs where the sponsor conducts specified testing in pediatric populations within a specified time period. If granted, this "pediatric exclusivity" provides an additional six months of exclusivity, which is added to the end of any other unexpired exclusivity and, for products other than biologics, to the end of certain unexpired patents. A specific use of a drug or biologic can receive "orphan" designation in the U.S. if it is intended to treat a disease or condition affecting fewer than 200,000 people in the U.S., or where it is not reasonably expected to recover development and marketing costs through U.S. sales. Orphan designation entitles a particular use of the drug to seven years of market exclusivity, which runs in parallel with any applicable patents. Outside the major markets, the adequacy and effectiveness of intellectual property protection for pharmaceuticals vary widely. International and U.S. free trade agreements like the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPs Agreement) administered by the World Trade Organization provide global protection of certain intellectual property rights. But in a number of markets we are unable to patent our products or to enforce the patents that we receive for our products. Further, many developing countries, and some developed countries, do not provide effective data package protection even though it is specified in the TRIPs Agreement. For more information on risks to the adequacy and effectiveness of our intellectual property, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property Our long-term success depends on intellectual property protection; if our intellectual property rights are invalidated, circumvented, or weakened, our business will be adversely affected." 11 Our Intellectual Property Portfolio We consider intellectual property protection for certain products, processes, uses, and formulations to be important to our business. In addition to the patents and data protection identified below, we may hold patents on manufacturing processes, formulations, devices, or uses that provide protection beyond the estimated dates shown below. For approved products, estimated dates include, where applicable, pending or granted patent term extensions. Where granted, estimated dates for approved products also reflect pediatric or orphan drug exclusivity. The length of market exclusivity for our products can be difficult to predict with certainty because of the complex interaction between patent and regulatory forms of exclusivity and the inherent uncertainties regarding patent litigation. There can be no assurance that a particular product will maintain market exclusivity for the duration of the estimated expiry or that exclusivity will be limited to that time frame. The relevant patent protection or data protection and associated expiry dates for our major or recently launched patent-protected marketed products are as follows: Therapeutic Area Product Protection Territory Estimated Expiry Date Cardiometabolic Health products Jardiance* compound patent U.S. 2029 major European countries 2029 Japan 2030 Mounjaro/ Zepbound compound patent U.S. 2036 major European countries 2037 Japan 2040 data protection U.S. 2027 major European countries 2033 Japan 2030 Trulicity compound patent U.S. 2027 major European countries 2029 Japan 2029 biologics data protection U.S. 2027 Oncology products Cyramza compound patent U.S. 2026 major European countries 2028 Japan 2026 biologics data protection U.S. 2026 Inluriyo compound patent U.S. 2039 major European countries 2039 Japan 2039 data protection U.S. 2030 major European countries 2036 Japan 2033 Jaypirca compound patent U.S. 2037 major European countries 2038 Japan 2040 data protection U.S. 2028 major European countries 2033 Japan 2032 12 Therapeutic Area Product Protection Territory Estimated Expiry Date Oncology products Retevmo compound patent U.S. 2038 major European countries 2037 Japan 2038 data protection U.S. 2025 major European countries 2031 Japan 2031 Verzenio compound patent U.S. 2031 major European countries 2033 Japan 2034 data protection major European countries 2028 Japan 2026 Immunology products Ebglyss compound patent U.S. 2026 Japan 2029 biologics data protection U.S. 2036 data protection major European countries 2033 Japan 2034 Olumiant compound patent U.S. 2032 major European countries 2032 Japan 2033 data protection major European countries 2027 Japan 2025 Omvoh compound patent U.S. 2037 major European countries 2038 Japan 2039 biologics data protection U.S. 2035 data protection major European countries 2033 Japan 2033 Taltz compound patent U.S. 2030 major European countries 2031 Japan 2030 biologics data protection U.S. 2028 data protection major European countries 2027 13 Therapeutic Area Product Protection Territory Estimated Expiry Date Neuroscience products Emgality compound patent U.S. 2033 major European countries 2033 Japan 2035 biologics data protection U.S. 2030 data protection major European countries 2028 Japan 2029 Kisunla compound patent U.S. 2036 major European countries 2036 Japan 2036 biologics data protection U.S. 2036 data protection major European countries 2035 Japan 2032 * Jardiance is part of our Boehringer Ingelheim collaboration. In the U.S., Jardiance includes the related combination product, Glyxambi. See Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 3: Collaborations and Other Arrangements". The following product candidates are the most relevant that are currently under regulatory review. Upon approval, we expect relevant compound patent and data protections to apply: Insulin efsitora alfa has been submitted for regulatory review in the U.S., the EU, and Japan for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. Orforglipron has been submitted for regulatory review in the U.S., the EU, and Japan for the treatment of obesity or overweight with at least one weight-related medical problem and in the EU for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. Orforglipron was granted a Commissioner s National Priority Voucher from the FDA, which could accelerate potential U.S. approval timing. Worldwide, we sell all of our major products under trademarks consisting of our product names, logos, and unique product appearances that we consider in the aggregate to be important to our operations. Trademark protection varies throughout the world. Trademark protection typically extends beyond the patent and data protection for a product. We also rely in some circumstances on trade secrets and other unpatented know-how. We seek to protect our confidential information in part through confidentiality agreements with our employees, corporate partners, collaborators, and vendors. These agreements may be breached, and we cannot be certain that we have adequate remedies. If our trade secrets or confidential information become known or are independently discovered by competitors, or if we enter into disputes over ownership of inventions, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Patent Licenses and Collaborations Some of our products are subject to significant license and collaboration agreements. For information on our license and collaboration agreements, see Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 3: Collaborations and Other Arrangements." Patent Challenges In the U.S., the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly known as the Hatch-Waxman Act, authorizes the FDA to approve generic versions of innovative pharmaceuticals (other than biologics) when the generic manufacturer files an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA). Absent a patent challenge, the FDA cannot approve an ANDA until after certain of the innovator's patents expire. However, after the innovator has marketed its product for four years, a generic manufacturer may file an ANDA alleging that the patent(s) listed in the innovator's New Drug Application (NDA) are invalid, unenforceable, or not infringed. Generic manufacturers use this process extensively to challenge patents on innovative pharmaceuticals. In addition, generic companies have shown willingness to launch "at risk" (i.e., after receiving ANDA approval) but before final resolution of their patent challenge. 14 Under the BPCIA, the FDA cannot approve an application for a biosimilar product until data protection expires, 12 years after initial marketing approval of the innovator biologic, and an application may not be submitted until four years following the date the innovator biologic was first approved. However, the BPCIA does provide a mechanism for a prospective biosimilar competitor to challenge the validity of an innovator's patents as early as four years after initial marketing approval of the innovator biologic. The patent litigation scheme under the BPCIA, and the BPCIA itself, is complex and continues to be interpreted and implemented by the FDA, as well as by courts. Courts have held that biosimilar applicants are not required to engage in the BPCIA patent litigation scheme and patent holders retain the right to bring suit under normal patent law procedures if a biosimilar applicant attempts to commercialize a product prior to patent expiration. In addition, there is a procedure in U.S. patent law, known as inter partes review (IPR), which allows any member of the public to file a petition with the USPTO seeking the review of any issued U.S. patent for validity. IPRs are conducted before Administrative Patent Judges in the USPTO using a lower standard of proof than used in federal district court and challenged patents are not accorded the presumption of validity. Generic drug companies and even some investment firms have engaged in the IPR process in attempts to invalidate our patents. In recent years, U.S. government officials have proposed the exercise of "march-in-rights" and various other measures that, if enacted, could have a negative impact on our patent rights. We cannot predict the likelihood that these or similar proposals will be adopted, but, if adopted, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Outside the U.S., the legal doctrines and processes by which pharmaceutical patents can be challenged vary widely. In recent years, we have experienced an increase in patent challenges from generic manufacturers in many countries outside the U.S. For more information on patent challenges and litigation involving our intellectual property rights, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property Our long-term success depends on intellectual property protection; if our intellectual property rights are invalidated, circumvented, or weakened, our business will be adversely affected" and Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 16: Contingencies." Government Regulation of Our Operations and Products Our operations are regulated extensively by numerous government agencies. The lengthy process of laboratory and clinical testing, data analysis, manufacturing development, and regulatory review necessary for governmental approvals of our products is extremely costly and can significantly delay product introductions and revenue generation. In addition, our operations are subject to complex federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning relationships with healthcare providers and suppliers, pricing and reimbursement for our products, the environment, occupational health and safety, data privacy and security, and other matters. Evolving regulatory priorities have intensified governmental scrutiny of our operations and those of other healthcare intermediaries, including with respect to current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), quality assurance, marketing, and similar regulations. U.S. and other authorities are actively proposing, enacting, and pursuing numerous policy, regulatory, and enforcement changes that impact our business. These changes create additional uncertainty for our business, while in some cases presenting new opportunities for our business. Regulatory oversight of the pharmaceutical industry entails judgment and interpretation, which can result in varying interpretations of laws and regulations by health and other authorities. Compliance with the laws and regulations affecting the manufacture and sale of our current products and the discovery, development, and introduction of new products and uses has and will continue to require substantial effort, expense, and capital investment. Of particular importance to our business is regulation by the FDA in the U.S. Pursuant to laws and regulations that include the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) and the Public Health Service Act (PHSA), the FDA exercises jurisdiction over all of our products and devices in the U.S. and administers requirements covering the testing, safety, effectiveness, manufacturing, quality control, distribution, labeling, marketing, promotion, advertising, dissemination of information, and post-marketing surveillance of those products and devices. The FDA holds broad discretion under the FDCA to interpret the conditions and evidence necessary for timely approval of and ability to market our products and devices as well as those of our competitors. The centrality to our business of the FDA and corresponding international regulators exposes us to risks of oversight, administrative, and enforcement changes, delays, inconsistencies, lapses, or failures, including as may derive from inadequate agency staffing levels, expertise, or resources. 15 Following approval, our products must meet, and must continue to comply with, regulation by various government and regulatory agencies in connection with labeling, import, export, sale, storage, recordkeeping, advertising, promotion, and safety reporting. We conduct extensive post-marketing surveillance of the safety of the products we sell and comply with notification requirements related to safety and efficacy, product supply, and other aspects of our products and operations. The FDA may withdraw approval of a product if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after a product reaches the market, including as may be identified through market surveillance or third-party studies involving our products. The FDA may also mandate labeling changes, post-marketing studies, or risk management programs at any point in a product's life cycle based on new safety information or as part of a labeling change to a particular class of products. In addition, the FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising, and promotion of products to prescribers and patients. Pharmaceutical products may be promoted only for approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. Outside the U.S., our products and operations are subject to similar regulatory requirements, notably by the EMA in the EU, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare in Japan, and the National Medical Products Administration in China. Specific regulatory requirements vary from country to country. Regulatory and compliance requirements, as well as approval processes outside the U.S., differ from those in the U.S. and may involve additional costs, uncertainties, and risks. The FDA and other regulatory agencies outside the U.S. extensively regulate all aspects of manufacturing quality for pharmaceuticals under their cGMP regulations. Regulators assess compliance with these regulations by inspecting the equipment, facilities, laboratories, and processes used in the manufacturing and testing of our products prior to marketing approval with periodic reinspection thereafter; this may include inspection of our third-party business partners. We make substantial investments of capital and operating expenses to implement comprehensive, company-wide quality systems and controls in our manufacturing, product development, and process development operations in an effort to maintain sustained compliance with cGMP and other regulations. Nonetheless, manufacturing quality and other aspects of pharmaceutical regulatory compliance are heavily scrutinized and result in government investigations, regulatory and legal actions, product recalls and seizures, fines and penalties, interruption of production leading to product shortages, import bans or denials of import certifications, delays or denials in new product approvals, line extensions or supplemental approvals of current products pending resolution of any issues, any of which have and could in the future adversely affect our business and reputation. Certain of our products, devices and components are manufactured by third parties, and their failure to comply with these regulations has affected and could in the future adversely affect us, including through failure to supply product to us or delays in approvals of new products or indications. Any determination by the FDA or other regulatory authority of manufacturing or other deficiencies could adversely affect our business and reputation. For more information on product regulation challenges, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Operations Reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements could adversely affect our business." We rely on the FDA and other regulatory bodies for appropriate oversight, administration, and enforcement of our industry, anyone marketing or purporting to market medicines, and public health. We continue to see the production, marketing, and sale of counterfeit, misbranded, adulterated, and mass-compounded incretins in the U.S. and other markets. In the U.S., these activities include mass compounding based on asserted reliance on regulatory exceptions that permit limited compounding in certain circumstances by certain entities. In contrast to the strict regulation of our facilities and manufacturing practices, these actors have experienced low barriers to entry and a relative lack of regulatory oversight and enforcement. These practices may impact patient safety and undermine regulatory drug approval processes. If inadequately regulated, these practices could materially impact our business and reputation, including by creating consumer confusion or misperceptions about the safety and efficacy of our genuine products, diversion of potential sales and potential net price erosion for our products. 16 Other Laws and Regulations The marketing, promotional, and pricing practices of pharmaceutical manufacturers, as well as the manner in which manufacturers interact with purchasers, prescribers, and patients, are subject to various other U.S. federal and state laws, as well as analogous foreign laws and regulations, including the federal anti-kickback statute, the False Claims Act, antitrust laws, and state laws governing kickbacks, false claims, unfair trade practices, and consumer protection. These laws are administered by, among others, the Department of Justice, the Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), the Federal Trade Commission, the Office of Personnel Management, and state attorneys general. State, federal, and foreign governments, agencies, and other regulatory bodies are active in their oversight, enforcement activities, and coordination with respect to pharmaceutical companies, which has resulted in scrutiny, litigation costs, corporate criminal sanctions, and substantial civil settlements in the pharmaceutical industry. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (FCPA) prohibits certain individuals and entities, including U.S. publicly traded companies, from promising, offering, or giving anything of value to foreign officials with the corrupt intent of influencing the foreign official for the purpose of helping the company obtain or retain business or gain any improper advantage. The FCPA also imposes specific recordkeeping and internal controls requirements on U.S. publicly traded companies. As noted above, our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with officials outside the U.S. Additionally, in many countries outside the U.S., healthcare providers who prescribe pharmaceuticals may be employed by the government and purchasers of pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, our interactions with these prescribers and purchasers are subject to regulation under the FCPA. Various other jurisdictions in which we operate and supply our products have laws and regulations aimed at preventing and penalizing corrupt and anticompetitive behavior, including the proposed EU Anti-Corruption Directive, which is expected to be adopted in 2026. We are, and could in the future become, subject to administrative and legal proceedings and actions, which could include claims for civil damages and penalties (including treble damages), criminal sanctions, and administrative remedies, including exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs. It is possible that an adverse outcome in future actions could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity, and financial position in any given period. We are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and foreign environmental, health and safety, and other laws and regulations that may affect our research, development, or production efforts. Regulations and Private Payer Actions Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access U.S. There continues to be considerable public and government scrutiny of pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement, and access. In addition, U.S. government actions to reduce federal spending on entitlement programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, affects reimbursement for our products or services associated with the provision of our products. In November 2025, we announced preliminary voluntary agreements with the U.S. government in which, among other arrangements, we agreed to implement measures to lower Medicaid and certain other drug prices for U.S. patients and to launch new medicines with a more balanced pricing approach across developed nations. As part of these agreements, we expect Medicare beneficiaries will have access to discounted Lilly obesity medicines by July 1, 2026, and States will have the option to expand access to these discounted medicines through Medicaid. We will also participate in a government direct-to-patient purchasing platform that will direct people in the U.S. to offerings to purchase certain medicines from us at significant discounts to current list prices. The preliminary agreements also provide a three-year grace period during which time our products under a Section 232 investigation will not face tariffs, provided that we meet U.S. manufacturing investment commitments. We are currently in the process of negotiating definitive agreements to implement these arrangements. In 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA). Among other measures, the IRA requires HHS to effectively set prices for certain single-source drugs and biologics reimbursed under Medicare Part B and Part D. Currently, these government prices generally apply beginning at nine years (for medicines approved under a New Drug Application) or thirteen years (for medicines approved under a Biologics License Application) following FDA approval or licensure for the molecule and are set at a price that generally represents a significant discount from existing list prices to wholesalers and direct purchasers. While the law specifies a maximum price that HHS can set, it does not set a minimum price. The Medicare price HHS determines may impact the product s best price determination under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and the ceiling price 17 under the 340B Drug Pricing Program, potentially leading to a negative impact on both Medicaid and 340B prices. In August 2023, HHS selected Jardiance, which is part of our collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim, as one of the first ten medicines subject to government-set prices effective in 2026. In August 2024, HHS announced the government-set prices for these medicines with Jardiance subject to a 66 percent discount compared to the 2023 U.S. calendar year list price for a 30-day supply. In January 2026, HHS selected Trulicity and Verzenio as additional medicines subject to government-set prices to be effective in 2028. Given our product portfolio, we expect additional of our significant products will be selected in future years, which would have the effect of accelerating revenue erosion prior to expiry of exclusivities. The effect of reducing prices and reimbursement for certain of our products impacts our business and consolidated results of operations. Other IRA provisions require drug manufacturers to provide rebates for Medicare Part B and Part D medicines under certain circumstances and implemented Part D benefit redesign. The IRA has, and will continue to, meaningfully influence our business strategies and those of our competitors. In particular, the nine-year timeline to set prices for medicines approved under a New Drug Application reduces the attractiveness of investment in small molecule innovation. The IRA can cause changes to development approach and timing and investments at-risk. The full impact of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry, including the implications to us of a competitor's product being selected for price setting, remains uncertain. Heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which drug manufacturers price their marketed products and the practices of pharmacy benefit managers and other supply chain entities has also resulted in several U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, require advance notice of list price increases, establish upper payment limits or other restrictions by drug affordability review boards, allow the importation of drugs from other countries, implement reference pricing, address pharmacy benefit manager practices, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. Restrictive or unfavorable pricing, coverage, or reimbursement determinations for our medicines or product candidates by governments, regulatory agencies, courts, or private actors have and may continue to adversely impact our business and financial results. Additional policies, regulations, legislation, determinations, or enforcement, including those proposed or pursued by the U.S. Congress, the U.S. executive branch, state attorneys general, and regulatory authorities worldwide, could adversely impact our business and consolidated results of operations. In the U.S., we are required to provide rebates to the federal government and state governments on their purchases of our pharmaceuticals under various federal and state healthcare programs, including the Medicaid and Medicaid Managed Care programs (a minimum of 23.1 percent plus adjustments for price increases above the consumer price index over time) and reduced prices to private entities who treat patients in certain types of healthcare facilities intended to serve low-income and uninsured patients (known as 340B covered entities). Additionally, an annual fee is imposed on pharmaceutical manufacturers and importers that sell branded prescription drugs to specified government programs, such as Medicare Part B and Part D, and Medicaid. Changes to the 340B program or the Medicaid programs could have a material adverse impact on our business. For example, continued expansion of the 340B program and growth of entities claiming entitlement to 340B pricing, including in ways that may be inconsistent with the statutory scheme and through state laws that purport to mandate 340B sales to contract pharmacies, impacts our revenue on an increasing percentage of sales. Changes to the calculation of rebates under the Medicaid program could also increase our Medicaid rebate obligations and decrease the prices charged to 340B covered entities. We have implemented a Contract Pharmacy Limited Distribution System applicable to sales through the 340B program, which generally limits distribution of 340B-priced product to: (i) covered entities and their child sites; or (ii) if a covered entity lacks an in-house outpatient pharmacy, a single contract pharmacy designated by a covered entity to establish a 340B bill to/ship to arrangement. Claims-level data is ordinarily required for any contract pharmacy. Our Contract Pharmacy Limited Distribution System contains certain exceptions that permit broader contract pharmacy usage, including for "penny priced" insulin products, provided that the covered entity passes through all discounts to eligible patients at the point of sale and meets other conditions. We believe our Contract Pharmacy Limited Distribution System complies with the 340B statute, but it remains subject to ongoing inquiries and litigation that could have a material impact on our business, as discussed in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 16: Contingencies." 18 Other aspects of the 340B program, including the manner in which manufacturers can offer 340B pricing, and proper definitions of "patient" and "child site" under the 340B statute, are subject to inquiries and ongoing litigation by Lilly and/or other parties, the resolution of which could impact the growth and scope of the 340B program. For example, in November 2024, Lilly sued the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) over its purported rejection of Lilly s plan to implement a cash replenishment model to make 340B pricing available to 340B covered entities, in place of the current product replenishment model. The U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia agreed with HRSA in May 2025 that the government must preapprove Lilly s cash replenishment model, which HRSA has not done. Lilly appealed that decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Furthermore, states continue to adopt laws that, among other things, expand the 340B program by purporting to compel manufacturers to sell their medicines at 340B prices to an unlimited number of contract pharmacies. Other manufacturers and trade associations continue to litigate the constitutionality of these laws in various federal courts. Some courts have concluded that such laws are unconstitutional and have preliminarily enjoined them while others have rejected those challenges. Rebates are also negotiated in the private sector. We pay rebates to private payers that provide prescription drug benefits to seniors covered by Medicare and to private payers that provide prescription drug benefits to their customers. These rebates are affected by the introduction of competitive products and generics in the same class and ongoing competitive dynamics. For a discussion of risks related to how we price our products, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors Risks Related to Litigation and Government Regulation We are party to litigation and investigations, which could adversely affect our business." Outside the U.S. Globally, public and private payers restrict access to pharmaceuticals based on assessments of comparative effectiveness and value, including through the establishment of formal health technology assessment processes. In addition, third-party organizations, including professional associations, academic institutions, and non-profit entities associated with payers, conduct and publish comparative effectiveness and cost/benefit analyses on medicines, the impact of which can influence pharmaceutical access and pricing. In most international markets, we operate in an environment of government-mandated cost-containment programs, which may include price controls, international reference pricing, discounts and rebates, therapeutic reference pricing (to other, often generic, pharmaceutical choices), health technology assessments, regulatory hurdles, restrictions on physician prescription levels, and mandatory generic substitution. In these markets, healthcare services and the determination of pricing and reimbursement for pharmaceutical products are impacted by government control at the point of care or as the primary payer. In December 2025 the European Commission, Council, and Parliament reached an agreement-in-principle on EU Pharmaceutical Legislation. The implementation timeline and eventual impact on patients and the overall market is currently uncertain. Budget pressures and associated cost containment measures remain a focus in the EU, among other jurisdictions. The impact of the U.S. government s efforts to use trade or other measures to increase spending by developed countries on innovative medicines to reduce U.S. prices remains unclear. Most countries in the EU attempt to contain drug costs by engaging in some form of reference pricing in which authorities examine pre-determined internal or external markets for published prices of a product or national class of drugs. Member states also employ mandatory rebates, clawbacks, market caps, and other mechanisms to limit spending. Other measures include restricting or delaying access to pharmaceutical product reimbursement under national health insurance, and member states may condition access on the basis of a reimbursement price or completion of cost-effectiveness or other gating studies. In Japan, our products can be subject to government-mandated annual price reductions. The government may also apply re-pricings for specific products or classes of products if certain criteria are met, including exceeding product use thresholds. State-owned hospitals and the state insurance program account for the vast majority of drug purchases in China, impacting access-price negotiations that have intensified in recent years. China's healthcare policies aim to balance accelerating patient access to innovative medicines with cost containment objectives. To facilitate patient access in China, we seek and have secured inclusion of Mounjaro and other of our branded products on China's National Reimbursement Drug List, a list of drugs fully or partially reimbursed by China s national basic health insurance. In exchange for broad access, these products are generally subject to negotiation of significant price concessions. China is also working to broaden its commercial health insurance offerings which have the potential 19 to increase patient access. China utilizes a value-based procurement program process for products that have generic substitutes. As a general matter, products that we choose to tender through this process are similarly subject to price reductions. Our business in China may be significantly impacted by the country's evolving pharmaceutical regulatory environment, including access, intellectual property protection, regulatory enforcement and compliance, and trade policies. Governments in many emerging markets are also focused on limiting health care costs and have enacted price controls and measures impacting intellectual property. Reforms, initiatives, and other actions in our product markets, including those that may stem from political initiatives, periods of uneven economic growth or downturns or uncertainty, or as a result of inflation or deflation, trade and other global disputes and interruptions including related to tariffs, trade protection measures, and similar restrictions, the emergence, or escalation of, and responses to, international tension and conflicts, or government budgeting priorities, are expected to continue to result in added pressure on pricing, access, and reimbursement for our products. The outcome of our preliminary agreements with the U.S. government and broader U.S. policy efforts to align domestic pharmaceutical pricing with international benchmarks from countries with competing healthcare cost containment priorities is uncertain and could impact our pricing strategies, product demand or access, or competitive positioning across global markets, and may result in reduced revenue in certain markets. Moreover, we cannot predict the extent to which our business may be affected by current or potential future legislative, regulatory, or private actor developments. However, in general we expect to see continued focus on regulating pricing, resulting in additional state, federal, and international legislative and regulatory developments that could have negative effects on pricing, access, and reimbursement for our products as well as overall operations. See Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis Executive Overview Other Matters Trends Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access and Certain Other Regulatory Developments," for additional information regarding recent legislative, administrative, and other pricing initiatives and their impact on our results. Research and Development Our commitment to research and development dates back nearly 150 years. We invest heavily in research and development because we believe it is critical to our long-term competitiveness. At the end of 2025, we employed approximately 12,000 people in pharmaceutical research and development activities, including a substantial number of physicians, scientists holding graduate or postgraduate degrees, and highly skilled technical personnel. Our internal pharmaceutical research focuses primarily on the areas of cardiometabolic health, immunology, neuroscience, and oncology. In addition to discovering and developing new medicines, we seek to expand the value of existing products through new uses, formulations, and therapeutic approaches, including complementary delivery devices or diagnostic tools, that can provide additional value to patients. To supplement our internal efforts, we collaborate with others, including academic institutions and research-based pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. We use the services of physicians, hospitals, medical schools, and other organizations worldwide to conduct clinical trials to establish the safety and effectiveness of our medicines. We also invest in external research and technologies that we believe complement and strengthen our own efforts. These investments can take many forms, including, among others, licensing arrangements, co-development agreements, co-promotion arrangements, joint ventures, acquisitions, and equity investments. Pharmaceutical development is time-consuming, expensive, and risky. Very few of the candidates discovered by researchers ultimately become approved medicines. The process from discovery to regulatory approval can take over a decade. Candidates can fail at any stage of the process, and even late-stage candidates sometimes fail to receive regulatory approval or achieve commercial success. In addition, novel modalities can present more challenging or lengthy development timelines. The following describes in more detail the research and development process for pharmaceutical products: 20 Phases of New Drug Development Discovery Phase In the discovery phase, scientists identify, design, and synthesize promising candidates by analyzing their effect on biological targets considered to play a role in disease. Targets are often unproven and only candidates that are expected to have the desired effect on the target and meet other design criteria move to the next phase of development, which includes the initiation of studies in animals to support regulatory and safety requirements for clinical research in humans. The discovery phase can take years and the probability of any one candidate becoming a medicine is extremely low. Early Development Phase Early development includes initial testing for safety and efficacy and early analyses of manufacturing requirements. Safety testing is initially performed in laboratory tests and animals, as necessary. In general, the first human tests (often referred to as Phase 1) are conducted in small groups of participants to assess safety and evaluate the potential dosing range. Subsequently, larger populations of patients are studied (Phase 2) to identify signs of efficacy while continuing to assess safety. In parallel, scientists work to identify safe, effective, and economical manufacturing processes. Long-term animal studies may continue to test for potential safety issues. Of the candidates that enter the early development phase, only a fraction move to the late development phase. The early development phase varies but can take several years to complete. Late Development Phase Late phase development projects (typically Phase 3) have met initial safety requirements and shown initial evidence of efficacy in earlier studies. As a result, these candidates generally have a higher likelihood of success as compared to earlier stage candidates, and trials include larger patient populations to demonstrate safety and efficacy of the candidate in treating the disease. These studies are designed to demonstrate the benefit and risk of the potential new medicine and may be compared to competitive therapies, placebo, or both. Phase 3 studies are generally conducted globally, are costly, and are designed to support regulatory filings for marketing approval. The duration of Phase 3 testing varies by disease and may take years. Submission Phase Once a potential new medicine is submitted to regulatory agencies, the time to final marketing approval can vary from months to several years, depending on the disease state, the strength and complexity of available data, the degree of unmet need, and the time required for the regulatory agency(ies) to evaluate the submission, which can depend on prioritization by regulators and other factors. There is no guarantee that a potential medicine will receive marketing approval, or that decisions on marketing approvals or indications will be consistent across geographic areas. See Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis Executive Overview Clinical Development Pipeline," for more details about our current product pipeline. Raw Materials and Product Supply Most of the principal materials we use in our manufacturing operations are available from more than one source. However, certain materials are procured from a single source. We seek to maintain sufficient inventory to provide reliability of production and manage unforeseen supply variability. However, various developments have led, and may in the future lead, to interruption or shortages in supply until we establish new sources, implement alternative processes, bring new manufacturing facilities online, or pause or discontinue product sales in one or more markets. Our active ingredient manufacturing and finishing operations, including formulation, filling, assembling, delivery device manufacturing, and packaging, take place at sites in the U.S., including Puerto Rico, Ireland and a number of other sites throughout the world. To support anticipated demand for our current and prospective products, we have undertaken significant manufacturing expansion initiatives. Investments to increase our manufacturing capacity include new sites in North Carolina, Wisconsin, Indiana, Virginia, Texas, Alabama, Pennsylvania, Ireland, Germany, and the Netherlands. We also utilize third parties for certain active ingredient manufacturing, filling, finishing operations, and for device or component production and assembly. Among other third-party providers, we, and the pharmaceutical industry generally, depend on China-based suppliers for portions of our supply chain. U.S. officials have enacted and continue to consider legislation or other actions that are intended to limit supply chain reliance on China, including the BIOSECURE Act. In addition, historically, geopolitical tensions between the U.S. and China have led to the imposition of tariffs, sanctions, and certain 21 other business restrictions between the U.S. and China. In 2025, the U.S. government imposed new tariffs on Chinese goods, and China responded with tariffs on select U.S. goods. If new legislation or additional trade restrictions are adopted or geopolitical tensions were to increase and disrupt our operations in or related to China, such disruption could significantly impact our business and results of operations. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Operations Reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements could adversely affect our business" and "Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business Internationally Our global operations subject us to risks, including as related to uneven economic growth or downturns, international trade, and other global disruptions, geopolitical tensions, or disputes" for additional information. We manage our supply chain (including our own facilities, contracted arrangements, and inventory) in a way that is intended to allow us to meet product demand while maintaining flexibility to reallocate manufacturing capacity to improve efficiency and respond to changes in supply and demand. To maintain supply of our products, we use a variety of techniques, including comprehensive quality systems, inventory management, and back-up sites. However, pharmaceutical production processes are complex, highly regulated, and vary widely from product to product. Shifting or adding manufacturing capacity is a very lengthy process requiring significant capital expenditures, process modifications, and regulatory approvals. Accordingly, developments such as unanticipated demand, unplanned plant shutdowns, manufacturing or quality assurance difficulties at one of our facilities or contracted facilities, failure or refusal of a supplier or contract manufacturer to supply contracted quantities in a timely manner or at all, increases in demand on a supplier, or difficulties in predicting or variability in demand for or supply of our products or those of our competitors have led, and may in the future lead, to interruption or higher costs in the supply of certain products, product shortages, or pauses or discontinuations of product sales in one or more markets. Supply and channel dynamics in some cases also contribute to variability in financial results for our products from period to period. Further, cost and wage inflation, availability of adequate capacity in global transportation, supply chain complexities, including consolidation therein, labor market issues, international tension and conflicts, uneven economic growth or downturns, an increase in overall demand in our industry for certain products and materials, and public health outbreaks, epidemics, or pandemics, have caused, and in the future may cause, delays or disruptions in and/or increased costs related to distribution of our medicines, the construction or acquisition of manufacturing capacity, procurement activity, and supplier or contract manufacturer arrangements, as well as other general business impacts. For more information on the additional risks we face in connection with any difficulties, disruptions, and shortages in the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of our products, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Operations Manufacturing, quality, or supply chain difficulties, disruptions, or shortages could lead to product supply problems or other negative outcomes." Quality Assurance Our success depends in great measure on customer confidence in the quality of our products and in the integrity of the data that support their safety and effectiveness. Product quality requires a total commitment to quality in all parts of our operations, including research and development, purchasing, facilities planning, manufacturing, distribution, and dissemination of information about our medicines. Quality of production processes involves strict control of ingredients, equipment, facilities, manufacturing methods, packaging materials, and labeling. We perform tests at various stages of production processes and on the final product in an effort to ensure that the product meets all applicable regulatory requirements and our internal standards. Additional testing for stability over the life of the product is also performed. These tests may involve chemical and physical chemical analyses, microbiological testing, testing in animals, or a combination thereof. Additional assurance of quality is provided by quality assurance groups that audit and monitor all aspects of quality related to pharmaceutical manufacturing procedures and systems in company and third-party operations. Executive Officers of the Company The following table sets forth certain information regarding our current executive officers. The term of office for each executive officer expires on the date of the annual meeting of the board of directors, to be held on May 4, 2026 in connection with the company's annual meeting of shareholders, or on the date his or her successor is chosen and qualified. No director or executive officer has a "family relationship" with any other director or executive officer of the company, as that term is defined for purposes of this disclosure requirement. There is no understanding between any executive officer or director and any other person pursuant to which the executive officer was selected. 22 Name Age Titles and Business Experience David Ricks 58 Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) (since 2017). Previously, Mr. Ricks held various leadership roles with Lilly, including senior vice president and president, Lilly Bio-Medicines. Mr. Ricks has 29 years of service with Lilly. Adrienne Brown 46 Executive Vice President and President, Lilly Immunology (since 2025). Previously, Ms. Brown held various leadership roles at Lilly, including group vice president of corporate business development from 2023 to 2025, group vice president, U.S. Diabetes and Obesity from 2020 to 2023, and senior director Diabetes/GHD Business Unit from 2018 to 2020. Ms. Brown has 22 years of service with Lilly. Kenneth Custer, Ph.D. 47 Executive Vice President and President, Lilly Cardiometabolic Health (since 2025). Dr. Custer has held various leadership roles with Lilly, including most recently, as president and general manager of Lilly Canada. Previously, he served as senior vice president and head of corporate business development. Dr. Custer has 17 years of service with Lilly. Eric Dozier 59 Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer (since 2022). Previously, Mr. Dozier held various leadership roles with Lilly, including senior vice president, chief commercial officer for Loxo@Lilly, and vice president, global ethics and compliance officer. Mr. Dozier has 28 years of service with Lilly. Anat Hakim 56 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (since 2020). Prior to joining Lilly, Ms. Hakim was senior vice president, general counsel and secretary of WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WellCare) from 2016 to 2018, and executive vice president, general counsel and secretary of WellCare from 2018 to 2020. Prior to joining WellCare, she served as divisional vice president and associate general counsel of intellectual property litigation at Abbott Laboratories from 2010 to 2013 and divisional vice president and associate general counsel of litigation from 2013 to 2016. Ms. Hakim has six years of service with Lilly. Edgardo Hernandez 51 Executive Vice President and President, Manufacturing Operations (since 2021). Previously, Mr. Hernandez held various leadership roles with Lilly, including senior vice president, global parenteral drug product, delivery devices and regional manufacturing, and vice president, Fegersheim operations. Mr. Hernandez has 21 years of service with Lilly. Carole Ho 53 Executive Vice President and President, Lilly Neuroscience (since 2025). Prior to joining Lilly, Ms. Ho served as chief medical officer and head of development at Denali Therapeutics Inc. from 2015 to 2025. Her biopharmaceutical experience includes leadership roles at Genentech, Inc. Patrik Jonsson 59 Executive Vice President and President, Lilly International (since 2025). Mr. Jonsson has held various leadership roles with Lilly, including, most recently, as Executive Vice President and President, Lilly Cardiometabolic Health and Lilly USA. Previously, he served as Executive Vice President and President, Lilly Immunology and Lilly USA, and Chief Customer Officer, senior vice president and president, Lilly Bio-Medicines and president and general manager, Lilly Japan. Mr. Jonsson has 35 years of service with Lilly. Lucas Montarce 48 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (since 2024). Most recently, Mr. Montarce served as the president and general manager of Lilly s Spain, Portugal, and Greece hub, a position he assumed in 2024. Previously Mr. Montarce was group vice president, controller and chief financial officer of Lilly Research Laboratories, vice president, finance and chief financial officer, Lilly International, and vice president, finance and global chief financial officer, Elanco Health. Mr. Montarce has 24 years of service with Lilly. Diogo Rau 51 Executive Vice President and Chief Information and Digital Officer (since 2021). Prior to joining Lilly, Mr. Rau was senior director of information systems and technology for retail and online stores of Apple Inc. from 2011 to 2021. Prior to his tenure at Apple, he served as a partner at McKinsey Company. Mr. Rau has five years of service with Lilly. Melissa Seymour 56 Executive Vice President, Global Quality (since 2024). Prior to joining Lilly, Ms. Seymour was the chief quality officer for Bristol Myers Squibb from 2022 to 2024. Before joining Bristol Myers Squibb, Ms. Seymour was also the chief quality officer at Biogen. Ms. Seymour has two years of service with Lilly. Daniel Skovronsky, M.D., Ph.D. 52 Executive Vice President, Chief Scientific and Product Officer and President, Lilly Research Laboratories (since 2025). Prior to assuming his current role, Dr. Skovronsky served as Executive Vice President, Chief Scientific Officer, and President, Lilly Research Laboratories and Lilly Immunology since 2024. Dr. Skovronsky has held other leadership roles with Lilly, including as chief medical officer, senior vice president, clinical and product development and vice president, diabetes research. Dr. Skovronsky has 15 years of service with Lilly. Jacob Van Naarden 41 Executive Vice President, President, Lilly Oncology and Head of Corporate Business Development (since 2025). Prior to assuming his expanded role, Mr. Van Naarden served as Executive Vice President and President, Lilly Oncology since 2021. Previously, he served as chief executive officer-Loxo Oncology at Lilly, and chief operating officer-Loxo Oncology at Lilly. Mr. Van Naarden joined Lilly in 2019 when the company acquired Loxo Oncology, Inc., where he was the chief operating officer. In previous roles, Mr. Van Naarden worked in various biotechnology investing, operating, and advisory capacities, including positions with HealthCor Management, Aisling Capital, and Goldman Sachs. Mr. Van Naarden has seven years of service with Lilly. Ilya Yuffa 51 Executive Vice President and President, Lilly USA and Global Customer Capabilities (since 2025). Mr. Yuffa has held various leadership roles with Lilly, including, most recently, as Executive Vice President and President, Lilly International. Previously, he served as senior vice president and president, Lilly Bio-Medicines, vice president of U.S. Diabetes, general manager of Italy Hub, and vice president, global ethics and compliance officer. Mr. Yuffa has 29 years of service with Lilly. 23 Human Capital Management Our core values integrity, excellence, and respect for people shape our approach to attracting, retaining, engaging, and developing a highly skilled workforce. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative medicines. We believe fostering a positive, inclusive culture that values the contributions of our talented colleagues helps drive our success. We are committed to creating a safe, supportive, ethical, and rewarding work environment through intentional focus on our human capital management process, fairness and nondiscrimination in our employment practices, robust training and development opportunities, and competitive pay and benefits. Our focus on inclusion strengthens innovation at Lilly, and we always aim to hire the most qualified candidates. We regularly conduct confidential employee surveys to seek feedback from our workforce on a variety of topics. These results are analyzed by our leaders to identify opportunities to adjust our practices and benefits to improve our employees' experience. As a result of our efforts, we believe that we have a highly performing and cohesive workforce. At the end of 2025, we employed approximately 50,000 people, including approximately 27,000 employees outside the U.S. Our employees include approximately 12,000 people engaged in research and development activities. Information Available on Our Website Our company website is www.lilly.com . None of the information accessible on or through our website is incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available through the website, free of charge, our company filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. These include our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, registration statements, and any amendments to those documents. The link to our SEC filings is investor.lilly.com/financial-information/sec-filings . Paper copies of the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q that are filed with the SEC are available without charge upon written request to: ELI LILLY AND COMPANY c/o General Counsel and Secretary Lilly Corporate Center Indianapolis, Indiana 46285 In addition, the "Governance" section of our website includes our corporate governance guidelines, board of directors and committee information (including committee charters), and our articles of incorporation and bylaws. The link to our corporate governance information is lilly.com/leadership/governance . We routinely post important information for investors in the Investors section of our website, www.lilly.com . We may use our website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investors section of our website, in addition to following our press releases, filings with the SEC, public conference calls, presentations, and webcasts. We and our executive officers may also use social media channels to communicate with investors and the public about our business, products and other matters, and those communications could be deemed to be material information. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our website or our or our executive officers' social media channels, is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 24 Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our company. It is possible that our business, financial condition, liquidity, cash flows, results of operations, reputation, and prospects could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, cash flows, results of operations, reputation, and prospects. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; we may not succeed in developing, licensing, or acquiring commercially successful products sufficient in number or value to replace revenues of products that have lost or will lose intellectual property protection or are displaced by competing products or therapies. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and development, the introduction of new products and indications, business development activities to enhance or refine our product pipeline, and commercialization of our products. There is a high rate of failure inherent in drug discovery and development. To bring a product from the discovery phase to market takes considerable time and entails significant cost. Failure or results that misalign with expectations can occur at any point in the process, including in later stages after substantial investment, following meaningful cost for manufacturing capabilities and inventory to prepare for launch, and after we and others may have attributed significant value for these potential products. As a result, a significant portion of funds invested in research and development programs will not generate direct financial returns. New product candidates that appear promising in development or prior to being acquired may fail to reach the market or may have only limited commercial success because of efficacy or safety concerns, inability to obtain or maintain necessary regulatory approvals or payer reimbursement or coverage, failure to obtain placement on guidelines or recommendations published by third-party organizations, the application of pricing controls, limited scope of approved uses, label changes, changes in the relevant treatment standards or the availability of newer, better, or more cost-effective competitive products, difficulty or excessive costs to manufacture, insufficient infrastructure to support detection, diagnostic or other requisites for treatment, ineffectiveness in connecting with healthcare professionals, including digitally through virtual engagements, or infringement of the patents or intellectual property rights of others. We may also fail to allocate research and development resources efficiently, fail to pursue or invest sufficiently in product candidates or indications that may have been successful, or fail to optimally balance trial design, conduct, and speed to accomplish desired outcomes. We regularly submit new product candidates and indications to regulatory agencies for approval, including highly anticipated candidates such as orforglipron. Regulatory agencies establish high hurdles for the efficacy and safety of new products and indications. Delay, uncertainty, unpredictability, and inconsistency in drug approval processes across markets and agencies can result in delays in product launches, lost market opportunities, impairment of inventories, and other negative impacts. In addition, it can be very difficult to predict revenue growth rates of, or variability in demand for, new or future products and indications, which in some cases leads to difficulty meeting product demand or, on the other hand, lower volume growth, excess inventory, and related financial charges. We cannot state with certainty when or whether our products and indications now under development will be approved or launched; whether, if initially granted, such approval will be maintained; whether we will be able to develop, license, or otherwise acquire additional product candidates, indications, or products; or whether our products and indications, once launched, will be commercially successful. Through internal innovation and business development we must maintain a flow of successful products and indications or line extensions sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and investments and to replace revenues that are lost as profitable products become subject to pricing controls, lose intellectual property exclusivity, are displaced by competing products, or therapies, or experience a reduction in patient access. Failure to replenish our product portfolio and pipeline in a timely manner would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. Our dependence on, or focus in, one or more key products or product classes exacerbates this risk. In addition, the growth of our business and revenue base increases the risk that products developed or acquired by us may not provide adequate value to sustain further long-term growth. 25 We engage in various forms of business development activities to enhance or refine our product pipeline and development capabilities, including licensing arrangements, co-development agreements, co-promotion arrangements, distribution and promotion agreements, joint ventures, acquisitions, equity investments, and divestitures. There are substantial risks associated with identifying and competing for successful business development targets and consummating related transactions. Continued regulatory focus on business combinations in our industry, including by the Federal Trade Commission and competition authorities in Europe and other jurisdictions, and heightened competition for attractive targets has and could continue to delay, jeopardize, or increase the costs or risks of our business development activities. In addition, failures or difficulties in integrating or retaining new personnel or the operations of the businesses, products, or assets we acquire (including related technology, commercial operations, compliance programs, information security, manufacturing, distribution, and general business operations and procedures) may affect our ability to realize the potential benefits of business development transactions and may result in our incurrence of substantial asset impairment or restructuring charges. We also may fail to generate the expected revenue and pipeline enhancement from business development activities due to diligence that fails to identify risks or adequately anticipate their magnitude, unsuccessful clinical trials, issues related to the quality, integrity, or broad applicability of data, regulatory impediments, and manufacturing or commercialization challenges. Additionally, business development activity focused on new modalities may entail additional risks and costs given the high levels of scientific uncertainty inherent in novel technologies. Business development transactions may not be completed in a timely manner (if at all), may not result in successful development outcomes or successful commercialization of any product, may require additional unanticipated investments to achieve potential benefits, may give rise to legal proceedings or regulatory scrutiny, and may result in charges that negatively impact our financial position or results of operations in any given period. See Item 1, "Business Research and Development Phases of New Drug Development," Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis Executive Overview Clinical Development Pipeline" and Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 6: Inventories," for more details about our current product pipeline. We and our products face intense competition, and such competition could have a material adverse effect on our business. We compete with a large number of multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and generic pharmaceutical companies and face intensifying competition worldwide, including from China and other markets where research and development capabilities have expanded and accelerated significantly. In many cases, our products compete against the leading products of one or more of our competitors. To compete successfully in a highly competitive and increasingly fast-paced global environment, we must deliver innovative, cost-effective products through internal innovation or business development that meet important medical needs, provide improved outcomes and a positive consumer experience for patients, and deliver value to payers. Our product revenues and prospects are adversely affected by patient access issues, the introduction by competitors of branded products that are first to market, have better marketplace access, have greater brand recognition, or are perceived as superior by the marketplace, by price competition, by generic or biosimilar versions of our branded products, and by generic or biosimilar versions of other products in the same therapeutic class as our branded products. Our revenues are also adversely affected by treatment innovations, including new or superior modalities, that eliminate or minimize the need for treatment with our existin