=== LLY_2026-02-12.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our company. It is possible that our business, financial condition, liquidity, cash flows, results of operations, reputation, and prospects could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, cash flows, results of operations, reputation, and prospects. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; we may not succeed in developing, licensing, or acquiring commercially successful products sufficient in number or value to replace revenues of products that have lost or will lose intellectual property protection or are displaced by competing products or therapies. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and development, the introduction of new products and indications, business development activities to enhance or refine our product pipeline, and commercialization of our products. There is a high rate of failure inherent in drug discovery and development. To bring a product from the discovery phase to market takes considerable time and entails significant cost. Failure or results that misalign with expectations can occur at any point in the process, including in later stages after substantial investment, following meaningful cost for manufacturing capabilities and inventory to prepare for launch, and after we and others may have attributed significant value for these potential products. As a result, a significant portion of funds invested in research and development programs will not generate direct financial returns. New product candidates that appear promising in development or prior to being acquired may fail to reach the market or may have only limited commercial success because of efficacy or safety concerns, inability to obtain or maintain necessary regulatory approvals or payer reimbursement or coverage, failure to obtain placement on guidelines or recommendations published by third-party organizations, the application of pricing controls, limited scope of approved uses, label changes, changes in the relevant treatment standards or the availability of newer, better, or more cost-effective competitive products, difficulty or excessive costs to manufacture, insufficient infrastructure to support detection, diagnostic or other requisites for treatment, ineffectiveness in connecting with healthcare professionals, including digitally through virtual engagements, or infringement of the patents or intellectual property rights of others. We may also fail to allocate research and development resources efficiently, fail to pursue or invest sufficiently in product candidates or indications that may have been successful, or fail to optimally balance trial design, conduct, and speed to accomplish desired outcomes. We regularly submit new product candidates and indications to regulatory agencies for approval, including highly anticipated candidates such as orforglipron. Regulatory agencies establish high hurdles for the efficacy and safety of new products and indications. Delay, uncertainty, unpredictability, and inconsistency in drug approval processes across markets and agencies can result in delays in product launches, lost market opportunities, impairment of inventories, and other negative impacts. In addition, it can be very difficult to predict revenue growth rates of, or variability in demand for, new or future products and indications, which in some cases leads to difficulty meeting product demand or, on the other hand, lower volume growth, excess inventory, and related financial charges. We cannot state with certainty when or whether our products and indications now under development will be approved or launched; whether, if initially granted, such approval will be maintained; whether we will be able to develop, license, or otherwise acquire additional product candidates, indications, or products; or whether our products and indications, once launched, will be commercially successful. Through internal innovation and business development we must maintain a flow of successful products and indications or line extensions sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and investments and to replace revenues that are lost as profitable products become subject to pricing controls, lose intellectual property exclusivity, are displaced by competing products, or therapies, or experience a reduction in patient access. Failure to replenish our product portfolio and pipeline in a timely manner would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. Our dependence on, or focus in, one or more key products or product classes exacerbates this risk. In addition, the growth of our business and revenue base increases the risk that products developed or acquired by us may not provide adequate value to sustain further long-term growth. 25 We engage in various forms of business development activities to enhance or refine our product pipeline and development capabilities, including licensing arrangements, co-development agreements, co-promotion arrangements, distribution and promotion agreements, joint ventures, acquisitions, equity investments, and divestitures. There are substantial risks associated with identifying and competing for successful business development targets and consummating related transactions. Continued regulatory focus on business combinations in our industry, including by the Federal Trade Commission and competition authorities in Europe and other jurisdictions, and heightened competition for attractive targets has and could continue to delay, jeopardize, or increase the costs or risks of our business development activities. In addition, failures or difficulties in integrating or retaining new personnel or the operations of the businesses, products, or assets we acquire (including related technology, commercial operations, compliance programs, information security, manufacturing, distribution, and general business operations and procedures) may affect our ability to realize the potential benefits of business development transactions and may result in our incurrence of substantial asset impairment or restructuring charges. We also may fail to generate the expected revenue and pipeline enhancement from business development activities due to diligence that fails to identify risks or adequately anticipate their magnitude, unsuccessful clinical trials, issues related to the quality, integrity, or broad applicability of data, regulatory impediments, and manufacturing or commercialization challenges. Additionally, business development activity focused on new modalities may entail additional risks and costs given the high levels of scientific uncertainty inherent in novel technologies. Business development transactions may not be completed in a timely manner (if at all), may not result in successful development outcomes or successful commercialization of any product, may require additional unanticipated investments to achieve potential benefits, may give rise to legal proceedings or regulatory scrutiny, and may result in charges that negatively impact our financial position or results of operations in any given period. See Item 1, "Business—Research and Development—Phases of New Drug Development," Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis—Executive Overview—Clinical Development Pipeline" and Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 6: Inventories," for more details about our current product pipeline. We and our products face intense competition, and such competition could have a material adverse effect on our business. We compete with a large number of multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and generic pharmaceutical companies and face intensifying competition worldwide, including from China and other markets where research and development capabilities have expanded and accelerated significantly. In many cases, our products compete against the leading products of one or more of our competitors. To compete successfully in a highly competitive and increasingly fast-paced global environment, we must deliver innovative, cost-effective products through internal innovation or business development that meet important medical needs, provide improved outcomes and a positive consumer experience for patients, and deliver value to payers. Our product revenues and prospects are adversely affected by patient access issues, the introduction by competitors of branded products that are first to market, have better marketplace access, have greater brand recognition, or are perceived as superior by the marketplace, by price competition, by generic or biosimilar versions of our branded products, and by generic or biosimilar versions of other products in the same therapeutic class as our branded products. Our revenues are also adversely affected by treatment innovations, including new or superior modalities, that eliminate or minimize the need for treatment with our existing products, and our existing products could be subject to decreased sales volumes, realized price reductions, or both. In some cases, the introduction of our own innovative products results in these adverse impacts for our preexisting products. Technological innovation has amplified and we expect will continue to amplify competitive aspects of our business, including by enabling additional participation in and breadth of drug discovery and new healthcare delivery models. Business practices or commercial capabilities that we deploy in light of these or other market dynamics may not prove sufficient. Regulation of generic and biosimilar products varies around the world and such regulation is complex and subject to ongoing interpretation and implementation by regulatory agencies and courts. Particularly for biosimilars, health authority guidelines and legislative actions could continue to make it less burdensome for competitor products to enter the market and further incentivize uptake of biosimilars. Given the importance to us of marketed biologic products and those in our clinical-stage pipeline, such regulation could have a material adverse effect on our business. See Item 1, "Business—Competition" and "Business—Research and Development," for more details. Alternatively, actual or perceived failure of robust generic and biosimilar competition could propel governments to adopt additional policies and legislation that threaten our intellectual property, pricing of our products, or other aspects of our business. 26 Our success depends on a market that is observant of intellectual property rights and regulatory requirements. Developments that undermine that landscape can significantly impact our business and reputation. For example, we continue to see the production, marketing, and sale of counterfeit, misbranded, adulterated, and mass-compounded incretins in the U.S. and other markets that could materially impact us. In addition to patient safety concerns, improper commercialization and dispensation practices by these actors may inappropriately condition consumer expectations or otherwise disadvantage compliant market participants. Our actions intended to stop or prevent illegal sales of such medicines are costly and may be ineffective. See Item 1, "Business—Government Regulation of Our Operations and Products," for additional information on market risks related to counterfeit, misbranded, adulterated, and mass-compounded medicines. If inadequately regulated, e-commerce may increase the prevalence of dangerous counterfeit or mass-compounded products and scams, potentially exposing patients to significant risks. Our reputation and business could suffer harm as a result of counterfeit or mass-compounded drugs sold under our brand name, which may also impact our business and financial results. In addition, we rely on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified and skilled scientific, technical, management, and other personnel in order to compete effectively. To capitalize on the rapid development of next-generation technologies and otherwise effectively compete, we must continue to enhance skill sets and develop our workforce, both in and outside the U.S. We face intense competition for qualified individuals from numerous multinational companies, academic and other research institutions, as well as employers near our manufacturing and other facilities, which has increased and may continue to increase our labor costs. Our failure to compete effectively for talent could negatively affect our ability to discover, develop, manufacture, and sell our medicines, resulting in material financial, legal, commercial, or reputational harm to our business. Our business is subject to government price controls and other public and private restrictions on pricing, reimbursement, and access for our drugs, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, reputation, or business. Public and private actors continue to take aggressive steps to control expenditures for pharmaceuticals by placing restrictions on pricing and reimbursement for, and patient access to, our medicines. These pressures have negatively affected and we expect will continue to negatively affect our consolidated results of operations. Governments and private actors worldwide are demanding greater commercial and clinical value from pharmaceutical companies in the form of strong product differentiation and demonstrated value. We continue to experience scrutiny on the pricing of current and potential products due to, among other factors, payer concern over projected growth in demand and, for certain of these drugs, the anticipated duration of treatment. We have also observed scrutiny of pricing and access disparities across jurisdictions. In November 2025, we announced preliminary voluntary agreements with the U.S. government in which, among other arrangements, we agreed to implement measures to lower Medicaid and certain other drug prices for U.S. patients and to launch new medicines with a more balanced pricing approach across developed nations. We face risks and uncertainty associated with these arrangements and negotiating the definitive agreements, including potential delays and the possibility of unfavorable terms related to pricing, access, and other key objectives. Among other risks, we may fail to adequately capitalize on the additional U.S. access to our obesity medicines resulting from these agreements, particularly if the revenues generated from such expanded access are insufficient to offset pricing concessions. Moreover, the outcome of these arrangements and broader U.S. policy efforts to align domestic pharmaceutical pricing with international benchmarks from countries with competing healthcare cost containment priorities is uncertain and could negatively impact our pricing strategies, product demand or access, or competitive positioning across global markets, and may result in reduced revenue in certain markets. In general, securing and growing access for our obesity medicines is an important factor in the success of our business. Among other considerations, payers in various international markets do not currently provide coverage for obesity medicines for weight loss indications, requiring patient self-pay. In addition, patient self-pay sales through LillyDirect represented a growing portion of our business in 2025, and we have launched, and continue to explore, new partnerships and tools, including through LillyDirect, to further expand access to our medicines. Our financial results and prospects are subject to risks related to the level and pace of patient participation in cash-pay markets, which may be influenced by pricing, economic conditions, and competitive offerings, as well as regulatory or other actions that could restrict our ability to benefit from such markets, and uncertainty regarding our ability to secure reimbursement coverage in such markets over time. 27 Additional policies, regulations, legislation, or enforcement, including because of the regulatory priorities of the U.S. executive branch, state attorneys general, and regulatory authorities worldwide, could adversely impact our business and consolidated results of operations. For example, in August 2023, HHS selected Jardiance, which is part of our collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim, as one of the first ten medicines subject to government-set prices in Medicare (effective beginning in 2026) at a significant discount compared to the list price. In January 2026, HHS selected Trulicity and Verzenio as additional medicines subject to government-set prices to be effective in 2028. Given our product portfolio, we expect additional products will be selected in future years, which would have the effect of accelerating revenue erosion. The effect of reducing prices and reimbursement for certain of our products impacts our business and consolidated results of operations. Within the U.S., state level transparency initiatives, importation rules, reporting requirements, and mandated programs, including the establishment of drug affordability boards with the power to set upper payment limits on certain drugs, have also increased administrative costs, in some cases, compromised confidential business practices and otherwise detrimentally impacted our business. Continued expansion of the 340B program and growth of entities claiming entitlement to 340B pricing, including in ways that may be inconsistent with the statutory scheme and through state laws that purport to mandate 340B sales to contract pharmacies, impact our revenue on an increasing percentage of sales. Changes to the calculation of rebates under the Medicaid program could also increase our Medicaid rebate obligations and decrease the prices charged to 340B covered entities, which could have a significant impact on our business. For more details, see Item 1, "Business—Regulations and Private Payer Actions Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access." Further, restrictive or unfavorable pricing, coverage, or reimbursement determinations for our medicines or product candidates by governments, regulatory agencies, courts, or private actors, including in relation to the IRA, reference pricing, or compulsory licensing, may adversely impact our business and financial results. We continue to experience additional pricing pressures, rebates, clawbacks, and other changes in reimbursement policies and programs resulting from periods of uneven economic growth or downturns or uncertainty, and the emergence or escalation of, and responses to, international tension and conflicts. In addition, government price reporting and payment regulations are complex, and require ongoing assessment of the methods by which we calculate and report pricing. Calculation methodologies are inherently subjective and subject to review and challenge by government agencies and, in some cases, by private actors. If there is disagreement with our calculations, or the methodologies and assumptions underlying them, we may need to restate previously reported data and could be subject to financial and legal liability, which may be significant. In addition, changes to calculation methodologies could adversely affect our financial position or consolidated results of operations in any given period. For more details, see Item 1, "Business—Regulations and Private Payer Actions Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access," Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis—Executive Overview—Other Matters—Trends Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access and Certain Other Regulatory Developments," and Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 16: Contingencies." Pharmaceutical products can develop safety or efficacy concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, income, and reputation. Pharmaceutical products receive regulatory approval based on data obtained in controlled clinical trials of fixed duration and defined populations. After approval and launch, the products are used for longer periods of time by much larger numbers of patients, which may lead to identifying new or expanded safety or efficacy concerns. We and others (including regulatory agencies and private payers) collect extensive information on the efficacy and safety of our marketed products by continuously monitoring the use of our products in the marketplace. In addition, we or others (including our competitors, in some cases) may conduct post-marketing clinical studies on efficacy and safety of our marketed products. New safety or efficacy data may result in product label changes, or other measures that could reduce the product's market acceptance and result in declining sales. Relatedly, safety or efficacy concerns raised about a product in the same class, compounded or counterfeit versions of our products, or products with the same mechanism of action as one of our products or product candidates could be imputed and have an adverse impact on the availability or commercial viability of our products or approval of product candidates. Serious safety or efficacy issues that arise after product approval have resulted and could in the future result in voluntary or mandatory product recalls or withdrawals from the market. Safety issues have resulted and could in the future result in costly product liability claims. Any of these outcomes could result in material financial, legal, commercial, or reputational harm to our business. 28 We derive a significant percentage of our total revenue from relatively few products and sell our products through consolidated supply chain entities, which subjects us to various risks. We derived direct product and/or collaboration and other revenues of more than $3 billion for each of Mounjaro, Zepbound, Verzenio, Trulicity, Taltz, and Jardiance (including Glyxambi, Synjardy, and Trijardy XR) that collectively accounted for 82 percent of our total revenues in 2025. In particular, Mounjaro and Zepbound accounted for 56 percent of our total revenues in 2025, and we expect cardiometabolic health products will continue to represent a significant and growing portion of our business, revenues, and prospects. Factors such as loss of patent protection, changes in prescription rates, material product liability or pricing claims or litigation, unexpected side effects or safety concerns, significant changes or fluctuations in demand, channel dynamics, regulatory proceedings and investigations, negative publicity affecting doctor or patient confidence, pressure from existing or new competitive products, pipeline developments by us or our competitors, counterfeit and illegally compounded drugs, changes in labeling, pricing, and insufficient access, or reimbursement, or actual or perceived supply shortages, imbalances, or disruptions for these products or any of our other major products could materially impact our results of operations or result in significant and sudden declines or volatility in the trading price of our common stock and market capitalization. In addition, in the U.S., most of our products are distributed through a limited number of wholesalers. If one of these significant wholesalers encounters financial or other difficulties or otherwise is unable or unwilling to support distribution of our products, it could cause disruption to our supply chain or we might be unable to timely collect the amounts that the wholesaler owes us, which could negatively impact our results of operations. See Item 1, "Business—Marketing and Distribution," for more details. Challenges to U.S. retail pharmacies due to pharmacy benefit manager reimbursement pressures, among other things, have resulted and may result in financial difficulties for some pharmacies that impact patient experiences, lead to determinations by certain pharmacies to not carry one or more of our significant products or threaten the viability of these pharmacies, which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. Moreover, the negotiating power of health plans, managed care organizations, pharmacy benefit managers, and other supply chain entities has increased, and they, along with governments, employ formularies and other methods to control costs and encourage utilization of certain drugs, including through the use of formulary inclusion or favorable formulary placement. Such stakeholders have also increasingly imposed utilization management and other tools to limit access to our products. These practices in some cases create difficulty in obtaining or maintaining timely or adequate pricing or formulary placement of our products. For example, in July 2025, CVS Caremark, the pharmacy benefit management division of CVS Health, stopped covering Zepbound as a preferred obesity management medicine on some insurance plans, which has negatively impacted access for patients covered under these plans. We expect supply chain entities will continue to exert competitive and pricing pressures on pharmaceutical manufacturers. Pharmacy benefit manager practices have come under increased scrutiny from U.S. policymakers at the federal and state levels who have proposed and enacted legislation or administrative rules, or undertaken enforcement actions intended to address concerns regarding the impact these intermediaries have on drug pricing and patients’ out of pocket costs. Such legislation, rules, or enforcement could have implications, costs, or consequences for our business and how we interact with these entities. For additional information on pricing and reimbursement for our pharmaceutical products, see Item 1, "Business—U.S. Private Sector Dynamics" and "Regulations and Private Payer Actions Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access—U.S." Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property We depend on products with intellectual property protection for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings; the loss of effective intellectual property protection for certain of our products has resulted, and in the future is likely to continue to result, in rapid and severe declines in revenues for those products. In the ordinary course of their lifecycles, our products lose significant patent protection and/or data protection after a specified period of time. For example, Trulicity will lose significant patent and remaining data protections in the next few years. Some products also lose patent protection as a result of successful third-party challenges. We have faced, and remain exposed to, generic or biosimilar competition following the expiration or loss of such intellectual property protection. Patent expirations of competitive products may also shift market conditions for our products by contracting the market for branded products, impacting product access, or otherwise intensifying pricing pressures across similar treatments. 29 For non-biologic products, loss of exclusivity typically results in the entry of one or more generic competitors, leading to a rapid and severe decline in revenues, especially in the U.S. Generic pharmaceutical companies have in some cases introduced a generic product before resolution of any related patent litigation. For biologics, loss of exclusivity may also result in the near-term entry of competitor versions (i.e., biosimilars). Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and defend patent rights and other intellectual property rights that are important to the commercialization of our products and product candidates. The patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can be highly uncertain and often involve complex legal, scientific, and factual questions. There is no assurance that the patents we are seeking will be granted or that the patents we hold will be found valid and enforceable if challenged. Third parties have and may challenge, invalidate, or circumvent our patents and patent applications relating to our products, product candidates, and technologies. In addition, our patent positions might not protect us against competitors with similar products or technologies because competing products or technologies may not be deemed to infringe our patents. Moreover, patents relating to particular products, uses, formulations, or processes may not preclude other manufacturers from employing alternative processes or marketing alternative products or formulations that compete with our patented products. Patents held by third parties have also contributed, and may in the future contribute, to a decision by us to not pursue all potential indications for a product candidate. In addition, competitors or other third parties may assert claims that our activities infringe patents or other intellectual property rights held by them, or allege a third-party right of ownership in our existing intellectual property. See Item 1, "Business—Patents, Trademarks, and Other Intellectual Property Rights" and Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 16: Contingencies," for more details. Patents relating to pharmaceutical products are often obtained early in the development process. Given the limited duration of patent and data protections, the speed with which we develop products, complete clinical testing, receive regulatory approvals, supply commercial products to the market, and obtain public and private payer access are important factors in recouping our development costs and generating financial returns, particularly give

=== LLY_2026-04-30.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Our material risk factors are disclosed in "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds The following table summarizes the activity related to repurchases of our equity securities during the three months ended March 31, 2026: Total Number of Shares Purchased (in thousands) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (in thousands) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) January 2026 1,079 $ 1,024.22 1,079 $ 9,814 February 2026 133 1,029.80 133 9,677 March 2026 1,164 947.93 1,164 8,573 Total 2,376 987.15 2,376 During the three months ended March 31, 2026, we repurchased $2.3 billion of shares under our $15.0 billion share repurchase program that our board authorized in December 2024. Item 5. Other Information On February 10, 2026 , a sales plan was entered into with respect to shares of company common stock indirectly reported by Anat Hakim , executive vice president, general counsel and secretary (Hakim Plan). The Hakim Plan calls for the sale of up to 10,000 shares between August 7, 2026 and November 30, 2026 subject to the terms and conditions of the Hakim Plan. On February 13, 2026 , Ilya Yuffa , executive vice president and president Lilly USA and Global Customer Capabilities , adopted a sales plan (Yuffa Plan). The Yuffa Plan calls for the sale of up to 2,500 shares of company common stock between June 10, 2026 and October 9, 2026 subject to the terms and conditions of the Yuffa Plan. On February 17, 2026 , Patrik Jonsson , executive vice president and president, Lilly International , adopted a sales plan (Jonsson Plan). The Jonsson Plan calls for the sale of up to 6,500 shares of company common stock between August 17, 2026 and February 16, 2027 subject to the terms and conditions of the Jonsson Plan. Each of the above-described plans were entered into during an open trading window and are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act of 1934 and our policies regarding trading in our securities. 30 Item 6. Exhibits The following documents are filed as a part of this Quarterly Report: Exhibit Description 3.1 Amended Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2022 3.2 Bylaws, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2022 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of David Ricks, Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer* 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Lucas Montarce, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer* 32 Section 1350 Certification* 101 Interactive Data Files (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)* 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)* * Filed herewith. Long-term debt instruments under which the total amount of securities authorized does not exceed 10 percent of our consolidated assets are not filed as exhibits to this Quarterly Report. We will furnish a copy of these agreements to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. ELI LILLY AND COMPANY (Registrant) Date: April 30, 2026 /s/ Lucas Montarce Lucas Montarce Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: April 30, 2026 /s/ Donald Zakrowski Donald Zakrowski Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Accounting Officer 31 