=== APTV_2026-03-16.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A 0001521332 false DEF 14A 0001521332 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001521332 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001521332 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001521332 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001521332 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001521332 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001521332 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001521332 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001521332 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001521332 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001521332 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001521332 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001521332 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001521332 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001521332 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001521332 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001521332 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001521332 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001521332 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 Aptiv PLC (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents LETTER FROM CEO To Our Shareholders I am pleased to invite you to Aptiv PLC s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on Wednesday, April 29, 2026, at 9:00 a.m. local time, at Aptiv's offices located at No. 300, Yuanguo Road, Anting, Jiading District, Shanghai, China. The following Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement describes the business that will be conducted at the Annual Meeting. You can find financial and other information about Aptiv in the accompanying Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. These materials are also available on the investor relations portion of our website, aptiv.com. Aptiv is a global industrial technology company providing advanced software and optimized hardware solutions that enable devices to sense, think, act, and optimize. Our products are deployed across automotive, commercial vehicle, aerospace and defense, telecom and datacom, and diversified industrial markets. Shared secular trends of automation, electrification, and digitalization are creating common customer need and transforming these industries, providing opportunity for Aptiv. 2025 was a year of strong execution and strategic progress. We delivered record levels across each of revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share. Our operating model, backed by a resilient global supply chain, executed in-region, for-region, proved invaluable. The end-to-end visibility provided by our comprehensive global supply chain digital twin allowed us to anticipate disruptions and keep our customers connected with minimal impact to our operations. All of this was validated by external recognition, including Volkswagen Group s Resilient Supply Chain award, General Motors Supplier Quality Excellence Awards for multiple facilities, and Nissan s Global Supplier Innovation Award. Aptiv was also recognized as one of the World s Best Companies and World s Most Sustainable Companies by TIME magazine, along with being named one of Ethisphere s World's Most Ethical Companies for the 13th consecutive year . The separation of our Electrical Distribution Systems business as Versigent (NYSE: VGNT) is on track for completion on April 1, 2026, and will result in two independent companies that are optimally positioned to pursue their respective market opportunities and capital allocation strategies, unlocking incremental value for our shareholders. Your vote is very important. I encourage you to sign and return your proxy card or use telephone or Internet voting so that your shares will be represented and voted at the meeting. Thank you for your continued support. We look forward to seeing you on April 29, 2026. Sincerely, Kevin P. Clark Chair and Chief Executive Officer Table of Contents NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 1 Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Wednesday, April 29, 2026 9:00 a.m. Local Time Aptiv's Offices No. 300, Yuanguo Road, Anting, Jiading District, Shanghai, China Record Date The close of business March 3, 2026 MEETING AGENDA Presenting the Company s accounts and auditors reports for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 to the shareholders, passing the following resolutions, and transacting such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting: ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS THAT the following directors be elected as directors of the Company: 1) Kevin P. Clark 2) H kan Agnevall 3) Nancy E. Cooper 4) Joseph L. Hooley 5) Vasumati P. Jakkal 6) Merit E. Janow 7) Sean O. Mahoney 8) Paul M. Meister 9) Robert K. Ortberg 10) Colin J. Parris 11) Ana G. Pinczuk AUDITORS 12) THAT Ernst Young LLP be re-appointed as the auditors of the Company until the Annual Meeting of the Company to be held in 2027, that the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm is ratified and that directors are authorized to determine the fees to be paid to the auditors. ADVISORY, NON-BINDING RESOLUTIONS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 13) THAT the Company s shareholders approve, on an advisory, non-binding basis, the Company s executive compensation. Resolutions 1 to 12 will be proposed as ordinary resolutions, and Resolution 13 will be proposed as an advisory, non-binding resolution. Table of Contents 2 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS RECORD DATE You are entitled to vote only if you were a shareholder of Aptiv PLC at the close of business on March 3, 2026. Holders of ordinary shares of Aptiv PLC are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on the record date. ATTENDANCE AT THE ANNUAL MEETING We hope you will be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person. If you expect to attend, please check the appropriate box on the proxy card when you return your proxy or follow the instructions on your proxy card to vote and confirm your attendance by telephone or Internet. WHERE TO FIND MORE INFORMATION ABOUT THE RESOLUTIONS AND PROXIES Additional information regarding the business to be conducted and the resolutions is set out in the proxy statement (the Proxy Statement ) and other proxy materials, which can be accessed by following the instructions on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials that accompanies this Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. You are entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend the Annual Meeting and vote on your behalf. Your proxy does not need to be a shareholder of the Company. Instructions on how to appoint a proxy are set out in the Proxy Statement and on the proxy card. BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Katherine H. Ramundo Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary PLEASE NOTE THAT YOU WILL NEED PROOF THAT YOU OWN APTIV SHARES AS OF THE RECORD DATE TO BE ADMITTED TO THE ANNUAL MEETING. This Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and the Proxy Statement are being distributed or made available on or about March 16, 2026. SPIN-OFF OF ELECTRICAL DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS BUSINESS On January 22, 2025, the Company announced its intention to pursue a separation of its Electrical Distribution Systems business into a new, independent publicly traded company, Versigent, through a transaction expected to be treated as a tax-free spin-off to its shareholders (the Separation ). The Company plans to complete the Separation by April 1, 2026, subject to customary closing conditions. REORGANIZATION On December 17, 2024, Aptiv completed a scheme of arrangement under Jersey law (the Scheme ), which was approved by its shareholders on December 2, 2024 and sanctioned by the Royal Court of Jersey on December 13, 2024. Pursuant to the Scheme, the ordinary shares of Aptiv Irish Holdings Limited (formerly known as Aptiv PLC), a company organized under the laws of Jersey and the then publicly traded parent company of the Aptiv group (the Predecessor ), were canceled and the holders thereof received, on a one-for-one basis, ordinary shares of Aptiv PLC. Following the Scheme, Aptiv PLC became the publicly traded parent company of the Aptiv group, and the Predecessor became a wholly owned subsidiary of Aptiv PLC. References in this Proxy Statement to we, our, Aptiv, Aptiv PLC or the Company refer to the Predecessor prior to completion of the Scheme and to Aptiv PLC after the completion of the Scheme. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS 3 Table of C ontents 2026 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 6 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (Resolutions 1 to 11) 9 BOARD PRACTICES Board and Governance Information 16 Size of the Board 17 Leadership Structure 17 Director Independence 18 Audit Committee Financial Experts 18 Evaluation of Board Performance 18 Director Commitments Oversight 19 Director Selection and Nominations 19 Skills and Experience of Our Director Nominees 20 Director Retirement 20 Board Refreshment 21 Executive Sessions 21 Board s Role in Risk Oversight 21 Board s Role in Sustainability Oversight 22 Governance Principles 22 Code of Conduct 22 Insider Trading Policy 22 Communications with the Board of Directors 23 BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS 24 BOARD COMMITTEES 24 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Board Compensation 26 2025 Director Compensation 26 Stock Ownership Guidelines 27 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS A Note from the Chair of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee 28 Overview 29 2025 Year in Review 29 Compensation Governance and Alignment with Shareholders 31 Executive Compensation Philosophy and Strategy 32 2025 Compensation Program Overview 34 2025 Annual Compensation Determination 36 2025 Long-Term Incentive Compensation 39 Other Compensation 42 Compensation Governance Practices 43 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 46 Table of Contents 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 47 2025 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS 49 2025 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 50 2025 OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED TABLE 51 2025 NON-QUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION Plan Benefits 52 Investment Options 52 Deferral Election Process 52 Distributions 52 Vesting 52 2025 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Table 53 POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL Employment Arrangements 54 Annual Incentive Plan 54 Long-Term Incentive Plan 54 Change in Control Plan 55 Severance Plan 55 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control Table 57 CEO PAY RATIO 58 2025 PAY VERSUS PERFORMANCE TABLE Analysis of the Information Presented in the Pay Versus Performance Table 60 Most Important Measures in Linking Compensation with Performance in Fiscal Year 2025 62 REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 63 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S FEES 64 APPOINTMENT OF AND PAYMENT TO AUDITORS (Resolution 12) 65 ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (Resolution 13) 66 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS 67 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT 68 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 69 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS 5 OTHER INFORMATION Presentation of Accounts 70 Other Business 70 Shareholder Proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting 70 Householding 70 Record Date 70 Voting Prior to the Annual Meeting 70 Changing Your Vote before the Annual Meeting 71 Voting at the Annual Meeting 71 Quorum for the Annual Meeting 71 Voting Tabulation 71 Broker Non-Votes 71 Attending the Annual Meeting 72 Accessing Proxy Materials on the Internet 72 Notice and Access 72 Proxy Solicitation 72 Corporate Governance Information 72 Voting Results for the Annual Meeting 73 Requests for Copies of Annual Report 73 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting to be Held on April 29, 2026 73 APPENDIX A A-1 Table of Contents 6 2026 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 2026 Proxy Statement-Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in the Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS DIRECTOR NOMINEES Date: April 29, 2026 Name Director Since Independent Time: 9:00 a.m. local time Location: Aptiv's offices located at No. 300, Yuanguo Road, Anting, Jiading District, Shanghai, China Record Date: March 3, 2026 Kevin P. Clark 2015 H kan Agnevall 2025 Nancy Cooper 2018 GENERAL INFORMATION Stock Symbol: APTV Exchange: NYSE Ordinary Shares Outstanding (as of the record date): 213,141,325 shares Registrar Transfer Agent: Computershare Investor Services Corporate Website: aptiv.com Investor Relations Website: ir.aptiv.com Joseph L. Hooley 2020 Vasumati P. Jakkal 2024 Merit E. Janow 2021 Sean O. Mahoney 2009 Paul M. Meister 2019 Robert K. Ortberg 2018 Colin J. Parris 2017 Ana G. Pinczuk 2016 SHAREHOLDER VOTING MATTERS NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Proposal Board s Voting Recommendation Kevin P. Clark Chair and Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") Election of Directors FOR EACH NOMINEE Varun Laroyia Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm FOR Javed A. Khan Executive Vice President and President, Software and Advanced Safety and User Experience ("AS UX") Joseph T. Liotine Executive Vice President and President, Electrical Distribution Systems ("EDS") Joseph R. Massaro Vice Chair and President, Engineered Components Group ("ECG") Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation FOR BOARD MEETING INFORMATION Board Meetings in 2025: 10 Standing Board Committee Meetings in 2025: Audit (5), Compensation and Human Resources (5), Finance (6), Innovation and Technology (5), Nominating and Governance (5) CORPORATE GOVERNANCE BEST PRACTICES 10 of 11 Independent Directors Annual Election of Directors Board Diversity and Experience Annual Board and Committee Evaluations COMPENSATION BEST PRACTICES Robust Stock Ownership Guidelines Clawback Policy Restrictive Covenants for Executives No Excise Tax Gross-Ups No Hedging/No Pledging Table of Contents 7 Table of Contents Table of Contents ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 9 Election of Directors (RESOLUTIONS 1 TO 11) All of our current directors are nominated for one-year terms to serve until the 2027 annual meeting, or until such director s earlier resignation, retirement or other termination of service. The Board believes that the combination of the various qualifications, skills, and breadth and depth of experiences of the director nominees contributes to an effective and well-functioning Board. The Board and the Nominating and Governance Committee believe that, individually and as a whole, the directors possess the necessary qualifications to provide effective oversight of the business and quality advice and counsel to the Company s management. Included in each director nominee s biography below is an assessment of each of their specific qualifications, attributes, skills and experience. Committee memberships listed below are as of the date of this Proxy Statement. In connection with the Scheme completed on December 17, 2024, the then-serving directors of the Predecessor became the directors of Aptiv PLC with the same term of office as they had with the Predecessor. References below to tenure on the Board for each of our directors includes their service on the board of the Predecessor. Mr. Mahoney was a member of the Board prior to the Company s initial public offering in 2011, and information included in this Proxy Statement as to his tenure on our Board reflects that service. The Board has been informed that each nominee is willing to continue to serve as a director. If a director does not receive a majority of the vote for his or her election, then that director will not be elected to the Board, and the Board may fill the vacancy with a different person, or the Board may reduce the number of directors to eliminate the vacancy. KEVIN P. CLARK | Age: 63 Kevin P. Clark has been a director since March 2015, when he became Aptiv s President and Chief Executive Officer. In April 2022, he was named Chair and Chief Executive Officer. In 2014, Mr. Clark was appointed Chief Operating Officer responsible for Aptiv s business segments, as well as the global supply chain function. He joined Aptiv in 2010 as Chief Financial Officer, responsible for all financial activities, including strategic planning, corporate development, financial planning and analysis, treasury, accounting, and tax. Before joining Aptiv, he was a founding partner of Liberty Lane Partners, LLC, a private investment company with investment holdings in healthcare, technology and distribution-related industries from 2007 to 2010. He served as Chief Financial Officer of Fisher Scientific International Inc., a manufacturer, distributor and service provider to the global healthcare market, from the company s initial public offering in 2001 through the completion of its merger with Thermo Electron Corporation in 2006 forming Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.. He also held a number of senior management positions while at Fisher Scientific. He began his career in the financial organization of Chrysler Corporation. Mr. Clark has both a bachelor s degree in financial administration and a master s degree in finance from Michigan State University. QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Clark is a proven leader with notable success in creating and implementing Aptiv s business and technology strategies. As our Chair and CEO, and former COO and CFO, he provides the Board with significant strategic, financial and industry expertise. CHAIR CEO DIRECTOR SINCE: MARCH 2015 NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR APTIV COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS: None Current Public Company Directorships: Previous Public Company Directorships in Last Five Years: United Parcel Services, Inc. None Table of Contents 10 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS H KAN AGNEVALL | Age: 59 H kan Agnevall has been a director since December 2025. Mr. Agnevall is President and Chief Executive Officer of W rtsil Corporation, a global leader in innovative technologies and complete lifecycle solutions for the marine and energy industries, a position he has held from February 2021. Before joining W rtsil , he was President of Volvo Buses and member of the Volvo Group Management, a position he held from 2013 to 2021. Previously, Mr. Agnevall held various leadership positions at Bombardier Transportation, a global leader in rail equipment, from 2010 to 2013; and at ABB Ltd., a global leader in electrification and automation, from 2003 to 2009. From 2000 to 2003, Mr. Agnevall worked in finance and consulting. He began his career at ABB Ltd. in 1991 and spent eight years there in a variety of engineering and commercial roles. Mr. Agnevall has a master s degree in engineering physics paralleled by a bachelor s degree in business administration from Lund University (Sweden) and later a master s of business administration from IMD (Switzerland). QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Agnevall brings to the Board a strong track record of business transformations and turnarounds in industries with highly engineered solutions. He has extensive international experience, having worked and lived in Scandinavia, the US, Thailand, Brazil and Switzerland. He is recognized for technology and service leadership, using disruption as an opportunity to position businesses for the future. DIRECTOR SINCE: DECEMBER 2025 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR APTIV COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS: None Current Public Company Directorships: Previous Public Company Directorships in Last Five Years: None None Nancy E. Cooper | Age: 72 Nancy E. Cooper has been a director since February 2018. Ms. Cooper is the former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CA Technologies, an IT management software provider, a position she held from 2006 until she retired in 2011. Before joining CA, she served as the Chief Financial Officer of IMS Health, Inc. from 2001 to 2006 and as Chief Financial Officer for Reciprocal, Inc. from 2000 to 2001. She began her career at IBM Corporation in 1976, where she held positions of increasing responsibility over a 22-year period, focusing on technology strategy and financial management. Ms. Cooper has bachelor s degrees in both economics and political science from Bucknell University and a master s of business administration from the Harvard Graduate School of Business. QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Cooper brings to the Board significant experience leading a global public company finance organization, and contributes leadership, financial, risk management, technology and strategy expertise. DIRECTOR SINCE: FEBRUARY 2018 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR APTIV COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS: Audit Committee (Chair) and Nominating and Governance Committee Current Public Company Directorships: Previous Public Company Directorships in Last Five Years: Brunswick Corporation The Mosaic Company (2011-2021) Table of Contents ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 11 Joseph L. (Jay) Hooley | Age: 68 Joseph L. (Jay) Hooley has been a director since January 2020. Mr. Hooley is the former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of State Street Corporation, one of the world s leading providers of financial services to institutional investors, including investment servicing, investment management and investment research and trading. He served as State Street s Chairman from 2011 to 2019, its Chief Executive Officer from 2010 to 2018, and its President and Chief Operating Officer from 2008 to 2014. From 2002 to 2008, he served as Executive Vice President and head of State Street s Investor Services Division, and, in 2006, he was appointed Vice Chairman and Global Head of State Street s Investment Servicing and Investment Research and Trading. Mr. Hooley has a bachelor s degree from Boston College. QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Hooley s long tenure as a public company executive leading and transforming a global financial services organization, including his extensive experience with institutional investors through his role as Chairman and CEO of State Street, provides the Board with significant expertise in management, strategic planning and corporate governance, as well as a global business perspective, and his unique background helps the Board better understand investors points of view and ensures those perspectives are incorporated into Board discussions with management on important strategic topics. DIRECTOR SINCE: JANUARY 2020 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR APTIV COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS: Compensation and Human Resources Committee (Chair) and Audit Committee Current Public Company Directorships: Previous Public Company Directorships in Last Five Years: Exxon Mobil Corporation (Lead Independent Director) IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. None Vasumati P. (Vasu) Jakkal | Age: 50 Vasumati P. (Vasu) Jakkal has been a director since April 2024. Ms. Jakkal is the Corporate Vice President of Security, Compliance, Identity Privacy at Microsoft Corporation, a position she has held since 2020. Prior to joining Microsoft, from 2017 to 2020, she served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer at FireEye-Mandiant (acquired by Google), which provided hardware, software and services that investigate cybersecurity attacks and analyze IT security risks. From 2014 to 2017, Ms. Jakkal was Vice President, Corporate Marketing Strategy at Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (now Broadcom Inc.), a networking provider of software and hardware solutions spanning the cloud to the edge. Prior to that, she was with LSI Corporation (now Broadcom Inc.), a designer, developer, manufacturer and global supplier of semiconductor and infrastructure software products, where she served as the Chief of Staff and Technical Advisor to the CEO and COO. She began her career at Intel Corporation, where she held positions of increasing responsibility spanning engineering to general management from 1999 until 2012. Ms. Jakkal has a bachelor s degree in electrical engineering from the College of Engineering, Pune (India) and a master s degree in electrical engineering from the University of Minnesota. QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Jakkal has over 20 years of technology experience across cybersecurity, cloud, IOT, AI and mobility, which provides the Board with critical expertise as Aptiv accelerates its innovation in and commercialization of new technologies across industries. DIRECTOR SINCE: APRIL 2024 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR APTIV COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS: Innovation and Technology Committee Current Public Company Directorships: Previous Public Company Directorships in Last Five Years: None None Table of Contents 12 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Merit E. Janow | Age: 67 Merit E. Janow has been a director since April 2021. Professor Janow is the Dean Emerita of the Faculty and currently Professor of Practice in the School of International and Public Affairs (SIPA) at Columbia University, a position she has held since 1993. Previously, she was the Dean of the faculty of SIPA from 2013 to 2021. She regularly teaches graduate courses in international economic policy and law, at both SIPA and Columbia Law School. She has published numerous articles and several books. Professor Janow has had three periods of government service, serving as one of seven members of the Appellate Body of the World Trade Organization from 2003 to 2007, as the Executive Director of the International Competition Policy Advisory Committee of the U.S. Department of Justice s Antitrust Division from 1997 to 2000, and as Deputy Assistant U.S. Trade Representative for Japan and China from 1990 to 1993. She served on the Board of Directors and as Chair of the Nasdaq Stock Markets LLC of the Nasdaq OMX Group from 2005 to 2016. Professor Janow has a bachelor s degree in Asian Studies from the University of Michigan and a juris doctorate degree from Columbia Law School. QUALIFICATIONS: Professor Janow s extensive knowledge and experience in international trade, economics, policy and regulatory matters provide valuable insight to the Company given the global nature of our business, and she particularly contributes meaningful perspective on the Asia Pacific region, as a result of her background and experience. DIRECTOR SINCE: APRIL 2021 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR APTIV COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS: Compensation and Human Resources Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee Current Public Company Directorships: Previous Public Company Directorships in Last Five Years: Mastercard Inc. (Non-Executive Board Chair) Trimble Inc. (2008-2021) Sean O. Mahoney | Age: 63 Sean O. Mahoney has been a director since November 2009. Mr. Mahoney is a private investor with over three decades of experience in investment banking and finance. He spent 17 years in investment banking at Goldman, Sachs Co. from 1987 to 2004, where he was a partner and head of the Financial Sponsors Group, followed by four years at Deutsche Bank Securities, where he served as Vice Chairman, Global Banking from 2004 to 2008. During his banking career, he acted as an advisor to companies across a broad range of industries and product areas. Mr. Mahoney has a bachelor s degree from the University of Chicago and a master s degree from Oxford University, where he was a Rhodes Scholar. QUALIFICATIONS: Through his many years of experience in investment banking and finance, Mr. Mahoney provides the Board with expertise in value-creation and business strategy, capital markets, financing, and mergers and acquisitions. DIRECTOR SINCE: NOVEMBER 2009 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR APTIV COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS: Finance Committee (Chair) and Nominating and Governance Committee Current Public Company Directorships: Previous Public Company Directorships in Last Five Years: Pepco Group N.V. iHeartMedia, Inc. (2019-2021) Table of Contents ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 13 Paul M. Meister | Age: 73 Paul M. Meister has been a director since July 2019 and our Lead Independent Director since April 2022. Mr. Meister is a partner in Novalis LifeSciences, a Life Science focused venture firm and is also co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of Liberty Lane Partners, LLC, a private investment company with investment holdings in healthcare, technology and distribution-related industries. From 2014 to 2018, he was President of MacAndrews Forbes Incorporated, a private company that owns or controls a diverse set of businesses. During 2018, he also served, on an interim basis, as Executive Vice Chairman of Revlon, Inc. a leading beauty products company. He served from 2010 to 2014 as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of inVentiv Health (now Syneos Health), a leading provider of commercial, consulting and clinical research services to the pharmaceutical and biotech industries. He was Chairman of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc, a scientific instruments equipment and supplies company, from November 2006 to April 2007. He was previously an Executive Officer of Fisher Scientific International Inc., a predecessor of Thermo Fisher Scientific from 1991 to 2006. Mr. Meister has a bachelor s degree from the University of Michigan and a master s of business administration degree from Northwestern University. QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Meister s extensive public company experience, as both an executive and a board member, provides the Board with significant expertise in management, strategy, finance and capital markets, operations, and mergers and acquisitions. LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR DIRECTOR SINCE: JULY 2019 APTIV COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS: Compensation and Human Resources Committee, Finance Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee (Chair) Current Public Company Directorships: Previous Public Company Directorships in Last Five Years: Amneal Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Non-Executive Chair) Oaktree Acquisition Corp.III Life Sciences Oaktree Acquisition Corp.I (2019-2021) Oaktree Acquisition Corp.II (2020-2022) Quanterix Corporation (2013-2025) Robert K. (kelly) Ortberg | Age: 65 Robert K. (Kelly) Ortberg has been a director since September 2018. Mr. Ortberg has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of The Boeing Company since August 2024. Previously, Mr. Ortberg was the Chief Executive Officer of Collins Aerospace, a United Technologies company, a position he held from 2018 to 2020. Following his retirement from Collins Aerospace, he served as a Special Advisor to the office of the Chief Executive Officer for RTX Corporation (formerly Raytheon Technologies Corporation), an aerospace and defense company that provides advanced systems and services for commercial, military and government customers worldwide until 2021. He previously served at Rockwell Collins, Inc. as its Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer from 2015 to 2018; President and CEO from 2013 to 2015; President from 2012 to 2013; Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Government Systems from 2010 to 2012; and Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer of Commercial Systems from 2006 to 2010. Before taking on those roles, he held other executive positions at Rockwell Collins, which he joined in 1987. Mr. Ortberg has a bachelor s degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Iowa. QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Ortberg brings to the Board a track record of operational and technology leadership, global management, accelerating company growth and creating shareholder value, coupled with a strong background in transformation and innovation and more than 30 years of experience in aerospace and defense. DIRECTOR SINCE: SEPTEMBER 2018 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR APTIV COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS: Audit Committee and Innovation and Technology Committee Current Public Company Directorships: Previous Public Company Directorships in Last Five Years: The Boeing Company RTX Corporation (formerly Raytheon Technologies Corporation) (2020-2024) Table of Contents 14 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Colin J. Parris | Age: 64 Colin J. Parris has been a director since December 2017. Dr. Parris is the former Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer at GE Digital, a position he held from May 2020 until April 2024. He joined General Electric in 2014 as a GE Officer and Vice President, GE Software Research. Before joining GE, he spent two decades at IBM in a variety of executive roles, serving most recently as Vice President, Systems Research in the IBM T.J. Watson Research Division from 2013 to 2014 and General Manager for IBM s Power Systems business from 2010 to 2013. Dr. Parris has a bachelor s degree in electrical engineering from Howard University, a master s degrees in electrical engineering and computer science from the University of California, Berkeley, and a master s degree in management from Stanford University. He also has a Ph.D in electrical engineering from the University of California, Berkeley. QUALIFICATIONS: Dr. Parris has an extensive technology background with significant experience in software and leading digital transformations. His deep technology background and current focus on data software and artificial intelligence provide valuable knowledge and relevant insight to the Board. DIRECTOR SINCE: DECEMBER 2017 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR APTIV COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS: Audit Committee and Innovation Technology Committee (Chair) Current Public Company Directorships: Previous Public Company Directorships in Last Five Years: Corebridge Financial, Inc. None Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated Ana G. Pinczuk | Age: 62 Ana G. Pinczuk has been a director since November 2016. Effective September 2025, Ms. Pinczuk was appointed President of Product Technology for SentinelOne, Inc., a leading AI-powered cybersecurity platform. Ms. Pinczuk was previously the Chief Operating Officer for Dexterity, Inc., a company that has created AI-enabled robots for logistics and warehouse automation from December 2022 to May 2024. From 2019 to 2022, Ms. Pinczuk served as the Chief Development Officer for Anaplan, Inc., which provides a cloud-based connected planning platform that helps connect organizations and people to make better and faster decisions. She joined Anaplan in 2019 as Chief Transformation Officer. Before that she held the following positions from 2015 to 2018: President of Hewlett Packard Enterprise s Pointnext technology services organization; Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer of Veritas Technologies LLC, a data management provider specializing in information protection, availability and insight solutions; and Senior Vice President and General Manager of Backup and Recovery for Symantec Corporation. From 2000 to 2015, Ms. Pinczuk served in various executive positions at Cisco Systems, Inc., including Senior Vice President, Sales from 2014 to 2015, Senior Vice President, Services Transformation and Chief Operating Officer from 2013 to 2014, and Vice President, Global Technical Services from 2009 to 2013. Before joining Cisco, she spent 15 years with AT T, Inc., in positions of increasing responsibility. Ms. Pinczuk has both a bachelor s degree and a master s degree in mechanical engineering from Cornell University, an executive master s degree in technology management from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, a master s degree in software management from Carnegie Mellon University, and a master's degree in cybersecurity, risk and strategy from New York University. QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Pinczuk s broad technology and commercial experience spans AI/ML, IP networking, mobility, software/SaaS, data storage and security, making her a strong contributor to the Board as Aptiv accelerates its innovation in and commercialization of new technologies. DIRECTOR SINCE: NOVEMBER 2016 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR APTIV COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS: Finance Committee and Innovation Technology Committee Current Public Company Directorships: Previous Public Company Directorships in Last Five Years: SentinelOne, Inc. SmartRent Inc. Five9, Inc. (2021-2023) Table of Contents ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 15 THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR EACH OF THE 11 DIRECTOR NOMINEES NAMED ABOVE. IF YOU COMPLETE THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD, UNLESS YOU DIRECT OTHERWISE ON THAT CARD, THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THAT PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF ALL 11 NOMINEES. Table of Contents 16 BOARD PRACTICES Board Practices BOARD AND GOVERNANCE INFORMATION The Company is committed to good corporate governance, which we believe is important to the success of our business and to advancing shareholder interests. Highlights include: Board Independence and Accountability Board Independence 10 of 11 director nominees are independent. Our Chair and Chief Executive Officer is the only non-independent director. Board Leadership Current Board leadership structure is comprised of our Chair and a strong Lead Independent Director, who provides independent Board leadership, based on robust and clearly delineated responsibilities. Board Engagement Attendance: All directors attended more than 75% of Board and their respective Committee meetings in 2025. All director nominees are expected to attend the Annual Meeting. Independent directors meet in executive session at every regular Board and Board Committee meeting. Board Composition and Diversity Directors have a diversity of experience that spans a broad range of industries. Directors have a broad array of attributes and skills directly relevant to the Company. 5 of our 11 director nominees are female and/or racially/ethnically diverse. No director should stand for election if the director has reached age 75, unless the Board determines that such director s continued service is in the Company s interest. Board Committees Fully independent Audit, Compensation and Human Resources, Finance, Innovation and Technology and Nominating and Governance Committees. Each Committee has a written charter that is reviewed annually and is available on our website. Board Accountability Annual elections of all directors. Majority voting standards for election of directors. Annual Say-on-Pay vote. Annual shareholder ratification of the Audit Committee s selection of our independent auditor. Code of Conduct applies to all directors and employees. Responsiveness to Shareholders and Shareholder Engagement Following each Annual Meeting, the appropriate Committees of the Board consider the vote outcomes of the management and shareholder proposals and, depending on those vote outcomes, may recommend proposed courses of action. Directors are committed to meaningful engagement, communication and transparency with shareholders and welcome their input and suggestions, to better understand shareholders perspectives about Aptiv. Board members meet with top shareholders for conversations focused on a variety of topics, including strategic initiatives and sustainability, human capital matters and governance matters, when appropriate. Table of Contents BOARD PRACTICES 17 Stock Ownership Non-employee directors are subject to robust stock ownership guidelines of $600,000 in Aptiv shares, representing five times the annual maximum cash retainer. No hedging/no pledging. Board Effectiveness Board Committee and Director Evaluations Annual Board and Committee self-evaluation process. Annual director performance evaluations. Ongoing assessment of corporate governance best practices appropriate for Aptiv. Overboarding Limits Directors are subject to the following overboarding limitations: Directors who are chief executive officers of public companies must limit the number of public company boards on which they serve to a total of three. Directors who are not chief executive officers of public companies must limit the number of public company boards on which they serve to a total of four. Members of the Audit Committee must limit the number of public company audit committees on which they serve to a total of three. Board Oversight of Risk and Sustainability Programs Our full Board is responsible for risk oversight and Board Committees oversee certain key risks relating to their areas of responsibility, as set forth in their respective Committee charters. The Board has delegated oversight of management s handling of sustainability matters of importance to the Company, including risks, policies, strategies and programs to the Nominating and Governance Committee, as set forth in the Nominating and Governance Committee Charter. The Company publishes an annual Sustainability Report, which can be found at aptiv.com/en/about/sustainability , and which is aligned with Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), and Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) frameworks. Succession Planning The Board oversees and engages in Board and executive succession planning. The Nominating and Governance Committee regularly reviews the following Board practices and adopts governance practices that serve the interests of our shareholders. SIZE OF THE BOARD As of the date of this mailing, the Board consists of 11 directors. Following the Annual Meeting and assuming all nominated directors are elected, the Board will consist of 11 directors. Our Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that our Board must consist of a minimum of two directors. The exact number of directors will be determined from time to time by our full Board. LEADE RSHIP STRUCTURE The Board, as part of its annual assessment of its leadership structure, continues to believe that it is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders for Mr. Clark to serve as Chair of the Board and CEO, given his skills, experience and character. Mr. Clark has held the Chair position since 2022, which has served the Company well. As described in more detail in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis , in order to successfully transform our business to capitalize on the opportunities before it, and thereby increase shareholder value, the Board continues to believe that this leadership structure provides the Company with the right leadership and strategic vision. In addition, it is the Board s view that the Company s corporate governance principles, the quality, stature and substantive business knowledge of the members of the Board, as well as the Board s culture of open communication with the CEO and senior management are conducive to Board effectiveness with a combined Chair and CEO position. Table of Contents 18 BOARD PRACTICES In addition, the Board has a strong Lead Independent Director in Mr. Meister, who was selected in 2022 to serve in this role and will continue to serve following the Annual Meeting. As Lead Independent Director, Mr. Meister provides independent leadership and coordination among the directors, as well as a connection to the Company s management team. The Board has appointed its Lead Independent Director from among its independent directors. The Lead Independent Director coordinates the activities of all of the Board s independent directors working with the Chair and CEO. The Lead Independent Director is the principal liaison with the Chair and CEO and ensures that the Board has an open, trustful relationship with the Company s senior management team. In addition to the duties of all directors, as set forth in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the specific responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director are as follows: Presiding at meetings of the Board when the Executive Chair is not present, including executive sessions of the independent directors; Serving as a liaison between the Executive Chair and the independent directors; Working with the Executive Chair to (i) develop schedules and agendas for Board meetings to ensure that appropriate topics are covered at the right time and that the Board is given sufficient opportunity to discuss those topics, and (ii) ensure that outside of regularly scheduled meetings, the Board receives and has the opportunity to discuss appropriate information in a timely manner; Leading the Board s annual evaluation of the Executive Chair and CEO; Having the authority to call meetings of the independent directors; and If requested by major shareholders, ensuring that he or she is available to communicate with them, as appropriate. DIR ECTOR INDEPENDENCE The Board believes that a substantial majority of its members should be independent, non-employee directors. Mr. Clark, our Chair and CEO, is the only non-independent director. The current non-employee directors of the Company are H kan Agnevall, Nancy E. Cooper, Joseph L. Hooley, Vasumati P. Jakkal, Merit E. Janow, Sean O. Mahoney, Paul M. Meister, Robert K. Ortberg, Colin J. Parris, and Ana G. Pinczuk. The Board has determined that all of its non-employee directors meet the requirements for independence under the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) listing standards. Furthermore, the Board limits membership on the Audit, Compensation and Human Resources, and Nominating and Governance Committees to independent directors. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERTS The Board has determined that all of the members of the Audit Committee are financially literate and meet the independence rules required for Audit Committee members by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Ms. Cooper and Messrs. Hooley and Ortberg meet the qualifications of audit committee financial experts, as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). E VALUATION OF BOARD PERFORMANCE The Board believes that a robust and constructive Board, committee and director performance evaluation process is an essential component of board effectiveness. The Board conducts a comprehensive evaluation process annually, overseen by the Nominating and Governance Committee, of its own performance, as well as the performance of each Committee and each director, as outlined below. Each year, the Nominating and Governance Committee reviews the evaluation format and process. Each director is then asked to complete an anonymous evaluation of the Board and each Committee on which they serve. Evaluation topics include number and length of meetings, topics covered and materials provided, Committee structure and activities, Board composition and expertise, succession planning, director participation and interaction with management, and promotion of the Company s values and ethical behavior. Board and Committee evaluation results are compiled and summarized by the Corporate Secretary s Office. Directors receive the summary results of these evaluations. Committee evaluation results are discussed by the applicable Committee, and Board evaluation results are discussed by the full Board. Our Board considers the results when making decisions on the structure of our Board and its Committees, agendas and meeting schedules for our Board and its Committees, and changes in the performance or functioning of our Board and identifies opportunities for improvement. Table of Contents BOARD PRACTICES 19 The Board also conducts individual director assessments. The Lead Independent Director conducts individual interviews with each director to obtain his or her assessment of director performance, Board dynamics and the effectiveness of the Board and its Committees, and to provide feedback about that director s performance. These discussions are designed to help assess the competencies and skills each director is expected to bring to the Board. These evaluations have consistently revealed that the Board and its Committees are operating effectively, while identifying opportunities to improve the way the Board and its Committees operate. As a result of the evaluations, the Board takes concrete steps to optimize Board and Committees effectiveness. DIRECTOR Co mmitments Oversight The Board believes that its members benefit from their service on other public company boards. The Board also believes it is critical that Directors and the Aptiv Board dedicate sufficient time to their service on Aptiv s Board. To ensure the right balance, directors must notify the Chair of the Board sufficiently in advance of becoming a director of another public company to permit the Nominating and Governance Committee to evaluate the Director s request before accepting an invitation to serve on another public company board. The Nominating and Governance Committee reviews and determines whether the position would affect the Director s ability to serve on Aptiv's Board. DIRECTOR SELECTION AND NOMINATIONS DIRECTOR SELECTION AND Board Composition The Nominating and Governance Committee recommends individuals for membership on the Board. The Nominating and Governance Committee considers a candidate s character and expertise, performance, personal characteristics, diversity and professional responsibilities, and also reviews the composition of the Board relative to the long-term business strategy and the challenges and needs of the Board at that time. The Board is committed to searching for the best available candidates to fill vacancies and fully appreciates the value of diversity, viewed in its broadest sense, including experience, leadership qualities, education, gender, race, and ethnicity, when evaluating prospective candidates. The Nominating and Governance Committee uses the same selection process and criteria for evaluating all nominees. Ensuring the Board is composed of directors who bring diverse viewpoints and perspectives, exhibit a variety of skills, professional experience and backgrounds, and effectively represent the long-term interests of shareholders, is a top priority of the Board and the Nominating and Governance Committee. The Board is strong in its collective knowledge and diversity of experiences in terms of accounting and finance, acquisitions, capital markets, management and leadership, vision and strategy, human capital management, operations and manufacturing, sales and marketing, business judgment, information systems and cybersecurity, software and technology, crisis management, risk assessment, industry knowledge, corporate governance, global policy and trade and global markets, among others. The Board is designed to operate swiftly and effectively in making key decisions and when facing major challenges. Board meetings are conducted in an environment of trust and confidentiality, open dialogue, mutual respect and constructive commentary. The Nominating and Governance Committee retains the services of independent executive search firms to help identify director prospects, perform candidate outreach, assist in reference and background checks, and provide other related services. In addition to using search firms, the Nominating and Governance Committee also receives candidate recommendations from members of the Board. The recruiting process typically involves contacting a prospect to gauge his or her interest and availability after which a candidate meets with several members of the Nominating and Governance Committee. References for the candidate are contacted and a background check is completed before a final recommendation is made to the Board to appoint a candidate to the Board. SHAREHOLDER RECOMMENDATIONS AND NOMINATIONS Shareholders holding at least 10% of the ordinary shares outstanding and who have the right to vote at general meetings of the Company may propose, and the Nominating and Governance Committee will consider, nominees for election to the Board at the next annual meeting by giving timely written notice to the Corporate Secretary at Aptiv PLC, Spitalstrasse 5, 8200 Schaffhausen, Switzerland. Any such notice must include the name of the nominee, a biographical sketch and resume, contact information and such other background materials as the Nominating and Governance Committee may request. Our Nominating and Governance Committee evaluates nominees recommended by shareholders in the same manner as it evaluates other nominees. For a shareholder to make a formal nomination for election to our Board at an annual meeting, the shareholder must provide advance notice to the Company, in accordance with the procedures in our Memorandum and Articles of Association. Shareholders holding at least 10% of the ordinary shares outstanding and who have the right to vote at general meetings of the Company may formally propose nominees for election to the Board at the next annual meeting by giving timely written notice to the Corporate Secretary at Aptiv PLC, Spitalstrasse 5, 8200 Schaffhausen, Switzerland, which must be received at our principal executive offices no later than the close of business on March 10, 2027, and no earlier than November 30, 2026. The notice periods may change in accordance with the procedures set out in our Memorandum and Articles of Association. Any such notice must include all information regarding the proposed nominee that is required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings in a contested election pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act and a written and signed consent of the proposed nominee to be named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serve as a director. Table of Contents 20 BOARD PRACTICES SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE OF OUR DIRECTOR NOMINEES The table below summarizes some of the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills of our director nominees. This high-level summary is not intended to be an exhaustive list of each of our director nominee s skills or contributions to the Board; we look to directors to be knowledgeable in these areas as it relates to Aptiv. We have identified below the areas in which each director has specific expertise or prominence that he or she brings to the Board. In addition, five of our eleven director nominees are female and/or racially/ethnically diverse. Further information on each director nominee, including some of each of their specific experience, qualifications, attributes or skills is set forth in the biographies in Election of Directors above. SKILLS MATRIX SENIOR EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP FINANCE HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS/CYBERSECURITY OPERATIONS AND MANUFACTURING SALES AND MARKETING SOFTWARE AND TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL POLICY AND TRADE DIRECTOR RETIREMENT Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the retirement age for directors is 75, unless waived by the Board. No director who is or would be over 75 at the expiration of his or her current term may be nominated to a new term, unless the Board waives the retirement age for the director. Once granted, such waiver must be reviewed and, if appropriate, renewed annually. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines also provide that non-employee directors who significantly change their primary employment during their tenure as Board members must offer to tender their resignation to the Nominating and Governance Committee. The Nominating and Governance Committee will evaluate the continued appropriateness of Board membership under the new circumstances and make a recommendation to the Board as to any action to be taken with respect to such offer. Table of Contents BOARD PRACTICES 21 BOA RD REFRESHMENT We believe that Board refreshment is critical as the industries we operate in change and the Company s business strategy evolves. H kan Agnevall, a director nominee appointed to the Board in 2025, was identified as a potential candidate to serve on our Board by a third-party search firm. In the last five years, we have added three new independent directors, providing leadership in a variety of areas of importance to Aptiv. At the same time, we believe that we benefit from having seasoned directors on our Board who are well-versed in the Company s business and help facilitate the transfer of institutional knowledge. We believe the average tenure for our independent directors of approximately seven years reflects the balance the Board seeks between different perspectives brought by long-serving and new directors. EXECUTIVE SESSIONS Independent directors meet in executive session each Board meeting, without the CEO or any other employees in attendance. The Lead Independent Director presides over each executive session of the Board. Each Committee meeting also includes an executive session at which Committee members meet without the CEO or any other employees in attendance. BOARD S ROLE IN RISK OVERSIGHT At Aptiv, we always strive to do the right thing, the right way. Our long-term success depends on ensuring that we demonstrate the highest ethical standards in everything we do, everywhere we operate. We believe an effective risk oversight and compliance program is critical to a company s long-term success and future growth. The Board takes an active role in risk oversight related to the Company, both as a full Board and through its Committees, each of which has primary risk oversight responsibility with respect to all matters within the scope of its duties as described in its charter and as set forth below. While the Company s management is responsible for day-to-day management of the various risks facing the Company, including those set forth below, the Board is responsible for monitoring management s actions and decisions. As part of the Board s risk oversight, it reviews with the Company its risk management program, including initiatives targeted to address certain identified risks relevant to the business, such as: supply chain resiliency, geopolitical issues, inflation and macroeconomics, talent, and cybersecurity. To aid in its oversight, the Board receives regular updates and reviews from both internal Aptiv and external experts on issues of importance to the Company, and relies on the Committees to provide oversight of risks within their respective charters and to report to the Board on the management of those risks. Role of the Audit Committee : The Audit Committee reviews our guidelines and policies with respect to risk assessment and management and our major financial and information technology risk exposures, including internal controls, disclosure, litigation, compliance and enterprise cybersecurity, along with the monitoring and mitigation of these exposures. On a regular basis, the Audit Committee reviews the Company s enterprise risk management program. Role of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee : The Compensation and Human Resources Committee reviews and discusses with management, management s assessment of certain risks, including whether there are any risks arising from the Company s compensation programs, as well as risks related to employee retention and talent development. Role of the Finance Committee : The Finance Committee reviews and discusses with management financial-related risks facing the Company, including foreign exchange, capital allocation, treasury and liquidity-related risks, major acquisitions, and the Company s tax planning. Role of the Innovation and Technology Committee : The Innovation and Technology Committee reviews and validates our technology and product roadmap risks and discusses these risks with management, along with product cyber risks, and risks related to engineering talent retention and development. Table of Contents 22 BOARD PRACTICES Role of the Nominating and Governance Committee : The Nominating and Governance Committee evaluates the overall effectiveness of the Board and its Committees, including the Board s focus on the most critical issues and risks. As part of its delegated authority to oversee Aptiv s sustainability program, the Nominating and Governance Committee ensures that Aptiv is implementing the right strategy to assess and address evolving sustainability risks, including climate risks. BOARD S ROLE IN SUSTAINABILITY OVERSIGHT As a global company, we understand how interconnected the world is, and how our commitment to environmental and social responsibility and our commitment to always do the right thing, the right way is directly connected to our success. Sustainability at Aptiv is driven from the top by our Board and CEO and is embedded at every level of Aptiv. The Board has delegated to the Nominating and Governance Committee oversight of management s handling of Aptiv s sustainability risks, policies, strategies and programs, as set forth in the Nominating and Governance Committee Charter. In addition, the Nominating and Governance Committee reviews the goals the Company establishes with respect to sustainability matters and its progress against those goals, as well as the Company s Sustainability Report available on our website at aptiv.com by clicking on the tab About , then the heading Sustainability . The Nominating and Governance Committee ensures that the other Committees of the Board, as appropriate, receive updates relevant to their continuing oversight on specific sustainability topics that otherwise fall within the charter of those Committees, as shown below. GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, which set forth the corporate governance practices for Aptiv. The Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on our website at aptiv.com by clicking on the tab Investors , then the heading Governance and then the caption Governance Documents . CODE OF CONDUCT The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct, which applies to all employees and directors, including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller, or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Conduct is available on our website at aptiv.com by clicking on the tab Investors , then the heading Governance and then the caption Code of Conduct . Copies of our Code of Conduct are also available to any shareholder who submits a request to the Corporate Secretary at Aptiv PLC, Spitalstrasse 5, 8200 Schaffhausen, Switzerland, or by email at corporatesecretary@aptiv.com. We intend to satisfy any disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K by posting on our website any amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of our Code of Conduct that applies to our directors or officers. INSIDER TR ADING POLICY We have adopted Insider Trading Policies and Procedures governing the purchase, sale and/or other dispositions of our securities by our directors, officers, and employees. We believe that our Insider Trading Policies and Procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any listing standards applicable to us. A copy of our Insider Trading Policies and Procedures are filed as Exhibit 19.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Table of Contents BOARD PRACTICES 23 COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Anyone who wishes to communicate with the Board or any individual member of the Board (or independent directors as a group) may do so by sending an email to corporatesecretary@aptiv.com or a letter addressed to the director or directors in care of the Corporate Secretary at Aptiv PLC, Spitalstrasse 5, 8200 Schaffhausen, Switzerland. All correspondence, other than items such as junk mail and mail that are unrelated to a director s duties and responsibilities, will be forwarded to the appropriate director or directors. Table of Contents 24 BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS Board and Committee Meetings During 2025, the Board held 10 meetings. All of our directors attended at least 75% of the Board and Committee meetings on which they serve. In addition, all directors are expected to attend the Annual Meeting, and in 2025, all directors attended the Annual Meeting. Board Committees Our Board has the following five committees: Audit; Compensation and Human Resources; Finance; Innovation and Technology (ITC); and Nominating and Governance (Nom Gov). Committee charters are available on our website at aptiv.com by clicking on the tab Investors , then the heading Governance and then the caption Governance Documents . Committee membership as of the date of this Proxy Statement is set forth below: Board Committees Name Audit Compensation Finance ITC Nom Gov Kevin P. Clark H kan Agnevall Nancy E. Cooper C X Joseph L. Hooley X C Vasumati P. Jakkal X Merit E. Janow X X Sean O. Mahoney C X Paul M. Meister X X C Robert K. Ortberg X X Colin J. Parris X C Ana G. Pinczuk X X C = Chair of Committee X = Member of Committee Mr. Agnevall joined the Board in December 2025 and was not assigned to any committees in 2025. Table of Contents BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS 25 Committee Primary Responsibilities Number of Meetings in 2025 Audit Responsible for the engagement of the registered independent public accounting firm and the review of the scope of the audit to be undertaken by the registered independent public accounting firm. Responsible for oversight of the adequacy of our internal accounting and financial controls and the accounting principles and auditing practices and procedures to be employed in preparation and review of our financial statements. Responsible for oversight of risk-related matters broadly, including the Company s enterprise risk management program, compliance program and cybersecurity. 5 Compensation and Human Resources Responsible for the oversight of the Company s compensation philosophy and reviews and approves compensation for executive officers (including cash compensation, equity incentives and benefits). Responsible for oversight of human capital management, including succession planning. 5 Finance Responsible for oversight of corporate finance matters, including capital structure, financing transactions, acquisitions and divestitures, minority investments, share repurchase and dividend programs, employee retirement plans, interest rate policies, commodity and currency hedging, tax strategy and the annual business plan, including review of capital expenditures and restructurings. 6 Innovation and Technology Responsible for oversight of the Company s technology roadmaps and the technology landscape, product cybersecurity and assessing the overall skill set of the engineering organization. 5 Nominating and Governance Responsible for reviewing, recommending and overseeing policies and procedures relating to director and board committee nominations and corporate governance policies, conducting director searches, overseeing board and committee self-evaluations and overseeing management s handling of sustainability matters of importance to the Company, including risks, policies, strategies and programs. 5 Table of Contents 26 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Director Compensation BOARD COMPENSATION Our directors (other than Mr. Clark, who does not receive additional compensation for his Board service) received the following annual compensation for service in 2025, which is paid in cash and time-based restricted stock units ( RSUs ). For 2025, each non-employee director was entitled to receive annual compensation in the amount of $300,000. In addition, the Lead Independent Director was entitled to receive additional annual compensation of $50,000. Also, Chairs of our Board Committees received the following additional annual compensation: Committee Additional Annual Compensation ($) Audit 30,000 Compensation and Human Resources 25,000 Finance 20,000 Innovation and Technology 20,000 Nominating and Governance 20,000 Each director may elect, on an annual basis, to receive 60%, 80% or 100% of his or her compensation in RSUs, with the remainder paid in cash. An annual grant of RSUs is made on the day of the Annual Meeting, which vests on the day before the next annual meeting. Cash compensation is paid quarterly. Any director who joins the Board, other than in connection with the Annual Meeting, will receive prorated cash compensation and a prorated grant of RSUs, based on the date the director joins the Board. These RSUs vest on the day before the next annual meeting. The table below shows cash and equity compensation paid to each member of the Board in 2025: 2025 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) Total ($) H kan Agnevall 75,015 75,015 Nancy E. Cooper 132,000 198,047 330,047 Joseph L. Hooley 325,031 325,031 Vasumati P. Jakkal 60,000 240,002 300,002 Merit E. Janow 120,000 180,028 300,028 Sean O. Mahoney 128,000 192,023 320,023 Paul M. Meister 370,025 370,025 Robert K. Ortberg 120,000 180,028 300,028 Colin J. Parris 128,000 192,023 320,023 Ana G. Pinczuk 90,000 180,028 270,028 (1) Reflects the grant date fair value of the equity awards granted to directors on April 23, 2025, which was the date of grant for all directors, other than Mr. Agnevall, who joined the Aptiv Board on December 10, 2025. The values set forth in the table were determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. For assumptions used in determining the fair value of the awards, see Note 21. Share-Based Compensation to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2025, all outstanding Aptiv RSU awards held by our directors were unvested; they vest in full on April 28, 2026. The year-end RSU balances for our directors are: Table of Contents DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 27 Name Unvested RSUs 12/31/2025 (#) H kan Agnevall 955 Nancy E. Cooper 3,715 Joseph L. Hooley 6,097 Vasumati P. Jakkal 4,502 Merit E. Janow 3,377 Sean O. Mahoney 3,602 Paul M. Meister 6,941 Robert K. Ortberg 3,377 Colin J. Parris 3,602 Ana G. Pinczuk 3,377 STOCK OWN ERSHIP GUIDELINES The Board believes that each director should hold a meaningful equity position in the Company, and it has established equity holding requirements for our non-employee directors. The holding requirement for each non-employee director is $600,000 in Aptiv shares, which equals five times the maximum cash retainer a director can select. Each new director has up to five years from his or her date of appointment to fulfill this holding requirement. As of the 2025 measurement of ownership, all non-employee directors, except for Mr. Agnevall who joined the Board in December 2025, were at or above the ownership requirement. Table of Contents 28 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Compensation Discussion and Analysis A Note from the Chair of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee Dear Fellow Shareholders, On behalf of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee (the Compensation Committee ), thank you for your investment in Aptiv. Our mandate is to ensure Aptiv's executive compensation drives long-term value creation and remain aligned with shareholder interests. Below is a summary of how we fulfilled that responsibility. Pay Outcomes Aligned with Performance Aptiv delivered strong financial, operational, and strategic results. The Compensation Committee decisions regarding incentive funding reflected this performance: revenue and operating income exceeded target, amid challenging trade conditions. Based on this performance, the Compensation Committee approved annual incentive award payouts for the Named Executive Officers that ranged from 97% to 108% of target. Our long-term incentive program similarly ties realized compensation to multi-year results and weighs performance-based equity as the largest component of executive pay. This design ensures that compensation is consistent with shareholder returns as demonstrated in the CEO s realized pay for 2025, which reflects strong operational performance tempered by the more modest stock price performance over the measurement period. Aligning Incentives with Strategic Evolution Aptiv s transformation into a diversified industrial technology company requires compensation programs that reinforce strategic priorities. The Compensation Committee made targeted design changes to both annual and long-term incentive plans to reflect the business transformation. Within the Annual Incentive Plan (AIP), we replaced Cash Flow and Growth over Market with Revenue, while retaining Operating Income, and strategic performance measures to simplify and sharpen accountability. In our Performance-Restricted Stock Unit program, we added Software and Adjacent Markets revenue as a weighted measure, directly tying long-term compensation to the growth objectives that will drive sustainable competitive advantage. Governance Discipline The Compensation Committee made no changes that reduce the performance rigor in the plans or increase compensation risk. We maintain robust governance practices including stock ownership guidelines, capped incentive opportunities, regulatory-aligned clawback provisions, and engagement with an independent compensation consultant. Shareholder feedback continues to inform our decisions. Looking Ahead The Compensation Committee is confident that the 2025 executive compensation outcomes appropriately reflected performance, maintained disciplined oversight, and aligned with shareholder interests. We encourage shareholders to review the full Compensation Discussion and Analysis when casting their advisory vote on executive compensation. Sincerely, Joseph L. Hooley Chair of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 29 OVE RVIEW The Compensation Committee, which is composed entirely of independent directors, sets the Company s executive compensation philosophy and reviews and approves compensation for executive officers, in consultation with the Compensation Committee s independent executive compensation consultant. In this section, we describe and analyze: (1) the material components of our executive compensation programs for the named executive officers or NEOs ; (2) the material compensation decisions the Compensation Committee made for 2025; and (3) the key factors considered in making those decisions, including Company performance. 2025 YE AR IN REVIEW Company Financial and Business Performance Highlights. Our 2025 performance reflects our solid execution and cost reduction initiatives, despite the global inflationary environment and evolving geopolitical issues, including global trade impacts from tariffs. Our recent financial and business achievements include the following: Generated new business awards of approximately $27 billion, based on expected volumes and prices over program lifetime, validating our industry-leading portfolio of advanced technologies tied to the secular growth drivers across industries; Drove more than 75% of new business awards in China with local OEM customers; Delivered record revenue, with strong revenue growth over the prior year despite the dynamic vehicle production environment, helped by strong growth in other industrial end markets; Generated cash flow from operations of $2.2 billion and delivered $1.2 billion of operating income (record adjusted operating income of $2.5 billion), demonstrating strong operating execution in the face of continuing material and labor cost inflation; Delivered operating income margin of 5.8% (adjusted operating income margin of 12.1%), driven by strong operating performance and cost reduction initiatives; Repurchased 22.8 million shares with a value of $1.5 billion, including incremental share deliveries under the terms of the Company s accelerated share repurchase program; Further enhanced our capital structure and increased our financial flexibility; Deployed capital to repurchase $300 million aggregate principal amount of certain senior notes and repaid the outstanding principal balance of $250 million on the Term Loan A; Extended the maturity of our existing Credit Agreement to March 2030; Established ecosystem partnerships with leading technology companies to enable us to commercialize our intelligent edge portfolio, including with ServiceNow, Capgemini, Robust.AI, Vecna Robotics, Nota AI, SiMa.ai, DEEPX and others; Continued our relentless focus on cost structure and operational optimization; Maximized our operational flexibility with approximately 97% of our hourly workforce based in best cost countries, and approximately 31% of our hourly workforce composed of contingent employees; and Fully prepared our EDS business, including the leadership team, for separation into an independent, publicly traded company, and remain on-track to complete the separation by April 1, 2026. Table of Contents 30 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Our strong strategic, operational and financial performance over time is reflected in our results shown below. * Return on net assets in 2025 includes the impacts of a non-cash, pre-tax goodwill impairment charge of $648 million, an increase to valuation allowances of $294 million on deferred tax assets impacted by the OECD Administrative Guidance issued in the first quarter of 2025 and tax accruals associated with the separation of our EDS business. Excluding these impacts, return on net assets was 22.3% in 2025. Return on net assets in 2023 includes the impacts of the $2.1 billion deferred tax benefit recognized from the Company s initiation of changes to its corporate entity structure, including intercompany transfers of intellectual property and other related transactions. Excluding the impacts of these transactions, return on net assets was 21.8% in 2023. Amounts reported above include the unfavorable impacts of tariffs, foreign exchange and commodities, and semiconductor inventory. The total impact of these items was 3.7%, 0.3% and 2.6% for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Metric Definitions. In accordance with SEC Guidance, below are definitions of the financial metrics presented above: Adjusted Net Income represents net income attributable to Aptiv before amortization, restructuring and other special items, including the tax impact thereon. Adjusted Operating Income is defined as net income before interest expense, other income (expense), net, income tax (expense) benefit, equity income (loss), net of tax, amortization, restructuring and other special items. Return on Net Assets is defined as tax-affected operating income (net income before interest expense, other income (expense), net income tax expense (benefit), equity income (loss) net of tax and gains (losses) on equity method transactions), divided by average net working capital plus average net property, plant and equipment, measured each calendar year; not adjusted for restructuring expenses that are expected to provide future benefit to the Company. Appendix A contains a reconciliation of each non-GAAP metric presented above to U.S. GAAP financial measures. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 31 OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS For fiscal year 2025, the NEOs were: Kevin P. Clark Chair and CEO Varun Laroyia Executive Vice President and CFO Javed A. Khan Executive Vice President and President, Software and AS UX Joseph T. Liotine* Executive Vice President and President, EDS Joseph R. Massaro Vice Chair and President, ECG * In connection with the Separation, Mr. Liotine has been named CEO of Versigent. COMPENSATI ON GOVERNANCE AND ALIGNMENT WITH SHAREHOLDERS Aptiv s executive compensation program is designed to attract, retain and motivate leaders who successfully execute our business strategies and create value for shareholders. Our program seeks to balance achievement of targeted near-term results with building shareholder value through sustained long-term performance. Our focus on pay-for-performance and corporate governance aims to achieve alignment with the interests of our shareholders, as highlighted below: Pay for Performance More Information On Page 92% of 2025 total target annual compensation for the CEO is at risk and 80 % is granted in equity ; on average, 86 % of 2025 total target annual compensation for the other NEOs is at risk and 68 % is granted in equity . 35 We use a structured goal-setting process for performance incentives, with multiple levels of review including the Compensation Committee, its consultant and senior management. 36 NEOs annual incentives are typically based on achievement of multi-faceted financial and strategic annual performance goals . 38 60 % of the NEOs annual long-term incentive compensation consists of performance-based RSUs, which deliver value based on achievement of multi-year financial and relative TSR goals . 39 We review and analyze our pay-for-performance alignment on an annual basis, both in absolute terms and relative to our peer group. Compensation Governance More Information On Page We actively engage with our shareholders to discuss governance and executive compensation matters. 32 We maintain reasonable severance benefits in line with market practices, including double-trigger change in control provisions. 42 We maintain market-aligned stock ownership guidelines for our NEOs. 43 We maintain insider trading, comprehensive clawback, anti-hedging and anti-pledging policies. 44 We offer no excise tax gross-ups to our NEOs. 44 Our Compensation Committee utilizes an independent compensation consultant. 44 We annually review our compensation programs to ensure they do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Aptiv. 45 Table of Contents 32 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION PHILOSOPHY AND STRATEGY General Philosophy in Establishing and Making Pay Decisions. Our executive compensation programs reflect our pay-for-performance philosophy and encourage executives to make sound decisions that drive short- and long-term value creation benefiting our customers, shareholders, and other stakeholders. The Compensation Committee utilizes a combination of fixed and variable pay elements in order to achieve the following objectives: Emphasize a pay-for-performance culture by linking incentive compensation to defined short- and long-term performance goals; Attract, retain and motivate key executives by providing competitive total compensation opportunities; and Align executive and investor interests by establishing market- and investor-relevant metrics that drive shareholder value creation. Given the on-going transformation of our Company, we seek talent across a broad range of industries. Our goal for target total direct compensation (base salary, short- and long-term incentives) for our officers, including the NEOs, is to provide market competitive compensation that allows us to attract and retain the best global talent. Compensation for individual roles is based on a review of market data and multiple factors, including each executive s role and responsibilities, the individual s performance over time, the experience and critical skills the individual may bring to the role with Aptiv, and talent market dynamics. 2025 Say-on-Pay. At our 2025 Annual Meeting, we received support from approximately 90% of votes cast for our NEOs' compensation. Management and the Compensation Committee closely reviewed our shareholders 2025 Say-on-Pay vote and believe it indicates support for the Company s executive compensation program and pay-for-performance philosophy. Based on this support, as well as the feedback we have heard through our shareholder engagement efforts, the Compensation Committee has maintained the overall pay-for-performance philosophy, compensation objectives and governing principles it has used in recent years when making decisions or adopting policies regarding executive compensation. 2025 Shareholder Engagement. Aptiv is committed to regular, proactive engagement, communication, and transparency with shareholders, which enables the Company to better understand shareholders perspectives about Aptiv and the market generally. Members of management continued to have regular and extensive interaction with our investors throughout the year to discuss our businesses, technologies, end markets, financial results, operational execution and our sustainability efforts at numerous conferences and roadshows, in addition to Company-hosted events and quarterly conference calls. In particular, in 2025, the Company had more than 300 engagements with investors through conference calls, investor conferences, and marketing/non-deal roadshows, as well as hosted an Investor Day for the investment community. We have also shared financial and sustainability information relevant to our shareholders through our Sustainability Report, our Investor Relations website, our Annual Report and this Proxy Statement. In addition, as part of our formal outreach program, we extended the opportunity to our top 10 shareholders representing approximately 40% of our then-outstanding shares, to meet with our Chief Legal Officer, Chief People Officer and VP Investor Relations in January 2026. In these shareholder meetings, topics discussed included Aptiv s Sustainability Report and progress across the pillars of the sustainability program, corporate governance matters, including those related to the Board and responsible use of AI, and people-related topics, such as talent development, retention, incentives and other compensation topics. The Board and management appreciated the constructive and positive input received from shareholders on all topics, which has continued to give us valuable insight into our shareholders priorities. We have and will continue to incorporate shareholder feedback into our practices. 2025 Peer Group Analysis. We use a group of peer companies to compare NEO compensation to market. The Compensation Committee reviews and approves the composition of our peer group on an annual basis, with input from its independent compensation consultant and management. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 33 Aptiv s 2025 peer group (referenced for purposes of establishing 2025 target compensation decisions) consisted of the following companies, whose aggregate profile was comparable to Aptiv in terms of size, industry, global reach, operating characteristics and competition for executive talent. Adobe Inc. Johnson Controls International plc Amphenol Corporation Lear Corporation Corning Incorporated PayPal Holdings, Inc. Cummins, Inc. Rockwell Automation, Inc. Eaton Corporation plc Salesforce, Inc. Emerson Electric Co. TE Connectivity Ltd. Fortive Corporation Textron Inc. Honeywell International Inc. Trane Technologies PLC Illinois Tool Works, Inc. Uber Technologies, Inc. Aptiv's overall compensation philosophy is to position target total compensation within a reasonable range of market, with the ability to differentiate based on individual attributes. While pay positioning of target compensation versus market varies among our NEOs, executive pay packages that are at a premium to market reflect the competitive landscape in the sectors from which we seek industry leaders with the requisite experience to drive our business. Furthermore, the Compensation Committee believes that our highly performance-based incentive programs create strong alignment between compensation and shareholder value and results in appropriate pay outcomes on a realized basis. Table of Contents 34 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 2025 C OMPENSATION PROGRAM OVERVIEW Each year, we perform a comprehensive review of our business plan to identify strategic initiatives that should be linked to executive compensation. We also assess the level of risk in our Company-wide compensation programs to ensure that they do not encourage excessive risk-taking that could be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Aptiv. The following table outlines the primary elements of executive compensation for the NEOs for 2025 and indicates how these elements relate to our key strategic objectives: Element Key Features Relationship to Strategic Objectives Annual Base Salary Commensurate with job responsibilities, individual performance, capabilities, market competitiveness and talent market dynamics Annual review Attract and retain executives by providing market-competitive fixed compensation Annual Incentive Plan Awards Compensation Committee approves an incentive design for the annual performance period to include financial, operational and strategic metrics with pre-established goals and objectives Target award opportunity based upon job responsibilities, market competitiveness and talent market dynamics Payouts can range from 0% to 200% of target and are determined by achievement of pre-established financial goals and strategic objectives Pay-for-performance and encourages accountability by rewarding achievement of annual financial, operational and strategic objectives Align executive and shareholder interests Drive our current and future platforms and Aptiv s sustainability, talent and operational commitments through strategic goals Attract, retain and motivate executives with market-competitive incentive compensation opportunities Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards Target award granted commensurate with job responsibilities, individual performance, market competitiveness and talent market dynamics Performance-based RSU awards (60% of LTI) are earned based upon achievement of Company performance goals, including multi-year financial targets and relative TSR Time-based RSU awards (40% of LTI) vest over time, generally three years Drive pay-for-performance and encourages accountability by rewarding achievement of long-term objectives Align executive and shareholder interests Attract, retain and motivate executives with market-competitive incentive compensation opportunities Utilize multi-year vesting and performance periods and multiple metrics aligned to long-term shareholder value creation, including stock price performance, providing a multi-dimensional assessment of performance Retirement Programs Qualified defined contribution plan available to all U.S. salaried employees, including NEOs Non-qualified defined contribution plan available to eligible U.S. employees, including NEOs, that allows for contributions that exceed statutory limits under our qualified defined contribution plan Attract and retain executives with market-competitive wealth accumulation opportunities Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 35 2025 TARGET ANNUAL TOTAL DIRECT COMPENSATION MIX FOR CEO AND OTHER NEO s Base salary and annual and long-term incentive award opportunities (all as more fully described above and below) are the elements of our NEOs total direct compensation. A majority of each NEO s total direct compensation opportunity is comprised of performance-based ( at-risk ) pay, in line with the Company s compensation philosophy. Table of Contents 36 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 2025 NEO Target Total Direct Compensation Opportunities The following table depicts 2025 annual target total direct compensation opportunities for the NEOs. This table reflects base salary, plus annual and long-term incentive plan target award values, and therefore uses different valuation methodologies from those required for purposes of the 2025 Summary Compensation Table under applicable SEC rules. Further, this table does not include information regarding changes in non-qualified deferred compensation earnings, information regarding all other compensation or certain additional footnote disclosure, each as required to be presented in the 2025 Summary Compensation Table under the rules of the SEC. As such, this table should not be viewed as a substitute for the 2025 Summary Compensation Table . Name Annual Base Salary ($) Annual Incentive Target Award ($) Long-Term Incentive Plan Target Annual Award ($) Target Total Direct Compensation ($) Kevin P. Clark Chair and CEO 1,462,272 2,193,408 14,500,000 18,155,680 Varun Laroyia Executive Vice President and CFO 850,000 850,000 4,050,000 5,750,000 Javed A. Khan Executive Vice President and President, Software and AS UX 900,000 1,215,000 4,100,000 6,215,000 Joseph T. Liotine Executive Vice President and President, EDS 900,000 1,125,000 4,300,000 6,325,000 Joseph R. Massaro Vice Chair and President, ECG 1,305,000 1,761,750 6,250,000 9,316,750 2025 A NNUAL COMPENSATION DETERMINATION Individual base salaries and annual incentive targets for the NEOs are established based on the scope of each NEO s responsibilities, individual performance, capabilities, market pay data and talent market dynamics. 2025 Base Salaries. Base salary is intended to be commensurate with each NEO s responsibilities, individual performance and capabilities. Our practice is to make periodic adjustments to base salary, although we review compensation competitiveness annually. During 2025, the Compensation Committee approved a 2.4% base salary increase for Mr. Massaro as a result of the Compensation Committee's annual market assessment. 2025 Annual Incentive Plan Awards. Our Annual Incentive Plan is designed to motivate our NEOs to drive earnings, profitable growth and our strategic priorities, all of which are key indicators of success for the Company. The Compensation Committee, working with management and its independent compensation consultant, sets the performance metrics and objectives based on Aptiv s annual business objectives. For 2025, the Compensation Committee approved the following performance metrics for the Annual Incentive Plan: Performance Metric Weighting Rationale Revenue (1) 35% Revenue provides a measure of gross sales proceeds generated by the business and serves as an indicator of the scale and growth of our operations Adjusted Operating Income (OI) (2) 35% OI provides a measure of our income realized from business operations and serves as an indicator of our overall financial performance Strategic Results Metric 30% The Strategic Results Metric is intended to align organizational focus and reinforce the importance of making progress on strategic goals that drive long-term value creation (1) Revenue represents GAAP revenue adjusted at measurement for the impact of foreign exchange, commodities, acquisitions and divestitures. (2) OI represents net income before interest expense, other income (expense), net, income tax (expense) benefit, equity income (loss), net of tax, amortization, restructuring and other special items. See Appendix A for further details. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 37 Design Changes from 2024 Annual Incentive Plan. For 2025, the Compensation Committee approved the following design changes to the Annual Incentive Plan (from the 2024 program): To align with our long-term business plan and create greater focus, we replaced Cash Flow Before Financing and Growth Over Market with Revenue as a performance metric. This also reduced the number of metrics in the plan and eliminated overlap between the annual and long-term incentive plans; and To sharpen the focus on profitability and key initiatives that drive ongoing transformation, the overall weighting of OI and Strategic Results Metric increased from 30% to 35% and 25% to 30%, respectively. The majority of our Annual Incentive Plan continues to focus on financial performance outcomes. Financial Performance Objectives (70% Weighting). For 2025, the Compensation Committee approved the two financial performance metrics described in the table above which were collectively weighted at 70%. Performance Goal Setting . The Revenue and OI goals and the award payout levels related to the achievement of those goals are measured on a performance scale set by the Compensation Committee. Performance below the minimum threshold for a metric would result in no payout for that metric, and performance above the maximum level for a metric would be capped at a maximum total payout of 200% of target with respect to that metric. The Compensation Committee consistently sets performance targets that are rigorous and aligned with Aptiv s goal planning process and commitments to operational excellence. Our Annual Incentive Plan target goals, approved by the Compensation Committee, are generally established to reflect our focus on growth over prior year actual outcomes and above market growth in the performance period. Aptiv s targeted levels of performance continue to reflect rigorous hurdles taking into account the challenging macroeconomic outlook and consistent with our goal of delivering exceptional operational performance. In addition, for our business segment leaders, the Compensation Committee approves segment-specific financial performance targets to further enhance pay and performance alignment for the respective segment leaders. Table of Contents 38 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS For 2025, each NEO's award was designed to payout as follows: For Messrs. Clark and Laroyia, enterprise-wide ("Total Aptiv") performance metrics were weighted 100% of the overall financial weighting, reflecting their broad enterprise-level responsibilities; and For Messrs. Khan, Liotine, and Massaro, Total Aptiv performance metrics were weighted 40% and their respective segment's performance metrics (excluding China performance) were weighted 60%. The 2025 financial performance goals and results by metric were: Performance Metric Total Aptiv/ Segment Threshold 25% Payout Target 100% Payout Maximum 200% Payout Payout Revenue* Total Aptiv Actual: $20,051M 109% $17,255M $19,831M $21,315M AS UX Actual: $5,306M 90% $4,687M $5,404M $5,790M ECG Actual: $4,895M 94% $4,372M $4,942M $5,400M EDS Actual: $6,334M 128% $5,356M $6,175M $6,616M Adjusted Operating Income (OI)* Total Aptiv Actual: $2,396M 114% $1,464M $2,294M $2,807M AS UX Actual: $771M 99% $488M $773M $936M ECG Actual: $828M 92% $573M $860M $1,098M EDS Actual: $513M 111% $315M $499M $604M Financial Payout (% of Target) Total Aptiv 112% AS UX 101% ECG 100% EDS 116% * Revenue calculated results under the Annual Incentive Plan were adjusted to remove the impact of foreign exchange and commodities. For purposes of the OI calculated results under the Annual Incentive Plan, the results shown in Appendix A were adjusted to remove the impact of M A activity. Strategic Results Metric (30% Weighting). For 2025, the Compensation Committee approved that achievement on our strategic initiatives would constitute a 30% weighted metric ("Strategic Results Metric") to reinforce the importance of making significant progress on our strategic goals in the overall execution of our business strategy and shareholder value creation. The strategic goals under the Strategic Results Metric fall under the following three pillars - Business Foundation, Current Platforms and Future Platforms - and align with our broader strategic framework, including our sustainability program, and are intended to align focus across the organization on specific goals that drive long-term value creation. Aptiv s strategic goals are reviewed with the same rigor and processes as the quantitative goal-setting described above, because these strategic goals are important to our ability to drive shareholder value creation. Based on its holistic evaluation of our performance against our strategic goals, the Compensation Committee approved that a payout factor of 90% of target reflected the progress made in 2025 in relation to our Strategic Results Metric, as set forth in more detail below. The following table reflects qualitative results achieved and support the payout factor. While meaningful progress was made, our payout factor reflects that we did not meet all our expectations. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 39 2025 Strategic Results Metrics BusineSS Foundation Executed on our plan to separate Aptiv into two independent public companies by the end of the first quarter of 2026. Implemented cost optimization initiatives that offset foreign exchange, commodity and tariff headwinds. Achieved 2025 sustainability targets across people, platform, product, and planet pillars. Current Platforms Drove diversified growth, with non-automotive performance near plan and software bookings more than doubling year over year. Strengthened customer and market mix as reflected in new business awards. Future Platforms Made strong progress accelerating the sale of software and services products across end markets. Strategic Results Metric (% of Target) 90% 2025 Annual Incentive Plan Payouts. The 2025 Annual Incentive Plan payouts for our NEOs were based 70% on financial performance and 30% on strategic goals. Based on the results described above, the Compensation Committee approved the following 2025 Annual Incentive Plan payouts for the NEOs: Name Target Award ($) (1) Financial Payout Factor 70% Weighting (%) Strategic Results Metric Payout Factor 30% Weighting (%) Total Incentive Award Payout Factor (%) Payout ($) Kevin P. Clark 2,193,408 112 90 105 2,303,078 Varun Laroyia 850,000 112 90 105 892,500 Javed A. Khan 1,215,000 101 90 98 1,190,700 Joseph T. Liotine 1,125,000 116 90 108 1,215,000 Joseph R. Massaro 1,761,750 100 90 97 1,708,898 2025 LONG-TE RM INCENTIVE COMPENSATION LTI Vehicles and Mix. Aptiv s Long-Term Incentive Plan is designed to reward performance on long-term strategic metrics and to attract, retain and motivate participants. Aptiv s Long-Term Incentive Plan is primarily performance-based, with 60% of the NEOs annual award consisting of performance-based RSUs, which deliver value if financial goals are met and includes a total shareholder return ("TSR") modifier based on relative performance. The targets reflect Aptiv s pay-for-performance culture, aligning executive and investor interests. The remaining 40% of NEOs' annual award are time-based RSUs, which directly aligns the value of the award upon vesting with Aptiv s share price performance. The value of time-based RSUs at the time of vesting is based on the Company stock price, directly linking the NEO's realized compensation to the value delivered to shareholders. The performance-based RSUs are settled after the results of the three-year performance period are determined. The time-based RSUs generally vest ratably over three years, beginning on the first anniversary of the grant date. The 2025 performance-based RSU grant vests at the end of 2027 and will be settled in early 2028 after the outcomes of the performance period are determined and approved. Under the design of the performance-based RSU awards, each NEO could receive from 0% to 200% of target based on Aptiv's performance against goals for the weighted measures (the maximum is 240% with the TSR modifier). The metrics and weights used in the 2025 awards are shown below. These metrics reflect the focus on our balance sheet, income statement and market performance, together providing a comprehensive and robust performance assessment. Table of Contents 40 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS For 2025, the Compensation Committee approved the following design changes to the performance metrics for the long-term incentive program (from the 2024 program): To better align with our long-term business plan, enhance line of sight for our participants, and align with prevailing market practices, we replaced Average Return on Net Assets and Cumulative Net Income with Average Return on Invested Capital and Software and Adjacent Market Revenue as performance metrics. The addition of the revenue metric aligns incentive opportunity to Aptiv's growth diversification objective that will drive sustainable competitive advantage; and Changed Relative TSR from a weighted metric to a modifier to further emphasize the importance of the approved financial metrics as drivers of long-term value creation for shareholders. We believe the continued use of TSR as a modifier continues to reinforce shareholder alignment, while also serving as a further validation of our goal-setting process as any earned payout would be adjusted by the market's assessment of our performance relative to similarly situated companies. Metric Weighting (%) Average Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) (1) 70 Software and Adjacent Market Revenue (2) 30 Relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR) (3) +/- 20% Modifier (1) Average ROIC is Adjusted Operating Income after taxes divided by average invested capital (3-year average). Adjusted Operating Income is defined as net income before interest expense, other income (expense), net, income tax (expense) benefit, equity income (loss), net of tax, amortization, restructuring and other special items. Invested capital is defined as total shareowner equity, plus net debt. Average ROIC is adjusted at measurement to exclude the impact of any significant corporate transactions or reorganizations. (2) Software and Adjacent Market Revenue represents revenue related to the sale of software and related tools and services; plus revenue unrelated to components for automotive light vehicle production, including, but not limited to commercial vehicles, telecom, aerospace defense, industrial, and other adjacent end markets. Revenue is adjusted at measurement for the impact of foreign exchange, commodities, acquisitions and divestitures. (3) Relative TSR is measured by comparing the average closing price per share of the Company s ordinary shares for all available trading days in December 2027 to the average closing price per share of the Company s ordinary shares for all available trading days in December 2024, including the reinvestment of dividends, relative to the companies in the Russell 3000 Auto Parts Index. The payout modifier is applied only if Aptiv's TSR is in the top (+20% payout multiplier) or bottom (-20% payout multiplier) quartile of the Russell 3000 Auto Parts Index. 2025 Grants. The Compensation Committee established the following 2025 target long-term incentive award values for our NEOs (consisting of performance-based RSUs and time-based RSUs, as described above). In so doing, the Compensation Committee considered market compensation data and each NEO s scope of responsibilities, individual performance and retention considerations. Name Performance-Based RSUs ($ at Target) Time-Based RSUs ($) Total Long-Term Incentive Plan Target Annual Award ($) Kevin P. Clark 8,700,000 5,800,000 14,500,000 Varun Laroyia 2,430,000 1,620,000 4,050,000 Javed A. Khan 2,460,000 1,640,000 4,100,000 Joseph T. Liotine 2,580,000 1,720,000 4,300,000 Joseph R. Massaro 3,750,000 2,500,000 6,250,000 The Compensation Committee annually reviews the Officers' compensation relative to the competitive market. Based on the review in 2025, the Compensation Committee approved an increase in the Total Long-Term Incentive Plan Target Annual Award for Mr. Clark, to ensure competitive positioning. In addition to their respective annual long-term incentive awards set forth in the table above, Messrs. Khan and Massaro were awarded additional performance-based RSUs granted at the same time as their annual long-term incentive award in February 2025. These performance-based awards have the same design as the performance-based RSUs described above and when used judiciously, enhance our ability to retain and motivate key executive talent. These awards also increase the portion of their compensation tied to the achievement of growth in software and adjacent markets, as that is a weighted metric in the award. By placing the largest weighting on performance-based RSU awards, these grants align with shareholder interests and only result in a payout when our performance objectives are achieved. For specific details on the one-time performance-based RSU awards, please see the "2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards" table. 2023-2025 Performance-Based RSUs. The Compensation Committee assessed the performance awards granted in February 2023 for which vesting was based on achievement of three-year cumulative performance through December 31, 2025. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 41 In February 2026, we paid out the performance-based RSUs for the 2023-2025 performance period. The following tables set forth: (1) the threshold, target and maximum goal levels, as well as the performance level achieved during the performance period; and (2) for each NEO holding these awards, the target number of performance-based RSUs granted, the actual number of performance-based RSUs earned above target, and the actual number of performance-based RSUs earned. Performance Metric Weight Threshold 40% Payout Target 100% Payout Maximum 200% Payout Achievement (% of Target) Average Return on Net Assets (RONA) (1) Actual: 24.1% 33.3% 138% 14.8% 22.2% 27.2% Actual: $4,678M Cumulative Net Income (NI) (2) 33.3% 196% $2,573M $3,860M $4,717M Actual: 53rd Relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR) (3) 33.3% 108% 30th 50th 90th Total Weighted Financial Performance Payout 147% (1) Average RONA is tax-affected adjusted operating income divided by average net working capital plus average net property, plant and equipment for each calendar year, as adjusted for the impacts of a non-cash, pre-tax goodwill impairment charge, an increase to valuation allowances of on deferred tax assets impacted by the OECD Administrative Guidance issued in the first quarter of 2025 and tax accruals associated with the separation of our EDS business. (2) For purposes of the Adjusted NI calculated results under the Long-Term Incentive Plan, the results shown in Appendix A were adjusted to remove the impact of interest expense on new debt for the accelerated share repurchase program and M A activity not included in the original target. (3) Relative TSR is measured by comparing the average closing price per share of the Company s ordinary shares for the specified trading days in December of the final year of the performance period to the average closing price per share of the Company s ordinary shares for the specified trading days in December of the year prior to the beginning of the performance period, including the reinvestment of dividends, relative to the companies in the Russell 3000 Auto Parts Index. Based on the achievement of the performance goals during the period, the earned award was 147% of the target opportunity. As a result, the Compensation Committee approved the following 2023-2025 performance-based RSU award payouts. Performance-Based RSUs Name (1) Target Units Granted (#) Units Earned Above Target (#) Actual Units Earned (#) Kevin P. Clark 66,247 31,137 97,384 Joseph R. Massaro 29,302 13,772 43,074 (1) Messrs. Laroyia, Khan and Liotine joined Aptiv in 2024; none of them received a performance-based RSU award in 2023. CEO Realized Pay and our Performance. The compensation programs for our NEOs are heavily weighted toward performance-based opportunities that are at-risk and subject to our performance. Incentive plan metrics are intended to drive results that create value for our shareholders. While our financial and relative TSR performance over the three-year performance period were above target, our share price over the same period on an absolute basis had a negative impact on how much value Mr. Clark realized from the target opportunity granted to him. The realized value of Mr. Clark s 2023 performance-based RSU award was 96% based on a share price of $76.09 as of December 31, 2025, with a performance factor of 147%, as described in the 2023-2025 Performance-Based RSUs discussion above. Table of Contents 42 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Summary of Outstanding Performance Awards. The chart below reflects the terms for the two outstanding performance-based RSU awards as of the filing date of this Proxy Statement, including the performance period, corresponding performance measures and weightings. *The modifier is applied only if Aptiv's TSR is in the top (+20%) or bottom (-20%) quartile of the Russell 3000 Auto Parts Index. OTHER COMPENSATION Additional compensation and benefit programs available to our NEOs are described below. Aptiv Salaried 401(k) Plan. Along with other eligible U.S. Aptiv salaried employees, our NEOs participate in our broad-based and tax-qualified defined contribution plan, the Aptiv Salaried 401(k) Plan, which is a qualified plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ). All contributions are subject to tax-qualification limits imposed by the Code. Aptiv Deferred Compensation Plan ( DCP ). Under the DCP, eligible U.S. employees, including our NEOs, receive Aptiv contributions in excess of the limits imposed upon the Aptiv Salaried 401(k) Plan by the Code. No guaranteed or above-market rates are earned; the investment options available are a subset of those available to all employees under the Aptiv Salaried 401(k) Plan. Additional details regarding benefits and payouts under this plan are provided in the Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation section. Financial Planning. A select group of senior executives, including the NEOs, are eligible to participate in executive financial services sponsored by Aptiv. Aptiv pays the annual service fee of the third-party financial advisory firm for the participating executives, and each participating executive pays income taxes on the imputed income associated with the benefit. Severance Plans. In 2017, we adopted the Aptiv PLC Executive Severance Plan (the Severance Plan ) and the Aptiv PLC Executive Change in Control Severance Plan (the Change in Control Plan ). These plans were adopted to provide severance protections to certain executives who are designated by the Compensation Committee as eligible to participate in each plan, including our NEOs. For the participating NEOs, the Severance Plan generally provides for severance benefits in the event of a qualifying separation (as defined in the Severance Plan to include a termination without cause or a resignation for good reason ) of the NEO s employment. Pursuant to the Severance Plan, an NEO who incurs a qualifying separation would be entitled to receive severance payments equal in the aggregate to a multiple of annual base salary (one and one-half times for officers with at least two years of service, and one time for all other officers), unless and until the NEO is employed by another employer. The Severance Plan also provides a COBRA subsidy for a period of up to 18 months following a qualifying separation. The Change in Control Plan generally provides for double-trigger severance benefits in connection with a qualifying separati