=== APTV_2026-02-06.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Set forth below are certain risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition and cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements made by the Company. Also refer to the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information in this Annual Report. Risks Related to Business Environment and Economic Conditions Disruptions in the supply of raw materials and other supplies that we and our customers use in our products may adversely affect our profitability. We and our customers use a broad range of materials and supplies, including copper and other metals, petroleum-based resins, chemicals, electronic components and semiconductors. A significant disruption in the supply of these materials for any reason could decrease our production and shipping levels, which could materially increase our operating costs and materially decrease our profit margins. We, as with other component manufacturers in the automotive industry, ship products to our customers’ vehicle assembly plants throughout the world so they are delivered on a “just-in-time” basis in order to maintain low inventory levels. Our suppliers also use a similar method. However, this “just-in-time” method makes the logistics supply chain in our industry very complex and very vulnerable to disruptions. Such disruptions could be caused by any one of a myriad of potential problems, such as closures of one of our or our suppliers’ plants or critical manufacturing lines due to strikes, mechanical breakdowns or failures, electrical outages, fires, explosions, political upheaval, terrorism or war, material shortages, as well as logistical complications due to weather, global climate change, volcanic eruptions, or other natural or nuclear disasters, delayed customs processing, the spread of an infectious disease, virus or other widespread illness and more. Additionally, as we focus operations in best cost countries, the risk for such disruptions is heightened. The lack of any single subcomponent necessary to manufacture one of our products could force us to cease production, potentially for a prolonged period. Similarly, a potential quality issue could force us to halt deliveries while we validate the products. Even where products are ready to be shipped, or have been shipped, delays may arise before they reach our customer. Our customers may halt or delay their production for the same reason if one of their other suppliers fails to deliver necessary components. This may cause our customers, in turn to suspend their orders, or instruct us to suspend delivery, of our products, which may adversely affect our financial performance. When we fail to make timely deliveries in accordance with our contractual obligations, we generally have to absorb our own costs for identifying and solving the “root cause” problem as well as expeditiously producing replacement components or products. Generally, we must also carry the costs associated with “catching up,” such as overtime and premium freight. Additionally, if we are the cause for a customer being forced to halt production, the customer may seek to recoup all of its losses and expenses from us. These losses and expenses could be significant and may include consequential losses such as lost profits. Any global supply chain disruption, however small, could potentially cause the complete shutdown of an assembly line of one of our customers, and any such shutdown that is due to causes that are within our control could expose us to material claims of compensation. Where a customer halts production because of another supplier failing to deliver on time, there can be no assurance we will be fully compensated, if at all. Global supply chain disruptions have in the past and could in the future lead to interruptions in our production, which could impact our ability to fully meet the vehicle production demands of OEMs at times due to events which are outside our control. For example, as a result of the rapidly evolving trade policies and tariff actions, the uncertainty in the automotive industry has increased, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. We will continue to actively monitor our global supply chain and will seek to aggressively mitigate and minimize the impact of any future disruptions on our business. In addition, we are carrying critical inventory items and key components, and we continue to procure productive, raw material and non-critical inventory components in order to satisfy our customers’ vehicle production schedules. However, as a result of our customers’ recent production volatility and cancellations, among other things, our balance of productive, raw and component material inventories has increased substantially from customary levels as of both December 31, 2025 and 2024. These changes to the production environment were primarily driven by the global supply chain disruptions that impacted the automotive industry at times during previous years. We continue to actively monitor and manage inventory levels across all inventory types in order to maximize both supply continuity and the efficient use of working capital. The cyclical nature of automotive sales and production can adversely affect our business. Our business is directly related to automotive sales and automotive vehicle production by our customers. Automotive sales and production are highly cyclical and, in addition to general economic conditions, also depend on other factors, such as consumer confidence and consumer preferences. Lower global automotive sales would be expected to result in substantially all of our automotive OEM customers lowering vehicle production schedules, which has a direct impact on our earnings and cash flows. In addition, automotive sales and production can be affected by labor relations issues, regulatory requirements, trade 16 Table of Contents agreements, the availability of consumer financing, inflationary pressures, interest rate volatility, supply chain disruptions and other factors, including global health crises. Economic declines that result in a significant reduction in automotive sales and production by our customers have in the past had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our sales are also affected by inventory levels and OEMs’ production levels. We cannot predict when OEMs will decide to increase or decrease inventory levels or whether new inventory levels will approximate historical inventory levels. Uncertainty and other unexpected fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. A prolonged recession and/or a downturn in global automotive sales could adversely affect our business and cause us to require additional sources of financing to continue our operations, which may not be available to us or be available only on materially different terms than what has historically been available. Our sensitivity to economic cycles and any related fluctuation in the businesses of our customers or potential customers may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Global automotive vehicle production increased 4% from 2024 to 2025 (1% on an Aptiv weighted market basis, which represents global vehicle production weighted to the geographic regions in which the Company generates its revenue), reflecting increased vehicle production of 10% in China and 1% in South America, our smallest region, partially offset by declines of 2% in North America and 1% in Europe. A prolonged downturn in or uncertainty relating to global or regional economic conditions, including as a result of trade barriers, high inflation, component shortages, labor shortages or any significant reduction in automotive sales by our customers, may result in the delay or cancellation of plans to purchase our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, uncertainty relating to global or regional economic conditions may have an adverse impact on our business. Any such adverse impacts could require us to shut down plants or result in impairment charges, restructuring actions or changes in our valuation allowances against deferred tax assets, which could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. Deteriorating global economic conditions and/or deteriorating performance of our business may also have a negative impact on our market capitalization, which could also result in impairment charges. A determination that an impairment has occurred could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Any significant negative cash flow or instability in the global credit markets and global economic pressure could limit our ability to obtain external financing on favorable terms. There can be no assurance that we would be able to secure such financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all. A drop in the market share and changes in product mix offered by our customers can impact our revenues. We are dependent on the continued growth, viability and financial stability of our customers. Our customers generally are OEMs in the automotive industry. This industry is subject to rapid technological change, vigorous competition, cyclical and short product life cycles, reduced consumer demand patterns and industry consolidation. When our customers are adversely affected by these factors, we may be similarly affected to the extent that our customers reduce the volume of orders for our products. As a result of changes impacting our customers, sales mix can shift which may have either favorable or unfavorable impacts on our revenues and would include shifts in regional growth, shifts in OEM sales demand, as well as shifts in consumer demand related to vehicle segment purchases and content penetration. For instance, a shift in sales demand favoring a particular OEMs’ vehicle model for which we do not have a supply contract may negatively impact our revenue. A shift in regional sales demand toward certain markets could impact the sales of our customers that have a large market share in those regions, which in turn would be expected to impact our revenue. The mix of vehicle offerings by our OEM customers also impacts our sales. A decrease in consumer demand for specific types of vehicles where we have traditionally provided significant content could have a significant effect on our business and financial condition. For example, while we have identified high voltage electrification systems as a key product market, certain of our OEM customers have recently announced delays in or changes to their software-defined vehicle investment strategies amidst reduced expectations for future consumer demand for these products, which could adversely impact the growth of this product market within our business. Our sales of products in the regions in which our customers operate also depend on the success of these customers in those regions. Our business in China is subject to aggressive competition and is sensitive to economic and market conditions. Maintaining a strong position in the Chinese market is a key component of our global growth strategy. The automotive technology and components market in China is highly competitive, with competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous smaller domestic manufacturers. Domestic Chinese OEMs have continued to expand their market share in China, and as a result, several non-Chinese OEMs have experienced declines in revenue and market share, resulting in certain traditional OEMs taking steps to reduce or restructure their operations in China. For example, in 2025, General Motors (“GM”) restructured their operations in China given challenges in the Chinese market. As GM, along with other traditional OEMs, are among our largest customers, our business and financial results may be adversely affected by decreases in their 17 Table of Contents businesses or market share in China. As the size of the Chinese market continues to increase over the long-term, we anticipate that additional competitors, both international and domestic, will seek to enter the Chinese market and that existing market participants will act aggressively to increase their market share. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced margins and our inability to gain or hold market share. Additionally, there have been periods of increased market volatility and moderations in the level of economic growth in China, which resulted in periods of lower automotive production growth rates in China than those previously experienced. Our business in China is sensitive to economic and market conditions that drive automotive sales volumes in China and may be impacted if there are reductions in vehicle demand in China. If we are unable to maintain our position in the Chinese market or if vehicle sales in China continue to experience minimal growth or decrease, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected. We operate in the highly competitive automotive technology and component supply industry, and are dependent on the acceptance of new product introductions for continued growth. The global automotive technology and component supply industry is highly competitive. Competition is based primarily on price, technology, quality, delivery and overall customer service. There can be no assurance that our products will be able to compete successfully with the products of our competitors. Furthermore, the rapidly evolving nature of the markets in which we compete has attracted, and may continue to attract, new and disruptive entrants from outside the traditional automotive supply industry, particularly in countries such as China or in areas of evolving vehicle technologies such as automated driving technologies and advanced software. These entrants may seek to gain access to certain vehicle technology and component markets. Any of these new competitors may develop and introduce technologies that gain greater customer or consumer acceptance, which could adversely affect the future growth of the Company. Additionally, consolidation in the automotive industry may lead to decreased product purchases from us. As a result, our sales levels and margins could be adversely affected by pricing pressures from OEMs and pricing actions of competitors. These factors led to selective resourcing of business to competitors in the past and may also do so in the future. In addition, any of our competitors may foresee the course of market development more accurately than us, develop products that are superior to our products, have the ability to produce similar products at a lower cost than us, adapt more quickly than us to new technologies or evolving customer requirements or develop or introduce new products or solutions before we do, particularly related to potential transformative technologies such as autonomous driving solutions. As a result, our products may not be able to compete successfully with their products. These trends may adversely affect our sales as well as the profit margins on our products. If we do not continue to innovate to develop or acquire new and compelling products that capitalize upon new technologies, this could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. If we do not respond appropriately, the evolution of the automotive industry towards autonomous vehicles and mobility on demand services could adversely affect our business. The automotive industry is increasingly focused on the development of advanced driver assistance technologies, with the goal of developing and introducing a commercially-viable, fully automated driving experience. The high development cost of active safety and autonomous driving technologies may result in a higher risk of exposure to the success of new or disruptive technologies different than those being developed by us. There has also been an increase in consumer preferences for mobility on demand services, such as car- and ride-sharing, as opposed to automobile ownership, which may result in a long-term reduction in the number of vehicles per capita. These evolving areas have also attracted increased competition from entrants outside the traditional automotive industry. If we do not continue to respond quickly and effectively to this evolutionary process, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. We have invested substantial resources in markets and technologies where we expect growth and we may be unable to timely alter our strategies should such expectations not be realized. Our future growth is dependent on our making the right investments at the right time to support product development and manufacturing capacity in geographic areas where we can support our customer base and in product areas of evolving vehicle technologies. We have identified the Asia Pacific region, and more specifically China, as a key geographic market, and have identified intelligent systems software, advanced driver assistance systems, autonomous driving technologies, mobility solutions and high voltage electrification systems as key product markets. We believe these markets are likely to experience substantial long-term growth, and accordingly have made and expect to continue to make substantial investments, both directly and through participation in various partnerships and joint ventures, in numerous manufacturing operations, technical centers, research and development activities and other infrastructure to support anticipated growth in these areas. If we are unable to deepen existing and develop additional customer relationships in the Asia Pacific region, or if we are unable to develop and introduce market-relevant advanced driver assistance or autonomous driving technologies, we may not only fail to realize expected rates of return on our existing investments, but we may incur losses on such investments and be unable to timely redeploy the invested capital to take advantage of other markets or product categories, potentially resulting in lost market share to our competitors. Our results will also suffer if these areas do not grow as quickly as we anticipate. 18 Table of Contents We may not be able to respond quickly enough to changes in regulations, technology and technological risks, and to develop our intellectual property into commercially viable products. We cannot provide assurance that certain of our products will not become obsolete or that we will be able to achieve the technological advances that may be necessary for us to remain competitive and maintain or increase our revenues in the future. We are also subject to the risks generally associated with new product introductions and applications, including lack of market acceptance, delays in product development or production and failure of products to operate properly. The pace of our development and introduction of new and improved products depends on our ability to implement improved technological innovations in design, engineering and manufacturing, which requires extensive capital investment. Any capital expenditure cuts in these areas that we may determine to implement in the future to reduce costs and conserve cash could reduce our ability to develop and implement improved technological innovations, which may materially reduce demand for our products. To compete effectively in the automotive technology and components industry, we must be able to launch new products to meet changing consumer preferences and our customers’ demand in a timely and cost-effective manner. Our ability to respond to competitive pressures and react quickly to other major changes in the marketplace, including the potential introduction of disruptive technologies such as autonomous driving solutions or consumer desire for and availability of vehicles with advanced driver assistance technologies or which use alternative fuels is also a risk to our future financial performance. Changes in legislative, regulatory or industry requirements or in competitive technologies may render certain of our products obsolete or less attractive. Our ability to anticipate changes in technology and regulatory standards and to successfully develop and introduce new and enhanced products on a timely and cost competitive basis will be a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive and to maintain or increase our revenues. For example, the evolving sector of automated driver assistance and autonomous driving technologies has led to guidance issued by the U.S. Department of Transportation (“DOT”) regarding best practices for the testing and deployment of automated driving systems, and outlining federal and state roles in the regulation of these systems, including providing state legislatures with best practices on how to safely foster the development and introduction of automated driving technologies onto public roads. There remains potential for the continued introduction of new and expanded regulations in this space, including potential requirements for autonomous vehicle systems to receive approval from the DOT or other regulatory agencies prior to commercial introduction. It is also possible that regulations in this space may diverge among jurisdictions, leading to increased compliance costs. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to install and certify the equipment needed to produce products for new product programs in time for the start of production, or that the transitioning of our manufacturing facilities and resources to full production under new product programs will not impact production rates or other operational efficiency measures at our facilities. Development and manufacturing schedules are difficult to predict, and we cannot provide assurance that our customers will execute on schedule the launch of their new product programs, for which we might supply products. Our failure to successfully launch new products, or a failure by our customers to successfully launch new programs, could adversely affect our results. Certain of our businesses rely on relationships with collaborative partners and other third-parties for development of products and potential products, and such collaborative partners or other third-parties could fail to perform sufficiently. We believe that for certain of our businesses, success in developing market-relevant products depends in part on our ability to develop and maintain collaborative relationships with other companies. There are certain risks involved in such relationships, as our collaborative partners may not devote sufficient resources to the success of our collaborations; may be acquired by other companies and subsequently terminate our collaborative arrangement; may compete with us; may not agree with us on key details of the collaborative relationship; or may not agree to renew existing collaborations on acceptable terms. Because these and other factors may be beyond our control, the development or commercialization of our products involved in collaborative partnerships may be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. If we or any of our collaborative partners terminate a collaborative arrangement, we may be required to devote additional resources to product development and commercialization or may need to cancel certain development programs, which could adversely affect our business and operational results. Declines in the market share or business of our five largest customers may adversely impact our revenues and profitability. Our five largest customers accounted for approximately 42% of our total net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. Accordingly, our revenues may be adversely affected by decreases in any of their businesses or market share. For instance, the worldwide semiconductor shortage adversely impacted the automotive industry in recent years resulting in reduced vehicle production schedules and sales from historical levels, which adversely impacted our financial condition, operating results and cash flows for portions of the year ended December 31, 2023. In addition, certain United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America (“UAW”) represented employees at GM, Ford Motor Company (“Ford”) and Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis”) initiated labor strikes in September 2023, lasting more than six weeks in duration. As GM, Ford and Stellantis are among our largest customers, these labor strikes adversely impacted our financial condition, operating results 19 Table of Contents and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2023. Furthermore, because our customers typically have no obligation to purchase a specific quantity of parts, a decline in the production levels of any of our major customers, particularly with respect to models for which we are a significant supplier, could reduce our sales and thereby adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. We may not realize sales represented by awarded business. We estimate awarded business using certain assumptions, including projected future sales volumes. Our customers generally do not guarantee volumes. In addition, awarded business may include business under arrangements that our customers have the right to terminate without penalty. Therefore, our actual sales volumes, and thus the ultimate amount of revenue that we derive from such sales, are not committed. If actual production orders from our customers are not consistent with the projections we use in calculating the amount of our awarded business, we could realize substantially less revenue over the life of these projects than the currently projected estimate. Continued pricing pressures, OEM cost reduction initiatives and the ability of OEMs to re-source or cancel vehicle programs may result in lower than anticipated margins, or losses, which may have a significant negative impact on our business. Cost-cutting initiatives adopted by our customers result in increased downward pressure on pricing. Our customer supply agreements generally require step-downs in component pricing over the period of production, typically one to three percent per year. In addition, our customers often reserve the right to terminate their supply contracts for convenience, which enhances their ability to obtain price reductions. OEMs have also possessed significant leverage over their suppliers, including us, because the automotive technology and component supply industry is highly competitive, serves a limited number of customers, has a high fixed cost base and historically has had excess capacity. Based on these factors, and the fact that our customers’ product programs typically last a number of years and are anticipated to encompass large volumes, our customers are able to negotiate favorable pricing. Accordingly, as a Tier I supplier, we are subject to substantial continuing pressure from OEMs to reduce the price of our products. For example, our customer supply agreements generally provide for annual reductions in pricing of our products over the period of production. It is possible that pricing pressures beyond our expectations could intensify as OEMs pursue restructuring and cost-cutting initiatives. If we are unable to generate sufficient production cost savings in the future to offset price reductions, our gross margin and profitability would be adversely affected. See Item 1. Supply Relationships with Our Customers for a detailed discussion of our supply agreements with our customers. Our supply agreements with our OEM customers are generally requirements contracts, and a decline in the production requirements of any of our customers, and in particular our largest customers, could adversely impact our revenues and profitability. We receive OEM purchase orders for specific components supplied for particular vehicles. In most instances our OEM customers agree to purchase their requirements for specific products but are not required to purchase any minimum amount of products from us. The contracts we have entered into with most of our customers have terms ranging from one year to the life of the model (usually three to seven years, although customers often reserve the right to terminate for convenience). Therefore, a significant decrease in demand for certain key models or group of related models sold by any of our major customers or the ability of a manufacturer to re-source and discontinue purchasing from us, for a particular model or group of models, could have a material adverse effect on us. To the extent that we do not maintain our existing level of business with our largest customers because of a decline in their production requirements or because the contracts expire or are terminated for convenience, we will need to attract new customers or win new business with existing customers, or our results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. See Item 1. Supply Relationships with Our Customers for a detailed discussion of our supply agreements with our customers. Our inability to effectively manage the timing, quality and costs of new program launches could adversely affect our financial performance. In connection with the award of new business, we obligate ourselves to deliver new products and services that are subject to our customers’ timing, performance and quality standards. The launch of production is a complex process, the success of which depends on a wide range of factors, including: the timing and frequency of design changes by our customers relative to the start of production; product maturity and complexity; production readiness of our own, as well as our customers’ and suppliers’ manufacturing facilities; robustness of manufacturing

=== APTV_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS A summary of our ordinary shares repurchased during the three months ended March 31, 2026, is shown below: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share (2) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Program (in millions) (3) January 1, 2026 to January 31, 2026 — $ — — $ 2,115 February 1, 2026 to February 28, 2026 151,863 $ 76.04 151,863 $ 2,104 March 1, 2026 to March 31, 2026 896,574 $ 71.04 896,574 $ 2,040 Total 1,048,437 $ 71.76 1,048,437 (1) The total number of shares purchased under the plans authorized by the Board of Directors are described below. (2) Excluding commissions. (3) In July 2024, the Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program of up to $5.0 billion. This program commenced following completion of the Company’s January 2019 share repurchase program of up to $2.0 billion. The timing of repurchases is dependent on price, market conditions and applicable regulatory requirements. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Securities Trading Plans of Executive Officers and Directors Transactions in our securities by our executive officers and directors are required to be made in accordance with our insider trading policy, which, among other things, requires that the transactions be in accordance with applicable U.S. federal securities laws that prohibit trading while in possession of material nonpublic information. Our insider trading policy permits our executive officers and directors to enter into trading plans in accordance with Rule 10b5-1. 66 Table of Contents The following table describes contracts, instructions or written plans for the sale or purchase of our securities adopted by our executive officers and directors during the first quarter of 2026, each of which is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c), referred to as Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. See Note 2 below. Name and Title Action Date of Adoption of Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan Scheduled Expiration Date of Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan (1) Aggregate Number of Securities/Dollar Value to be Purchased or Sold Katherine H. Ramundo, Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary (2) Adoption 2/7/2026 1/27/2027 Sale of up to 13,000 ordinary shares Allan J. Brazier, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (2) Adoption 2/23/2026 11/13/2026 Sale of up to 14,440 ordinary shares Obed D. Louissaint, Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer (2) Adoption 3/13/2026 1/29/2027 Sale of up to 17,000 ordinary shares (1) In each case, a trading plan may also expire on such earlier dates as all transactions under the trading plan are completed. (2) In connection with the Separation, this plan, along with all other active trading plans, were amended solely with respect to the price to reflect an appropriate adjustment given the change in stock price due to the Separation. During the first quarter of 2026, no executive officer or director of the Company adopted , modified or terminated any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2026, by and between Aptiv PLC and Versigent Limited. 8-K 2.1 April 1, 2026 22 * List of Guarantor Subsidiaries 31.1 * Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 31.2 * Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 32.1 * Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 * Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS # Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH # Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL # Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF # Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB # Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE # Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 # Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. * Filed herewith. + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. # Filed electronically with the Report. 67 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. APTIV PLC /s/ Varun Laroyia By: Varun Laroyia Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dated: May 5, 2026 68 