=== APTV_2026-02-06.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion of the risks related to significant disruptions at our or our customers manufacturing facilities. Economic volatility or weakness in North America, Europe, China or, to a lesser extent, South America, could result in a significant reduction in automotive sales and production by our customers, which would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Global inflationary pressures have, at times, both reduced consumer demand for automotive vehicles and increased the price of inputs to our products, which has adversely impacted our sales and profitability, which may continue in 2026. There is also potential that geopolitical factors could adversely impact the U.S. and other economies, and specifically the automotive sector. In particular, changes to international trade agreements, such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (the USMCA ), increases in trade tariffs, import quotas and other trade restrictions or actions, including retaliatory responses to such actions, or other political pressures have affected and could continue to affect our operations and the operations of our OEM customers, resulting in reduced automotive production in certain regions or shifts in the mix of production to higher cost regions. Increases in interest rates could also negatively impact automotive production as a result of increased consumer borrowing costs or reduced credit availability. Additionally, economic weakness may result in shifts in the mix of future automotive sales (from vehicles with more content such as luxury vehicles, trucks and sport utility vehicles toward smaller passenger cars). While our diversified customer and geographic revenue base, along with our flexible cost structure, have well positioned us to withstand the impact of industry downturns and benefit from industry upturns, shifts in the mix of global automotive production to higher cost regions or to vehicles with less content could adversely impact our profitability. Ukraine/Russia conflict. The conflict between Ukraine and Russia, which began in February 2022, has had, and is expected to continue to have, negative economic impacts to both countries and to the European and global economies. In response to the conflict, the European Union (the E.U. ), the U.S. and other governments implemented broad economic sanctions against Russia. These countries may impose further sanctions and take other actions as the situation continues. Given the sanctions put in place by the E.U., U.S. and other governments, which restrict our ability to conduct business in Russia, we initiated a plan in the second quarter of 2022 to exit our 51% owned subsidiary in Russia. On May 30, 2023, the Company completed the sale of its entire interest in the Russian subsidiary to JSC Samara Cables Company, the sole minority shareholder in the Russian subsidiary, for a nominal amount in exchange for all of the Company s shares in the subsidiary. The Company did not record any incremental gain or loss resulting from this disposition. Refer to Note 20. Acquisitions and Divestitures to the audited consolidated financial statements contained herein for further detail on this transaction. Ukraine and Russia are significant global producers of raw materials used in our supply chain, including copper, aluminum, palladium and neon gases. Disruptions in the supply and volatility in the price of these materials and other inputs produced by Ukraine or Russia, including increased logistics costs and longer transit times, could adversely impact our business and results of operations. The conflict has also increased the possibility of cyberattacks occurring, which could either directly or indirectly impact our operations. Furthermore, the conflict has caused our customers to analyze their and their suppliers continued presence in the region and future customer production plans in the region remain uncertain. We do not have a material physical presence in either Russia or Ukraine, with less than 1% of our workforce located in the countries as of December 31, 2025. For the year ended December 31, 2025, less than 1% of our net sales were generated from manufacturing facilities in Ukraine, and we did not generate any sales in Russia. However, the impacts of the conflict have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, global economies, and in particular, the European economy, a region which accounted for approximately 32% of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. As a result of the conflict, the Company ceased using certain long-lived assets in Ukraine and consequently recorded non-cash impairment charges of $11 million during the year ended December 31, 2023. These charges were recorded within cost of sales in the consolidated statements of operations. We continue to monitor the situation and will seek to minimize its impact to our business, while prioritizing the safety and well-being of our employees located in both countries and our compliance with applicable laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. Any of the impacts mentioned above, among others, could adversely affect our business, business opportunities, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Global supply chain disruptions. Global supply chain disruptions have in the past and could in the future lead to interruptions in our production, which could impact our ability to fully meet the vehicle production demands of OEMs at times due to events which are outside our control. For example, as a result of the rapidly evolving trade policies and tariff actions, the uncertainty in the automotive industry has increased, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. We will continue to actively monitor our global supply chain and will seek to aggressively mitigate and minimize the impact of any future disruptions on our business. In addition, we are carrying critical inventory items and key components, and we continue to procure productive, raw material and non-critical inventory components in order to satisfy our customers vehicle production schedules. However, as a 41 Table of Contents result of our customers recent production volatility and cancellations, among other things, our balance of productive, raw and component material inventories has increased substantially from customary levels as of both December 31, 2025 and 2024. These changes to the production environment were primarily driven by the global supply chain disruptions that impacted the automotive industry at times during previous years. We continue to actively monitor and manage inventory levels across all inventory types in order to maximize both supply continuity and the efficient use of working capital. Normally we do not carry inventories of such raw materials in excess of those reasonably required to meet our production and shipping schedules. Key growth regions . We believe our strong global presence has positioned us to generate strong growth rates over the long-term. We continue to expand our established presence in key growth regions, positioning us to benefit from the expected long-term growth opportunities in these regions. We are capitalizing on our long-standing relationships with the global OEMs and further enhancing our positions with OEMs in key growth regions to continue expanding our worldwide leadership. We believe that our presence in best cost countries positions us to realize incremental margin improvements as the global balance of automotive production shifts towards these key growth regions. In addition, we continue to build upon our extensive geographic reach, enabled by our leadership in the automotive market, to capitalize on opportunities in key growth markets, including aerospace and defense, telecom and datacom, and diversified industries. We have a strong local presence in China, including a major manufacturing base and well-established customer relationships. Each of our business segments have operations and sales in China. There have been periods of increased market volatility and moderations in the level of economic growth in China, which resulted in periods of lower automotive production growth rates in China than those previously experienced. Automotive production in China experienced growth of 10% in 2025, which follows growth of 4% in 2024. Despite the market volatility and moderation in the level of economic growth in China, rising income levels in China and other key growth markets are expected to result in stronger growth rates in these markets over the long-term. Our business in China remains sensitive to economic and market conditions that impact automotive sales volumes in China and may be affected if the pace of growth slows as the Chinese market matures or if there are reductions in vehicle demand in China. Our business in China may also be impacted by the expanding market share of domestic Chinese OEMs in the China market, which has led to declines in revenue and market share of non-Chinese OEMs, resulting in certain traditional OEMs taking steps to reduce or restructure their operations in China. However, we continue to believe this market will benefit from long-term demand for new vehicles and stringent governmental regulation driving increased vehicle content, including accelerated demand for electrified vehicles. Market driven products . Our product offerings satisfy our customers needs to meet increasingly stringent government regulations and meet consumer preferences for products that address the trends of automation, electrification and digitalization. With our offerings, we believe we are well-positioned to benefit from the growing demand for vehicle content and technology related to safety, electrification, high speed data, connectivity to the global information network and automated driving technologies. We are benefiting from the substantial increase in vehicle content, including advanced software and optimized hardware required to enable systems such as automated advanced driver assistance technologies, electrical vehicle monitoring, active safety systems, lane departure warning systems, integrated vehicle cockpit displays, navigation systems and technologies that enable connected infotainment in vehicles. While we have identified electrification programs as a key market for our products, certain of our OEM customers have recently announced delays in or changes to their software-defined vehicle investment strategies amidst reduced expectations for future consumer demand for these products. Global capabilities and risks . Many OEMs are continuing to develop vehicle platforms intended to increase standardization, reduce per-unit cost and increase capital efficiency and profitability. In addition, geopolitical tensions are also causing them to regionalize their supply chains. As a result, OEMs prefer suppliers that have the capability to manufacture products on a global basis with manufacturing and design flexibility to adapt to regional variations. Suppliers with global scale and strong design, engineering and manufacturing capabilities are best positioned to benefit from this trend. Our global manufacturing footprint enables us to efficiently manufacture in and supply from best cost countries at scale. Our regional teams allow us to stay connected to local market requirements and more closely partner with our customers during all phases of the development process, from design through production, while maintaining focus on increasing efficiency and lowering costs. Increasing manufacturing automation, footprint rotation to best cost countries, and other operational initiatives have supported our commitment to continuous improvement, leveraging scale and enhancing efficiency to improve our margins. Our operations are subject to certain risks inherent in doing business globally, including military conflicts in regions in which we operate, changes in laws or regulations governing labor, trade, or other monetary or tax fiscal policy changes, including the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the OECD ) Pillar Two Framework (the Framework ), tariffs, quotas, customs and other import or export restrictions or trade barriers. Existing free trade laws and regulations, such as the USMCA, provide certain beneficial duties and tariffs for qualifying imports and exports, subject to compliance with the applicable classification and other requirements. Changes in laws or policies governing the terms of trade, and in particular increased trade restrictions, tariffs, taxes or non-tariff barriers on imports 42 Table of Contents from countries where we manufacture products, such as China and Mexico, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. For example, beginning on April 2, 2025, the U.S. government announced tariffs of at least 10% across imported goods from all countries, with rates even higher for goods from certain countries with a high trade deficit with the U.S. Subsequent to this announcement, a number of other countries announced tariffs on U.S. goods and have negotiated or continue to negotiate trade agreements with the U.S. While the impacts to the Company resulting from these incremental tariffs were not significant during 2025, the future impact of any announced tariffs is subject to a number of factors, including the effective date and duration of such tariffs, changes in the amount, scope and nature of the tariffs in the future, any retaliatory responses to such actions that the target countries may take and any mitigating actions that may become available, and may be material to the Company. In addition, we are continuing to work with our customers and suppliers to mitigate the impact of these incremental tariffs on our results of operations. Despite recent trade negotiations and the potential for trade agreements between the U.S. and the Mexican, Canadian and Chinese governments, given the uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of any new tariffs and any associated retaliatory measures, as well as the potential for additional tariffs or trade barriers by the U.S., Mexico, Canada, China or other countries, we can provide no assurance that any strategies we implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs or other trade actions will be successful. Management continues to monitor the volatile geopolitical environment to identify, quantify and assess proposed or threatened duties, taxes or other business restrictions which could adversely affect our business and financial results. In addition, the government of Mexico implemented country-wide statutory minimum wage increases of approximately 13% (5% in Northern Border Zone), 12% and 20%, effective January 1, 2026, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The government of Mexico has indicated it may implement other labor reforms, such as an initiative to shorten the work week from 48 to 40 hours, as early as January 1, 2027, through a gradual reduction of two hours per year. Labor costs have increased significantly in Mexico as a result of this and other labor reform initiatives, necessitating a strategic review of more cost-competitive jurisdictions and a greater acceleration in manufacturing automation. While management has implemented measures to mitigate the impact of these labor reforms on our cost structure, we cannot predict the ultimate future impact on our business. The outbreak of armed conflicts in the Middle East beginning in October 2023 has also created numerous uncertainties, including the risk that the conflicts spread throughout the broader region, and their impact on the global economy and supply chains. In addition, as described above, the conflict between Ukraine and Russia has also created numerous economic uncertainties, including the potential for further sanctions against Russia, the impact on the global supply chain for raw materials produced in each country, as well as increased logistics costs and transit times, and the actions of automotive OEMs and suppliers as they relate to production plans in each country and within the region. We are also subject to risks associated with actions taken by governmental authorities to impose changes in laws or regulations that restrict certain business operations, trade or travel in response to a pandemic or widespread outbreak of an illness. The impacts of any of these factors mentioned above, among others, could adversely affect our business, business opportunities, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Product development . The automotive technology and components industry is highly competitive and is characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and changes in customer needs. Our ability to anticipate changes in technology and regulatory standards and to successfully develop and introduce new and enhanced products on a timely and cost competitive basis will be a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive and to maintain or increase our revenues. To compete effectively in the automotive technology and components industry, we must be able to develop and launch new products to meet our customers demands in a timely manner. With our innovative technologies and robust global engineering and development capabilities, we are well positioned to meet the increasingly stringent vehicle manufacturer demands and consumer preferences for high-technology content in automobiles. OEMs are increasingly looking to their suppliers to simplify vehicle design and assembly processes to reduce costs. As a result, OEMs prefer suppliers that have the capability to manufacture products on a global basis with manufacturing and design flexibility to adapt to regional variations. Suppliers that can provide fully engineered solutions, systems and pre-assembled combinations of component parts are positioned to leverage the trend toward system sourcing from global suppliers. Engineering, design and development . Our history and culture of innovation have enabled us to develop significant intellectual property and design and development expertise to provide advanced technology solutions that meet the demands of our customers. We have a team of approximately 20,700 scientists, engineers and technicians focused on developing leading product solutions for our key markets, located at 11 major technical centers in China, Germany, India, Mexico, Poland, Singapore and the United States. Our total investment in research and development, including engineering, was approximately $1.7 billion, $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which includes approximately $573 million, $535 million and $492 million of co-investment by customers and government agencies. Each year we share some engineering expenses with OEMs and government agencies which generally ranges from 25% to 35% of engineering expenses. This level of co-investment supports product development, accelerates the pace of innovation and 43 Table of Contents reduces the risk associated with successful commercialization of technological breakthroughs. We also encourage open innovation and collaborate extensively with peers in the industry, government agencies and academic institutions. In the past, suppliers often incurred the initial cost of engineering, designing and developing automotive component parts, and recovered their investments over time by including a cost recovery component in the price of each part based on expected volumes. Recently, we and many other suppliers have negotiated for cost recovery payments independent of volumes. This trend reduces our economic risk. We utilize a Technology Advisory Council, a panel of prominent global technology thought leaders, which helps us anticipate cutting-edge technology trends and guides our product strategies and investments in technology with a focus on developing advanced technologies to drive growth and foster innovation. This independent perspective assists Aptiv in pursuing investments in the right technologies that create the most value for all of its stakeholders. We believe that our engineering and technical expertise, together with our emphasis on continuing research and development, allow us to use the latest technologies, materials and processes to solve problems for our customers and to bring new, innovative products to market. We believe that continued engineering activities are critical to maintaining our pipeline of technologically advanced products. Given our strong financial discipline, we seek to effectively manage fixed costs and efficiently rationalize capital spending by critically evaluating the profit potential of new and existing customer programs, including investment in innovation and technology. We maintain our engineering activities around our focused product portfolio and allocate our capital and resources to those products with distinctive technologies. We expect expenditures for research and development activities, including engineering, net of co-investment, to be approximately $1.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2026. We maintain a large portfolio of approximately 11,000 patents and protective rights in the operation of our business as of December 31, 2025. While no individual patent or group of patents, taken alone, is considered material to our business, taken in the aggregate, these patents provide meaningful protection for our products and technical innovations. Similarly, while our trademarks are important to identify our position in the industry, we do not believe that any of these are individually material to our business. We are actively pursuing marketing opportunities to commercialize and license our technology to both automotive and non-automotive industries and we have selectively taken licenses from others to support our business interests. These activities foster optimization of intellectual property rights. Pricing . Cost-cutting initiatives adopted by our customers result in increased downward pressure on pricing. Our customer supply agreements generally require step-downs in component pricing over the periods of production and OEMs have historically possessed significant leverage over their outside suppliers because the automotive component supply industry is fragmented and serves a limited number of automotive OEMs. Our profitability depends in part on our ability to generate sufficient production cost savings in the future to offset price reductions. In addition, during recent years, global economies and our industry were subjected to significant inflationary cost pressures, and these pressures may continue in 2026. We also continue to face additional potential impacts from the rapidly evolving trade policies and tariff actions. We continue to work with our customers, both through price recoveries and adjustments as well as future pricing adjustments as contracts renew, to mitigate the impact of these inflationary pressures on our results of operations. We are focused on maintaining a low fixed cost structure that provides us flexibility to remain profitable at all points of the traditional vehicle industry production cycle. As a result, approximately 97% of our hourly workforce is located in best cost countries. Furthermore, we have substantial operational flexibility by leveraging a large workforce of contingent workers, which represented approximately 31% of the hourly workforce as of December 31, 2025. However, we will continue to adjust our cost structure and optimize our manufacturing footprint in response to changes in the global and regional automotive markets and in order to increase investment in advanced technologies and engineering, as evidenced by our ongoing restructuring programs focused on reducing our global overhead costs, the continued rotation of our manufacturing footprint to best cost locations in Europe and aligning our manufacturing capacity with the current levels of automotive production in each region. As we continue to operate in a cyclical industry that is impacted by movements in the global and regional economies, we continually evaluate opportunities to further refine our cost structure. Assuming constant product mix and pricing, based on our 2025 results, we estimate that our EBITDA breakeven level would be reached if we experienced a 45% downturn to current product volumes. We have a strong balance sheet with gross debt of approximately $7.7 billion and substantial available liquidity of approximately $4.4 billion consisting of cash and cash equivalents and available financing under our Revolving Credit Facility and committed European accounts receivable factoring facility (as defined below in Liquidity and Capital Resources) as of December 31, 2025, and no significant U.S. defined benefit or workforce postretirement health care benefits and employer-paid postretirement basic life insurance benefits liabilities. We intend to maintain strong financial discipline by targeting industry-leading earnings growth, cash flow generation and return on invested capital and to maintain sufficient liquidity to sustain our financial flexibility throughout the industry cycle. OEM product recalls . The number of vehicles recalled globally by OEMs has increased above historical levels. These recalls can either be initiated by the OEMs or influenced or required by regulatory agencies. Although there are differing rules 44 Table of Contents and regulations across countries governing recalls for safety issues, as automotive components are increasingly standardized across regions, the level of recalls outside of the U.S. may also increase. Given the sensitivity to safety issues in the automotive industry, including increased focus from regulators and consumers, we anticipate the number of automotive recalls may remain above historical levels in the near future. Although we engage in extensive product quality programs and processes, it is possible that we may be adversely affected in the future if the pace of these recalls continues. Efficient use of capital . The global vehicle components industry is generally capital intensive and a portion of a supplier s capital equipment is frequently utilized for specific customer programs. Lead times for procurement of capital equipment are long and typically exceed start of production by one to two years. Substantial advantages exist for suppliers that can leverage their prior investments in capital equipment or amortize the investment over higher volume global customer programs. Industry consolidation and disruptive new entrants . Consolidation among worldwide OEMs and suppliers is expected to continue as these companies seek to achieve operating synergies and value stream efficiencies, acquire complementary technologies and build stronger customer relationships. Additionally, the rise of advanced software and technologies in vehicles has attracted new and disruptive entrants from outside the traditional automotive supply industry. These entrants may seek to gain access to certain vehicle technology and component markets. Any of these new competitors may develop and introduce technologies that gain greater customer or consumer acceptance, which could adversely affect the future growth of the Company. We believe companies with strong balance sheets and financial discipline are in the best position to take advantage of these trends. Consolidated Results of Operations Our total net sales during the year ended December 31, 2025 were $20.4 billion, an increase of approximately 3% compared to 2024. Our overall volumes increased 3%, with increased global automotive production of 4% (1% on an AWM basis) for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to 2024 production rates. Despite the global inflationary environment, our overall lean cost structure has enabled us to achieve strong levels of operating income, while continuing to strategically invest in the future. Aptiv typically experiences fluctuations in revenue due to changes in OEM production schedules, vehicle sales mix and the net of new and lost business (which we refer to collectively as volume), increased prices attributable to escalation clauses in our supply contracts for recovery of increased commodity costs (which we refer to as commodity pass-through), fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates (which we refer to as FX ), contractual reductions of the sales price to the OEM (which we refer to as contractual price reductions) and engineering changes. Changes in sales mix can have either favorable or unfavorable impacts on revenue. Such changes can be the result of shifts in regional growth, shifts in OEM sales demand, as well as shifts in consumer demand related to vehicle segment purchases and content penetration. For instance, a shift in sales demand favoring a particular OEM s vehicle model for which we do not have a supply contract may negatively impact our revenue. A shift in regional sales demand toward certain markets could favorably impact the sales of those of our customers that have a large market share in those regions, which in turn would be expected to have a favorable impact on our revenue. We typically experience (as described below) fluctuations in operating income due to: Volume, net of contractual price reductions changes in volume offset by contractual price reductions (which typically range from 1% to 3% of net sales) and changes in mix; Operational performance changes to costs for materials and commodities or manufacturing and engineering variances; and Other including restructuring costs and any remaining variances not included in Volume, net of contractual price reductions or Operational performance. The automotive technology and component supply industry is traditionally subject to inflationary pressures with respect to raw materials and labor which may place operational and profitability burdens on the entire supply chain. For instance, the industry has recently been subjected to increased pricing pressures, specifically in relation to copper and petroleum-based resin products, which have experienced significant volatility in price. We have also been impacted globally by increased overall inflation as a result of a variety of global trends. For example, the rapidly evolving trade policies and tariff actions could result in increased pricing pressures on our global supply chain, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. In addition, we expect semiconductor supply cost and commodity cost volatility to have a continual impact on future earnings and/or operating cash flows. Management continues to seek to mitigate both inflationary pressures and our material-related cost exposures using a number of approaches, including combining purchase requirements with customers and/or other suppliers, using alternate suppliers or product designs, negotiating cost reductions and/or commodity cost contract escalation clauses into our vehicle manufacturer supply contracts and hedging. We have also negotiated, and will continue to negotiate, price increases with our customers in response to the aforementioned increased overall inflation and global supply chain disruptions. 45 Table of Contents This section discusses our consolidated results of operations and results of operations by segment for the years ended December 31, 2025 versus 2024. A detailed discussion of our consolidated results of operations and results of operations by segment for the years ended December 31, 2024 versus 2023 can be found under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which was filed with the SEC on February 7, 2025. 2025 versus 2024 The results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Favorable/ (unfavorable) (dollars in millions) Net sales $ 20,398 $ 19,713 $ 685 Cost of sales 16,500 16,002 (498) Gross margin 3,898 19.1% 3,711 18.8% 187 Selling, general and administrative 1,673 1,465 (208) Amortization 208 211 3 Restructuring 185 193 8 Goodwill impairment 648 (648) Operating income 1,184 1,842 (658) Interest expense (361) (337) (24) Other income, net 50 41 9 Net gain on equity method transactions 46 605 (559) Income before income taxes and equity loss 919 2,151 (1,232) Income tax expense (700) (223) (477) Income before equity loss 219 1,928 (1,709) Equity loss, net of tax (38) (118) 80 Net income 181 1,810 (1,629) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 19 24 (5) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest (3) (1) (2) Net income attributable to Aptiv $ 165 $ 1,787 $ (1,622) Total Net Sales Below is a summary of our total net sales for the years ended December 31, 2025 versus 2024. Year Ended December 31, Variance Due To: 2025 2024 Favorable/ (unfavorable) Volume, net of contractual price reductions FX Commodity pass- through Other Total (in millions) (in millions) Total net sales $ 20,398 $ 19,713 $ 685 $ 466 $ 129 $ 90 $ $ 685 Total net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025 increased 3% compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. Our volumes increased 3% for the period, which primarily reflects volume growth in North America and Asia Pacific, partially offset by volume declines in Europe, compared to increased global automotive production of 4% (1% on an AWM basis). Our net sales also reflect the impact of contractual price reductions, net of price recoveries, of $47 million, and favorable foreign currency impacts, primarily related to the Euro. 46 Table of Contents Cost of Sales Cost of sales is primarily comprised of material, labor, manufacturing overhead, freight, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, product engineering, design and development expenses, depreciation, warranty costs and other operating expenses. Gross margin is revenue less cost of sales and gross margin percentage is gross margin as a percentage of net sales. Cost of sales increased $498 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, as summarized below. The Company s material cost of sales was approximately 50% of net sales for both the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. Year Ended December 31, Variance Due To: 2025 2024 Favorable/ (unfavorable) Volume (a) FX Operational performance Other Total (dollars in millions) (in millions) Cost of sales $ 16,500 $ 16,002 $ (498) $ (307) $ (257) $ 204 $ (138) $ (498) Gross margin $ 3,898 $ 3,711 $ 187 $ 159 $ (128) $ 204 $ (48) $ 187 Percentage of net sales 19.1 % 18.8 % (a) Presented net of contractual price reductions for gross margin variance. The increase in cost of sales reflects the impacts of improved operational performance, offset by increased volumes and currency exchange. Cost of sales was also impacted by the following items in Other above: $90 million of increased commodity pass-through costs; Approximately $15 million of increased depreciation; and Approximately $20 million of increased warranty costs. Selling, General and Administrative Expense Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Favorable/ (unfavorable) (dollars in millions) Selling, general and administrative expense $ 1,673 $ 1,465 $ (208) Percentage of net sales 8.2 % 7.4 % Selling, general and administrative expense ( SG A ) primarily includes administrative expenses, information technology costs, incentive compensation related costs, Separation, acquisition and project portfolio costs and selling and marketing expenses. SG A increased as a percentage of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to 2024, primarily due to $178 million of Separation costs, long-lived asset impairment charges of approximately $7 million and increased incentive compensation costs recorded during the year ended December 31, 2025. Amortization Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Favorable/ (unfavorable) (in millions) Amortization $ 208 $ 211 $ 3 Amortization expense reflects the non-cash charge related to definite-lived intangible assets. Amortization during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 reflects the continued amortization of our definite-lived intangible assets, which resulted primarily from our acquisitions, over their estimated useful lives. Refer to Note 20. Acquisitions and Divestitures to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein for further detail of our business acquisitions, including details of the intangible assets recorded in each transaction. In 2026, we expect to incur non-cash amortization charges of approximately $215 million. 47 Table of Contents Restructuring Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Favorable/ (unfavorable) (dollars in millions) Restructuring $ 185 $ 193 $ 8 Percentage of net sales 0.9 % 1.0 % The Company recorded employee-related and other restructuring charges totaling approximately $185 million during the year ended December 31, 2025, which included the recognition of approximately $37 million within the Electrical Distribution Systems segment for programs to downsize and close European manufacturing sites, approximately $25 million related to workforce optimization within the Advanced Safety and User Experience segment and approximately $15 million for a program initiated in the fourth quarter of 2024 focused on global salaried workforce optimization, primarily in the European region. We expect to make cash payments of approximately $110 million in 2026 pursuant to currently implemented restructuring programs. The Company recorded employee-related and other restructuring charges totaling approximately $193 million during the year ended December 31, 2024, which reflected programs to align manufacturing capacity with the current levels of automotive production in each region, and included the recognition of approximately $25 million and $57 million for programs initiated in the fourth quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively, focused on global salaried workforce optimization, primarily in the North American and European regions. We expect to continue to incur additional restructuring expense in 2026 and beyond, primarily related to programs focused on reducing global overhead costs, the continued rotation of our manufacturing footprint to best cost locations in Europe and aligning manufacturing capacity with the levels of automotive production, which includes approximately $75 million (of which approximately $40 million relates to the Electrical Distribution Systems segment, approximately $25 million relates to the Advanced Safety and User Experience segment and approximately $10 million relates to the Engineered Components Group segment) for approved programs within the next twelve months. Additionally, as we continue to operate in a cyclical industry that is impacted by movements in the global and regional economies, we continually evaluate opportunities to further adjust our cost structure and optimize our manufacturing footprint. The Company plans to implement additional restructuring activities in the future, if necessary, in order to align manufacturing capacity and other costs with prevailing regional automotive production levels and locations, to improve the efficiency and utilization of other locations and in order to increase investment in advanced technologies and engineering. Such future restructuring actions are dependent on market conditions, customer actions and other factors. Refer to Note 10. Restructuring to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information. Goodwill Impairment Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Favorable/ (unfavorable) (in millions) Goodwill impairment $ 648 $ $ (648) Goodwill impairment for the year ended December 31, 2025 reflects a non-cash, pre-tax goodwill impairment charge of approximately $648 million related to the Wind River reporting unit. Refer to Note 7. Intangible Assets and Goodwill to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information. Interest Expense Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Favorable/ (unfavorable) (in millions) Interest expense $ 361 $ 337 $ (24) 48 Table of Contents The increase in interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to 2024 primarily reflects the issuance of $1,650 million in aggregate principal amount of 2024 Senior Notes and $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 2024 Junior Notes in September 2024, partially offset by the redemption of the $700 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.396% senior unsecured notes (the 2.396% Senior Notes ) due 2025 in September 2024, the redemption of the 2015 Euro-denominated Senior Notes in December 2024, the full repayment of the $600 million Term Loan A in the fourth quarter of 2024 and first quarter of 2025 and the full repayment of our 450 million European accounts receivable factoring facility in the first half of 2025. Refer to Note 11. Debt to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information. Other Income, Net Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Favorable/ (unfavorable) (in millions) Other income, net $ 50 $ 41 $ 9 Other income, net for the year ended December 31, 2025 includes interest income of $60 million. The Company also recorded $26 million during the year ended December 31, 2025 related to the components of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost other than service costs, as further described in Note 12. Pension Benefits to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein. Other income, net for the year ended December 31, 2024 includes interest income of $87 million. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company also recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $15 million in conjunction with the repayment and termination of the Bridge Credit Agreement, the redemption of the 2.396% Senior Notes and the partial repayment on the Term Loan A, as further discussed in Note 11. Debt to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein. The Company also recorded $26 million during the year ended December 31, 2024 related to the components of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost other than service costs, as further described in Note 12. Pension Benefits to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein. Refer to Note 19. Other Income, Net to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information. Net Gain on Equity Method Transactions Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Favorable/ (unfavorable) (in millions) Net gain on equity method transactions $ 46 $ 605 $ (559) Net gain on equity method transactions for the year ended December 31, 2025 includes a gain of approximately $33 million recorded as a result of the Motional funding transaction completed in May 2025 and a gain of approximately $13 million from the closing of the sale of TTTech Auto AG ( TTTech Auto ) in June 2025. Net gain on equity method transactions for the year ended December 31, 2024 includes a gain of approximately $641 million recorded as a result of the Motional funding and ownership restructuring transactions completed in May 2024, partially offset by a non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge of approximately $36 million related to its equity method investment in TTTech Auto. Refer to Note 5. Investments in Affiliates to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information. 49 Table of Contents Income Taxes Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Favorable/ (unfavorable) (in millions) Income tax expense $ 700 $ 223 $ (477) The Company s tax rate is affected by the fact that its parent entity is a Swiss resident taxpayer, and was an Irish resident taxpayer prior to the December 2024 reorganization transaction, the tax rates in Switzerland, Ireland and other jurisdictions in which the Company operates, the relative amount of income earned by jurisdiction and the relative amount of losses or income for which no tax benefit or expense was recognized due to a valuation allowance. The Company s effective tax rate is also impacted by the receipt of certain tax incentives and holidays that reduce the effective tax rate for certain subsidiaries below the statutory rate. The Company s effective tax rate was 76% and 10% for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2025 includes net discrete tax expense of approximately $380 million primarily related to a change in valuation allowance on the Swiss tax incentive, as described below, tax accruals associated with the Separation of the Electrical Distribution Systems business and the tax impact of intercompany reorganizations, partially offset by changes in other valuation allowances. Also included as a discrete item in the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2025 is the unfavorable impact of approximately 32 points resulting from the Wind River non-cash goodwill impairment charge, as described further in Note 7. Intangible Assets and Goodwill to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein, which is non-deductible for tax purposes. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2024 includes discrete tax benefits primarily associated with intercompany reorganizations. Also included as a discrete item in the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2024 is the beneficial impact of approximately 4 points resulting from the Motional funding and ownership restructuring transactions, as described further in Note 5. Investments in Affiliates to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein. There was no tax expense associated with these gains as Aptiv s interest in Motional is exempt from capital gains tax in the jurisdiction in which it is owned. On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the OBBBA ) was enacted into law. The OBBBA includes changes to U.S. tax law that were applicable to Aptiv beginning in 2025, with additional provisions applying in subsequent years. Included in these changes are favorable adjustments to deductions for interest, qualified property, and research and development expenditures, as well as reforms to the international tax framework. The OBBBA will not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. On January 15, 2025, the OECD released Administrative Guidance (the Guidance) on Article 9.1 of the Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (the Model Rules ) which amends the Pillar Two Framework (the Framework ) previously adopted by the European Union (the E.U. ) Member States on December 15, 2022. Jurisdictions that have adopted the Framework, which generally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15%, as established by the OECD, may implement and administer their domestic laws consistent with the Model Rules and Guidance. The Guidance eliminates the tax basis in certain deferred tax assets including tax credit carryforwards for purposes of the global minimum tax established under the Framework. As a result, the Company no longer expects to obtain significant benefits from the tax incentive granted to its Swiss subsidiary in 2023, as described below. Accordingly, the Company recognized an increase to valuation allowances of $294 million to reduce the related deferred tax asset during the year ended December 31, 2025. No other deferred tax assets are impacted by the Guidance. On December 18, 2025, the Swiss Council of States passed a motion preventing the retroactive application of the OECD s 2025 Guidance on the Model Rules. While this development has no immediate impact on Aptiv s tax position, we will continue to monitor potential implications for the recoverability of our Swiss deferred tax assets associated with our Swiss tax incentive. In response to the Framework, during the second half of 2023, the Company initiated changes to its corporate entity structure, including intercompany transfers of certain intellectual property to one of its subsidiaries in Switzerland. Furthermore, during the third quarter of 2023, the Company s Swiss subsidiary was granted a ten-year tax incentive, beginning in 2024. The measurement of certain deferred tax assets and associated income tax benefits resulting from these transactions was impacted by tax legislation in Switzerland enacted in the fourth quarter of 2023, which increased the statutory income tax rate, resulting in additional deferred tax benefit impacts, net of valuation allowances. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the total income tax benefit recorded as a result of the intercompany transfers of intellectual property and tax incentive, all as described above, combined with other related additional current year tax expense as a result of the transactions, was approximately $2,080 million. 50 Table of Contents The Company has proactively responded to these tax policy changes, as described above, and will continue to closely monitor developments. Our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2025 includes an unfavorable impact from the enacted Framework. Refer to Note 14. Income Taxes to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information. Equity Loss Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Favorable/ (unfavorable) (in millions) Equity loss, net of tax $ 38 $ 118 $ 80 Equity loss, net of tax reflects the Company s interest in the results of ongoing operations of entities accounted for as equity method investments. The decrease in equity losses recognized by Aptiv during the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to 2024 is primarily attributable to the decrease in Aptiv s common equity interest in Motional from 50% to approximately 13% as a result of the Motional funding and ownership restructuring transactions that were completed in May 2024 and May 2025. Refer to Note 5. Investments in Affiliates to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information. Results of Operations by Segment In connection with the Separation, as further described in Note 26. Separation of Electrical Distribution Systems to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein, in the first quarter of 2025, Aptiv realigned its business into three reportable operating segments: Advanced Safety and User Experience, which includes platforms and modular offerings, such as intelligent sensors, high-performance compute, and advance software tools and services. Engineered Components Group, which includes connection systems, high-performance interconnects, and cable management and protection solutions that optimize the distribution of power, signal and data for next-generation applications across multiple end markets. Electrical Distribution Systems, which includes a full range of low voltage and high voltage power, signal and data distribution solutions needed to deliver fully integrated, cost-optimized architectures. As described in Note 26. Separation of Electrical Distribution Systems, the Company is pursuing a separation of the Electrical Distribution Systems business into a new, independent publicly traded company, through a transaction expected to be treated as a tax-free spin-off to its shareholders. Eliminations and Other, which includes i) the elimination of inter-segment transactions, and ii) certain other expenses and income of a non-operating or strategic nature. Prior period amounts were adjusted retrospectively to reflect the change in reportable operating segments, consistent with the current year presentation, throughout the audited consolidated financial statements contained herein. Generally, Aptiv evaluates segment performance based on stand-alone segment net income before interest expense, other income (expense), net, income tax (expense) benefit, equity income (loss), net of tax, amortization, restructuring, Separation costs related to the planned spin-off of the Electrical Distribution Systems business, other acquisition and portfolio project costs (which includes costs incurred to integrate acquired businesses and to plan and execute product portfolio transformation actions, including business and product acquisitions and divestitures), goodwill and other asset impairments, compensation expense related to acquisitions and gains (losses) on business divestitures and other transactions ( Adjusted Operating Income ). Our management utilizes Adjusted Operating Income as the key performance measure of segment income or loss to evaluate segment performance, and for planning and forecasting purposes to allocate resources to the segments, as management believes this measure is most reflective of the operational profitability or loss of our operating segments. Segment Adjusted Operating Income should not be considered a substitute for results prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be considered an alternative to net income attributable to Aptiv, which is the most directly comparable financial measure to Adjusted Operating Income that is prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Segment Adjusted Operating Income, as determined and measured by Aptiv, should also not be compared to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 51 Table of Contents Refer to Note 22. Segment Reporting to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information. Net sales, gross margin as a percentage of net sales and Adjusted Operating Income by segment for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows: Net Sales by Segment Year Ended December 31, Variance Due To: 2025 2024 Favorable/ (unfavorable) Volume, net of contractual price reductions FX Commodity Pass-through Other Total (in millions) (in millions) Advanced Safety and User Experience $ 5,792 $ 5,791 $ 1 $ (21) $ 22 $ $ $ 1 Engineered Components Group 6,662 6,384 278 213 61 4 278 Electrical Distribution Systems 8,818 8,309 509 373 52 84 509 Eliminations and Other (874) (771) (103) (99) (6) 2 (103) Total $ 20,398 $ 19,713 $ 685 $ 466 $ 129 $ 90 $ $ 685 Gross Margin Percentage by Segment Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Advanced Safety and User Experience 18.7 % 19.0 % Engineered Components Group 26.0 % 25.6 % Electrical Distribution Systems 12.2 % 11.7 % Total 19.1 % 18.8 % Adjusted Operating Income by Segment Year Ended December 31, Variance Due To: 2025 2024 Favorable/ (unfavorable) Volume, net of contractual price reductions Operational performance Other Total (in millions) (in millions) Advanced Safety and User Experience $ 658 $ 714 $ (56) $ 28 $ 41 $ (125) $ (56) Engineered Components Group $ 1,129 $ 1,073 $ 56 $ 55 $ 82 $ (81) $ 56 Electrical Distribution Systems $ 674 $ 579 $ 95 $ 76 $ 81 $ (62) $ 95 As noted in the table above, Adjusted Operating Income for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024 was impacted by operational performance, volume, including product mix, as well as the impacts of contractual price reductions, net of price recoveries, of $47 million. Adjusted Operating Income was also impacted by the following items included within Other in the table above: $143 million of unfavorable foreign currency impacts, primarily related to the Mexican Peso; Approximately $75 million of increased SG A expense, including increased incentive compensation costs, excluding the impact of Separation costs and other acquisition and portfolio project costs; Approximately $30 million of increased depreciation, primarily as a result of a higher fixed asset base; and $20 million of increased warranty costs. 52 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources Overview of Capital Structure Our liquidity requirements are primarily to fund our business operations, including capital expenditures and working capital requirements, as well as to fund debt service requirements, operational restructuring and Separation activities. Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, our existing cash balance, and as necessary and available, borrowings under credit facilities and issuance of long-term debt and equity. To the extent we generate discretionary cash flow we may consider using this additional cash flow for optional prepayments of existing indebtedness, strategic acquisitions or investments, additional share repurchases and/or general corporate purposes. We also continually explore ways to enhance our capital structure. As of December 31, 2025, we had cash and cash equivalents of $1.9 billion and net debt (defined as outstanding debt less cash and cash equivalents) of $5.7 billion. We also have access to additional liquidity pursuant to the terms of the $2.0 billion Revolving Credit Facility and the committed European accounts receivable factoring facility, as described below. The following table summarizes our available liquidity, which includes cash, cash equivalents and funds available under our significant committed credit facilities, as of December 31, 2025. December 31, 2025 (in millions) Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,851 Revolving Credit Facility, unutilized portion (1) 1,998 Committed European accounts receivable factoring facility, unutilized portion (2) 529 Total available liquidity $ 4,378 (1) Availability reduced by $2 million in letters of credit issued under the Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2025. (2) Based on December 31, 2025 foreign currency rates, subject to the availability of eligible accounts receivable. We expect existing cash, available liquidity and cash flows from operations to continue to be sufficient to fund our global operating activities, including restructuring payments, capital expenditures, debt obligations and Separation activities. In addition, we expect to continue to repurchase outstanding ordinary shares pursuant to our authorized ordinary share repurchase program, as further described below. We also continue to expect to be able to move funds between different countries to manage our global liquidity needs without material adverse tax implications, subject to current monetary policies. We utilize a combination of strategies, including dividends, cash pooling arrangements, intercompany loan repayments and other distributions and advances to provide the funds necessary to meet our global liquidity needs. There are no significant restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to Aptiv. As of December 31, 2025, the Company s cash and cash equivalents held by our non-U.S. subsidiaries totaled approximately $1.8 billion. If additional non-U.S. cash was needed for our U.S. operations, we may be required to accrue and pay withholding if we were to distribute such funds from non-U.S. subsidiaries to the U.S.; however, based on our current liquidity needs and strategies, we do not anticipate a need to accrue and pay such additional amounts. Based on these factors, we believe we possess sufficient liquidity to fund our global operations and capital investments in 2026 and beyond. Share Repurchase Programs In July 2024, the Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to $5.0 billion of ordinary shares, which commenced in August 2024 following completion of the Company s $2.0 billion January 2019 share repurchase program. This share repurchase program provides for share purchases in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions (which may include derivative transactions, including an accelerated share repurchase program ( ASR )), depending on share price, market conditions and other factors, as determined by the Company. As part of the Company s share repurchase program, on August 1, 2024, the Company entered into ASR agreements with each of Goldman Sachs International and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. to repurchase an aggregate of $3.0 billion of Aptiv s ordinary shares (the ASR Agreements ). Under the terms of the ASR Agreements, on August 2, 2024, the Company made an aggregate payment of $3.0 billion (the Repurchase Price ) and received initial deliveries of approximately 30.8 million ordinary shares with a value of $2.25 billion, which were retired immediately and recorded as a reduction to shareholders equity. Aptiv incurred approximately $4 53 Table of Contents million of direct costs in connection with the ASR Agreements. Given the Company s ability to settle in shares, the remaining $750 million prepaid forward contract was classified as a reduction to additional paid-in capital as of December 31, 2024. The Company initially funded the accelerated share repurchase program with cash on hand and borrowings under the Bridge Credit Agreement. The Bridge Credit Agreement was subsequently repaid and terminated during the third quarter of 2024 using proceeds from the Term Loan A and issuance of the 2024 Senior Notes and 2024 Junior Notes, as further described in Note 11. Debt to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein. During the year ended December 31, 2025, upon final settlements under the ASR Agreements, Aptiv received incremental deliveries of approximately 17.7 million ordinary shares. All shares delivered to Aptiv under the ASR Agreements were retired immediately. Under the ASR Agreements, the Company received total deliveries of approximately 48.5 million ordinary shares at an average price of $61.84 per share, based on the daily volume-weighted average price of our ordinary shares on specified dates during the terms of the ASR Agreements, less a discount and subject to adjustments pursuant to the terms and conditions of the ASR Agreements. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company also repurchased approximately 5.1 million of our outstanding ordinary shares for $400 million in the open market. During the year ended December 31, 2024, in addition to the initial shares received under the ASR program, we repurchased approximately 13.6 million of our outstanding ordinary shares for $1,100 million in the open market. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we repurchased approximately 4.7 million of our outstanding ordinary shares for $398 million in the open market. As of December 31, 2025, approximately $2,115 million of share repurchases remained available under the July 2024 share repurchase program. All previously repurchased shares were retired and are reflected as a reduction of ordinary share capital for the par value of the shares, with the excess applied as reductions to additional paid-in-capital and retained earnings. Dividends from Equity Investments During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, Aptiv received dividends of $20 million, $12 million and $5 million, respectively, from its equity method investments. The dividends were recognized as a reduction to the investment and represented a return on investment included in cash flows from operating activities. Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Transactions In April 2025, one of Aptiv s wholly-owned subsidiaries completed the sale of certain assets (net of certain liabilities) that were previously reported within the Advanced Safety and User Experience segment for net cash proceeds of approximately $4 million. As a result of the sale, the Company recognized a pre-tax gain of approximately $5 million during the year ended December 31, 2025, within cost of sales in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company had no other business acquisitions or divestitures during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. H hle Ltd. On April 3, 2023, Aptiv acquired 100% of the equity interests of H hle Ltd. ( H hle ), a manufacturer of microducts, for total consideration of $42 million. The results of operations of H hle are reported within the Engineered Components Group segment from the date of acquisition. The Company acquired H hle utilizing cash on hand. Sale of Interest in Majority Owned Russian Subsidiary Given the sanctions put in place by the E.U., U.S. and other governments, which restrict our ability to conduct business in Russia, we initiated a plan in the second quarter of 2022 to exit our 51% owned subsidiary in Russia. As a result, the Company determined that this subsidiary, which was reported within the Electrical Distribution Systems segment, initially met the held for sale criteria as of June 30, 2022. Consequently, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a pre-tax charge of $51 million to impair the carrying value of the Russian subsidiary s net assets to fair value. On May 30, 2023, the Company completed the sale of its entire interest in the Russian subsidiary to JSC Samara Cables Company, the sole minority shareholder in the Russian subsidiary, for a nominal amount in exchange for all of the Company s shares in the subsidiary. As a result of this transaction, the net assets held for sale of the Russian subsidiary were deconsolidated from the Company s consolidated financial statements and the Company did not record any incremental gain or loss resulting from this disposition. Furthermore, losses relating to the Russian subsidiary during the held for sale period were de minimis. The former Russian subsidiary is not considered to be a related party of the Company after deconsolidation. Investment in StradVision, Inc. On October 20, 2025, Aptiv entered into an agreement with StradVision, Inc. ( StradVision ), a provider of deep learning-based camera perception software for automotive applications, to convert the Company s existing preferred shares in StradVision into common shares (the Conversion ), resulting in a common equity interest of approximately 41% in StradVision. Aptiv previously made KRW-denominated investments in StradVision totaling approximately $40 million in the first half of 2025 and approximately $108 million in prior years (using foreign currency rates on the date of the respective investments). 54 Table of Contents Prior to the Conversion, due to the Company s redemption rights, the Company s investment in StradVision was classified as an available-for-sale debt security within other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets, with changes in fair value recorded in other comprehensive income. The fair value of the available-for-sale debt security on the Conversion date was approximately $149 million. Following the Conversion, Aptiv began accounting for its investment in StradVision under the equity method. The investment was reclassified to investments in affiliates in the consolidated balance sheets and is included in the Advanced Safety and User Experience segment. Motional Joint Venture Funding and Ownership Restructuring Transactions On April 19, 2024, Aptiv and Hyundai Motor Group ( Hyundai ) entered into an agreement to restructure Aptiv s ownership interest in Motional and for Hyundai to provide additional funding to Motional, each as described below. Prior to these transactions, Motional was 50% owned by each of Aptiv and Hyundai. As part of the agreement, on May 2, 2024, Hyundai invested $475 million in Motional in exchange for additional common equity interests. Aptiv did not participate in this funding round. This transaction resulted in the dilution of Aptiv s common equity interest in Motional from 50% to approximately 44%, prior to the completion of any further transactions as described below. As these units were issued at a valuation greater than the carrying value of our investment in Motional, the Company recognized a gain of approximately $91 million during the year ended December 31, 2024, within net gain on equity method transactions in the consolidated statements of operations. Also as part of the agreement, on May 16, 2024, Aptiv sold 11% of its common equity interest in Motional to Hyundai for approximately $448 million of cash consideration. Aptiv also exchanged approximately 21% of its common equity in Motional for a like number of Motional preferred shares. These transactions resulted in the reduction of Aptiv s common equity interest in Motional from approximately 44% to approximately 15%. As a result of these transactions, the Company recognized a gain of approximately $550 million during the year ended December 31, 2024, within net gain on equity method transactions in the consolidated statements of operations. The total gain recorded as a result of the Motional funding and ownership restructuring transactions completed in May 2024, all as described above, was approximately $641 million (approximately $2.50 per diluted share) for the year ended December 31, 2024. On May 30, 2025, Hyundai invested approximately $440 million in Motional in exchange for additional common equity interests. Aptiv did not participate in this funding round. This transaction resulted in the dilution of Aptiv s common equity interest in Motional from approximately 15% as of March 31, 2025 to approximately 13% as of December 31, 2025. As a result of this transaction, the Company recognized a gain of approximately $33 million (approximately $0.15 per diluted share) during the year ended December 31, 2025, within net gain on equity method transactions in the consolidated statements of operations. Investment in TTTech Auto AG On March 15, 2022, Aptiv acquired approximately 20% of the equity interests of TTTech Auto, a leading provider of safety-critical middleware solutions for advanced driver-assistance systems and autonomous driving applications, for 200 million (approximately $220 million, using foreign currency rates on the investment date). In 2024, the shareholders of TTTech Auto entered into an agreement for the sale of 100% of TTTech Auto to an unrelated third party, and as a result, the Company determined there was an other-than-temporary impairment to its equity method investment in TTTech Auto in the fourth quarter of 2024 based on the anticipated acquisition value of TTTech Auto. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company s equity investment in TTTech Auto was written down to its estimated fair value of $147 million, resulting in a non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge of approximately $36 million within net gain on equity method transactions in the consolidated statements of operations. The impairment was based on the fair value of the investment at the balance sheet date. The fair value was determined based on the contractual sales price of TTTech Auto pursuant to the executed purchase and sale agreement. Contractual sales prices are considered observable inputs other than quoted prices, and are therefore classified as a Level 2 measurement. The sale of TTTech Auto closed in June 2025, resulting in net cash proceeds to Aptiv of $164 million. As a result of the sale, the Company recognized a gain of approximately $13 million during the year ended December 31, 2025, within net gain on equity method transactions in the consolidated statements of operations, which includes accumulated currency translation adjustment impacts of $6 million. Following completion of the sale, Aptiv no longer holds an equity interest in TTTech Auto and accordingly reduced the carrying value of the investment to zero in the consolidated balance sheet. Technology Investments During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company sold its Valens Semiconductor Ltd. ordinary shares for net proceeds of approximately $6 million and its Smart Eye AB ordinary shares for net proceeds of approximately $6 million. In September 2024, the Company s Advanced Safety and User Experience segment made an investment totaling approximately 399 million Chinese Yuan Renminbi ( RMB ) (approximately $57 million, using foreign currency rates on the 55 Table of Contents investment date) in preferred equity of MAXIEYE Automotive Technology (Ningbo) Co., Ltd. ( Maxieye ), a provider of advanced driver-assistance systems and autonomous driving applications. Due to the Company s redemption rights, the Company s investment in Maxieye is classified as an available-for-sale debt security within other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets, with changes in fair value recorded in other comprehensive income. The Company also agreed to invest an additional 171 million RMB (approximately $24 million, using December 31, 2025 foreign currency rates) in preferred equity of Maxieye, contingent on the achievement of certain technical milestones, which have not yet been met as of December 31, 2025, and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. Refer to Note 5. Investments in Affiliates to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein for further detail of the Company s investments. Credit Agreement Aptiv PLC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries Aptiv LLC (formerly known as Aptiv Corporation) and Aptiv Global Financing Designated Activity Company ( AGF DAC ) entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ) with, among others, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), under which it maintains a senior unsecured credit facility currently consisting of a revolving credit facility of $2 billion (the Revolving Credit Facility ). AGF DAC and Aptiv LLC are each borrowers under the Credit Agreement, under which such borrowings would be guaranteed by each of the other borrowers, Aptiv PLC and Aptiv Swiss Holdings. The Credit Agreement was entered into in March 2011 and has been subsequently amended and restated on several occasions, most recently on March 31, 2025 (the March 2025 amendment ). The March 2025 amendment, among other things, (1) refinanced and replaced the revolver with a new five-year revolving credit facility with aggregate commitments of $2 billion, and (2) removed provisions from the June 2021 amendment for sustainability-linked rate adjustments. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on March 31, 2030. The Credit Agreement also contains an uncommitted accordion feature that permits Aptiv to increase, from time to time, on customary terms and conditions, the aggregate borrowing capacity under the Credit Agreement by up to an additional $1 billion upon Aptiv s request, the agreement of the lenders participating in the increase, and the approval of the Administrative Agent. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are revolving in nature and may be made and prepaid from time to time at Aptiv s option without premium or penalty, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement. The March 2025 amendment also required that Aptiv pay amendment fees of $5 million during the year ended December 31, 2025, which are reflected as a financing activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows. As of December 31, 2025, Aptiv had no amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and approximately $2 million in letters of credit were issued under the Credit Agreement. Letters of credit issued under the Credit Agreement reduce availability under the Revolving Credit Facility. Loans under the Credit Agreement bear interest, at Aptiv s option, at either (a) the Administrative Agent s Alternate Base Rate ( ABR as defined in the Credit Agreement) or (b) SOFR plus in either case a percentage per annum as set forth in the table below (the Applicable Rate ). The rates under the Credit Agreement on the specified dates are set forth below: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 SOFR plus ABR plus SOFR plus ABR plus Revolving Credit Facility 1.125 % 0.125 % 1.06 % 0.06 % The Applicable Rate under the Credit Agreement, as well as the facility fee, may increase or decrease from time to time based on changes in the Company s credit ratings. Accordingly, the interest rate is subject to fluctuation during the term of the Credit Agreement based on changes in the ABR, SOFR and changes in the Company s corporate credit ratings. The Credit Agreement also requires that Aptiv pay certain facility fees on the Revolving Credit Facility, which are also subject to adjustment based on certain letter of credit issuance and fronting fees. The Credit Agreement contains certain covenants that limit, among other things, the Company s (and the Company s subsidiaries ) ability to incur certain additional indebtedness or liens or to dispose of substantially all of its assets. In addition, the Credit Agreement requires that the Company maintain a consolidated leverage ratio (the ratio of Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated EBITDA, each as defined in the Credit Agreement) of not more than 3.5 to 1.0 (or 4.0 to 1.0 for four full fiscal quarters following completion of material acquisitions, as defined in the Credit Agreement). The Credit Agreement also contains events of default customary for financings of this type. The Company was in compliance with the Credit Agreement covenants as of December 31, 2025. Term Loan A Credit Agreement On August 19, 2024, Aptiv PLC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries AGF DAC and Aptiv LLC entered into a senior unsecured term loan A credit agreement (the Term Loan A Credit Agreement ) with, among others, JPMorgan Chase Bank, 56 Table of Contents N.A., as Administrative Agent, under which it maintained a senior unsecured credit facility consisting of a term loan (the Term Loan A ) in aggregate principal amount of $600 million. Aptiv incurred approximately $2 million of issuance costs in connection with the Term Loan A. As described above, proceeds from the Term Loan A were used to repay a portion of the loans incurred under the Bridge Credit Agreement during the three months ended September 30, 2024. This transaction was accounted for as a modification of debt in accordance with ASC Topic 470-50, Debt Modifications and Extinguishments . Accordingly, a pro-rata portion of the unamortized fees from the Bridge Credit Agreement in the amount of $4 million was transferred to the Term Loan A and, together with the $2 million of direct issuance costs referenced above, were amortized to interest expense over the term of the Term Loan A. During the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company repaid $350 million of the outstanding principal balance on the Term Loan A, utilizing cash on hand. During the first quarter of 2025, the Company fully repaid the remaining outstanding principal balance of $250 million on the Term Loan A utilizing cash on hand, and recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of approximately $2 million during the year ended December 31, 2025 within other income, net in the consolidated statements of operations. The Term Loan A had a maturity date of August 19, 2027. Prior to its repayment, borrowings under the Term Loan A Credit Agreement were prepayable at Aptiv s option without premium or penalty. No principal payment was required until the maturity date. Loans under the Term Loan A Credit Agreement bore interest, at Aptiv s option, at either (a) ABR or (b) SOFR plus in either case a percentage per annum as set forth in the table below (the Term Loan Applicable Rate ). The rates under the Term Loan A Credit Agreement on the specified dates are set forth below: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 SOFR plus ABR plus SOFR plus ABR plus Term Loan A N/A N/A 1.250 % 0.250 % Spin-off Financing Versigent Limited ( Versigent ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Aptiv, was formed in connection with the Separation as a holding company to directly or indirectly own substantially all of the operating subsidiaries of the Electrical Distribution Systems business and to issue debt. Cyprium Corporation ( Cyprium U.S. ), a wholly owned U.S. subsidiary of the Company, and Cyprium Holdings Luxembourg S.a.r.l. ( Cyprium Luxembourg ), a wholly owned Luxembourg subsidiary of the Company, both of which will become wholly owned subsidiaries of Versigent upon completion of the Separation, were also formed for the same purposes. Spin-off Credit Agreement In November 2025, Versigent, Cyprium U.S. and Cyprium Luxembourg entered into a credit agreement (the Spin-Off Credit Agreement ) with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, with respect to $1.35 billion in senior secured credit facilities. The Credit Agreement consists of a senior secured five-year $500 million term loan facility (the Spin-Off Term Loan A Facility ) and an $850 million five-year senior secured revolving credit facility (the Spin-Off Revolving Credit Facility ) (collectively, the Spin-Off Credit Facilities ) with the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The Spin-Off Credit Facilities are expected to become available to Versigent no later than the date of the Separation, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions customary for financings of this type. Accordingly, no amounts were drawn or available to be drawn under the Spin-Off Credit Facilities as of December 31, 2025. Cyprium U.S. and Cyprium Luxembourg are each borrowers under the Spin-Off Credit Agreement, under which such borrowings would be guaranteed by Versigent and certain of its subsidiaries. Additional subsidiaries of Versigent may be added as co-borrowers or guarantors under the Spin-Off Credit Agreement from time to time on the terms and conditions set forth in the Spin-Off Credit Agreement. The obligations of each borrower under the Spin-Off Credit Agreement will be jointly and severally guaranteed by each other borrower and by certain of Versigent s existing and future direct and indirect subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions customary for financings of this type. All obligations of the borrowers and the guarantors will be secured by certain assets of such borrowers and guarantors, including a perfected first-priority pledge of all of the capital stock in Cyprium U.S. and Cyprium Luxembourg. 57 Table of Contents Senior and Junior Unsecured Notes As of December 31, 2025, the Company had the following senior and junior unsecured notes issued and outstanding: Aggregate Principal Amount (in millions) Stated Coupon Rate Issuance Date Maturity Date Interest Payment Date $ 587 1.60% September 2016 September 2028 September 15 $ 266 4.35% March 2019 March 2029 March 15 and September 15 $ 401 4.65% September 2024 September 2029 March 13 and September 13 $ 717 3.25% February 2022 March 2032 March 1 and September 1 $ 516 5.15% September 2024 September 2034 March 13 and September 13 $ 880 4.25% June 2024 June 2036 June 11 $ 300 4.40% September 2016 October 2046 April 1 and October 1 $ 350 5.40% March 2019 March 2049 March 15 and September 15 $ 1,500 3.10% November 2021 December 2051 June 1 and December 1 $ 1,000 4.15% February 2022 May 2052 May 1 and November 1 $ 550 5.75% September 2024 September 2054 March 13 and September 13 $ 500 6.875% (1) September 2024 December 2054 June 15 and December 15 (1) Represents fixed-to-fixed reset rate junior subordinated unsecured notes. In 2025, Aptiv redeemed $300 million aggregate principal amount of certain senior notes for cash consideration of $298 million, and recognized a net gain on debt extinguishment of approximately $1 million during the year ended December 31, 2025 within other income, net in the consolidated statements of operations. Although the specific terms of each indenture governing each series of senior and junior notes vary, the senior indentures contain certain restrictive covenants, including with respect to Aptiv s (and Aptiv s subsidiaries ) ability to incur liens, enter into sale and leaseback transactions and merge with or into other entities. As of December 31, 2025, the Company was in compliance with the provisions of all series of the outstanding senior and junior notes. Refer to Note 11. Debt to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information. Guarantor Summarized Financial Information As further described in Note 11. Debt to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein, Aptiv LLC and AGF DAC are each borrowers under the Credit Agreement, under which such borrowings would be guaranteed by each of the other borrowers, Aptiv PLC and Aptiv Swiss Holdings. Old Aptiv issued the 2016 Euro-denominated Senior Notes, 2016 Senior Notes, 2019 Senior Notes and 2021 Senior Notes. In February 2022, Aptiv LLC and AGF DAC were added as guarantors on each series of outstanding senior notes previously issued by Old Aptiv. AGF DAC was added as a joint and several co-issuer of the 2021 Senior Notes in December 2021, effective as of the date of issuance. Old Aptiv and Aptiv LLC jointly issued the 2022 Senior Notes, which are guaranteed by AGF DAC. In 2024, Old Aptiv and AGF DAC co-issued the 2024 Euro-denominated Senior Notes, the 2024 Senior Notes, and the 2024 Junior Notes, which are all guaranteed by Aptiv LLC. In December 2024, in connection with the merger of Old Aptiv with and into Aptiv Swiss Holdings, with respect to each series of outstanding senior and junior notes previously issued by Old Aptiv, Aptiv Swiss Holdings succeeded to Old Aptiv as obligor, and Aptiv PLC was added as a guarantor. Together, Aptiv PLC, Aptiv LLC, AGF DAC and Aptiv Swiss Holdings comprise the Obligor Group. All other consolidated direct and indirect subsidiaries of Aptiv PLC are not subject to any guarantee under any series of notes outstanding (the Non-Guarantors ). The guarantees rank equally in right of payment with all of the guarantors existing and future senior indebtedness, are effectively subordinated to any of their existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness and are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness of each of their existing and future subsidiaries that is not a guarantor. The below summarized financial information is presented on a combined basis after the elimination of intercompany balances and transactions among the Obligor Group and equity in earnings from and investments in the Non-Guarantors. The below summarized financial information should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements included herein, as the financial information may not necessarily be indicative of results of operations or financial position had the subsidiaries operated as independent entities. 58 Table of Contents Obligor Group Year Ended December 31, 2025 (in millions) Net sales $ Gross margin $ Operating loss $ (399) Net loss $ (595) Net loss attributable to Aptiv $ (595) As of December 31, 2025 Current assets (1) $ 5,827 Long-term assets (1) $ 840 Current liabilities (2) $ 5,673 Long-term liabilities (2) $ 7,687 Noncontrolling interest $ As of December 31, 2024 Current assets (1) $ 6,969 Long-term assets (1) $ 692 Current liabilities (2) $ 5,683 Long-term liabilities (2) $ 8,126 Noncontrolling interest $ (1) Includes current assets of $4,858 million and $6,212 million, and long-term assets of $770 million and $687 million, due from Non-Guarantors as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. (2) Includes current liabilities of $5,577 million and $5,481 million, and long-term liabilities of $226 million and $226 million, due to Non-Guarantors as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Other Financing Receivable factoring Aptiv maintains a 450 million European accounts receivable factoring facility that is available on a committed basis and allows for factoring of receivables denominated in both Euros and U.S. dollars ( USD ). This facility is accounted for as short-term debt and borrowings are subject to the availability of eligible accounts receivable. Collateral is not required related to these trade accounts receivable. This facility became effective on January 1, 2021 and had an initial term of three years, and was renewed for an additional three-year term, effective November 2023, subject to Aptiv s right to terminate at any time with three months notice. After expiration of the new three-year term, either party can terminate with three months notice. Borrowings denominated in Euros under the facility bear interest at the three-month Euro Interbank Offered Rate ( EURIBOR ) plus 0.50% and USD borrowings bear interest at two-month SOFR plus 0.68%, with borrowings under either denomination carrying a minimum interest rate of 0.20%. As of December 31, 2025, Aptiv had no amounts outstanding under the European accounts receivable factoring facility. As of December 31, 2024, Aptiv had approximately $450 million outstanding under the European accounts receivable factoring facility. The maximum amount drawn under the European accounts receivable factoring facility during the year ended December 31, 2025 was $450 million, primarily to manage intra-month working capital requirements. Finance leases and other As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, approximately $86 million and $64 million, respectively, of other debt primarily issued by certain non-U.S. subsidiaries and finance lease obligations were outstanding. Letter of credit facilities In addition to the letters of credit issued under the Credit Agreement, Aptiv had approximately $3 million and $4 million outstanding through other letter of credit facilities as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, primarily to support arrangements and other obligations at certain of its subsidiaries. 59 Table of Contents Contractual Commitments The following table summarizes our expected cash outflows resulting from financial contracts and commitments as of December 31, 2025, with amounts denominated in foreign currencies translated using foreign currency rates as of December 31, 2025. We have not included information on our recurring purchases of materials for use in our manufacturing operations. These amounts are generally consistent from year to year, closely reflect our levels of production, and are not long-term in nature. The amounts below exclude the gross liability for uncertain tax positions of $246 million as of December 31, 2025. We do not expect a significant payment related to these obligations to be made within the next twelve months. We are not able to provide a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of future payments relating to the non-current portion of obligations associated with uncertain tax positions. For more information, refer to Note 14. Income Taxes to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein. Payments due by Period Total 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Thereafter (in millions) Debt and finance lease obligations (excluding interest) $ 7,653 $ 81 $ 590 $ 668 $ 6,314 Estimated interest costs related to debt and finance lease obligations 5,822 316 628 566 4,312 Operating lease obligations 602 160 231 108 103 Contractual commitments for capital expenditures 183 182 1 Other contractual purchase commitments, including information technology 662 242 249 108 63 Total $ 14,922 $ 981 $ 1,699 $ 1,450 $ 10,792 In addition to the obligations discussed above, certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries sponsor defined benefit pension plans, some of which are funded. We have minimum funding requirements with respect to certain of our pension obligations and may periodically elect to make discretionary contributions to the plans in support of risk management initiatives. We will also have payments due with respect to our other postretirement benefit obligations. We do not fund our other postretirement benefit obligations and payments are made as costs are incurred by covered retirees. Refer to Note 12. Pension Benefits to the audited consolidated financial statements included herein for additional detail regarding our expected contributions to our pension plans and expected distributions to participants in future periods. Capital Expenditures Supplier selection in the automotive industry is generally finalized several years prior to the start of production of the vehicle. Therefore, current capital expenditures are based on customer commitments entered into previously, generally several years ago when the customer contract was awarded. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $183 million in outstanding cancellable and non-cancellable capital commitments. Capital expenditures by operating segment and geographic region for the periods presented were: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Advanced Safety and User Experience $ 157 $ 201 $ 207 Engineered Components Group 314 368 423 Electrical Distribution Systems 160 212 216 Other (1) 25 49 60 Total capital expenditures $ 656 $ 830 $ 906 North America $ 209 $ 299 $ 355 Europe, Middle East Africa 235 295 288 Asia Pacific 200 226 252 South America 12 10 11 Total capital expenditures $ 656 $ 830 $ 906 (1) Other includes capital expenditures attributable to corporate administrative and support functions, including corporate headquarters and certain technical centers. 60 Table of Contents Cash Flows Intra-month cash flow cycles vary by region, but in general we are users of cash through the first half of a typical month and we generate cash during the latter half of a typical month. Due to this cycle of cash flows, we may utilize short-term financing, including our Revolving Credit Facility and European accounts receivable factoring facility, to manage our intra-month working capital needs. Our cash balance typically peaks at month end. We utilize a combination of strategies, including dividends, cash pooling arrangements, intercompany loan structures and other distributions and advances to provide the funds necessary to meet our global liquidity needs. We utilize a global cash pooling arrangement to consolidate and manage our global cash balances, which enables us to efficiently move cash into and out of a number of the countries in which we operate. Operating activities Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $2,185 million and $2,446 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Cash flows provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 consisted primarily of net earnings of $181 million, increased by $1,037 million for non-cash charges for depreciation, amortization, pension costs and extinguishment of debt, $648 million for non-cash goodwill impairment charges and $394 million for non-cash changes in deferred income taxes, partially offset by $233 million related to changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of restructuring and pension contributions and $46 million for non-cash net gains on equity method transactions. Cash flows provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2024 consisted primarily of net earnings of $1,810 million, increased by $1,023 million for non-cash charges for depreciation, amortization, pension costs and extinguishment of debt, partially offset by $605 million for non-cash net gains on equity method transactions and $16 million related to changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of restructuring and pension contributions. Investing activities Net cash used in investing activities total