=== CHD_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors. DISTRIBUTION OF OUR PRODUCTS Our Consumer Domestic and Consumer International segments products are marketed primarily through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar and other discount stores, pet and other specialty stores, and websites and other e-commerce channels, all of which sell our products to consumers. The Consumer Domestic Segment employs a sales force based regionally throughout the U.S. and utilizes the services of independent brokers, who represent our products in the food, mass, pet, dollar, club, and numerous other classes of trade. Our Consumer International segment conducts business through subsidiaries and global export markets. Our subsidiaries employ local sales and marketing teams that manage the retailer and trade relationships while export sales and marketing professionals also manage an extensive distributor network in our global export markets. Our products are stored in our plants and third-party owned warehouses and are either delivered by independent trucking companies or picked up by customers at our facilities. SPD markets sodium bicarbonate and other chemicals to industrial and agricultural customers primarily throughout the U.S. and Canada. Distribution is accomplished through a dedicated sales force supplemented by manufacturers representatives and independent distributors. Our products in this segment are stored in our plants and public warehouses and are either delivered by independent trucking companies or picked up by customers at our facilities. SEASONALITY Our business is generally not seasonal, although the Consumer Domestic and Consumer International segments are affected by sales of WATERPIK water flossers (which typically are higher during the fall, in advance of the holiday season), sales of NAIR depilatories and waxes (which typically are higher in the spring and summer months), sales of ZICAM cold shortening and relief products and TOUCHLAND hand sanitizers (which typically are higher in the fourth quarter of each year, in advance of the cold and flu season and renewed commitments to health). In SPD, several of our Animal Nutrition products experience higher demand in warmer weather months creating higher seasonal demand in the second and third quarters of the year. 7 RAW MATERIALS AND SOURCES OF SUPPLY We manufacture sodium bicarbonate for our consumer and specialty products businesses at our plants located at Green River, Wyoming and Old Fort, Ohio. The primary source of soda ash, a basic raw material used in the production of sodium bicarbonate, is the mineral trona, which is found in abundance in southwestern Wyoming near our Green River plant. We have adequate trona reserves under mineral leases to support our sodium bicarbonate requirements for the foreseeable future. We are a party to a partnership agreement with Tata Chemicals (Soda Ash) Partners, which mines and processes trona reserves in Wyoming. We fulfill a substantial amount of our soda ash supply requirements through the partnership and related supply and services agreements, enabling us to achieve some of the economies of an integrated business capable of producing sodium bicarbonate and related products from the basic raw material. The partnership agreement and other supply agreements between Tata Chemicals (Soda Ash) Partners and us are terminable upon two years notice by either of us. We believe that sufficient alternative sources of soda ash supply are available. We believe that ample sources of raw materials are available for all our other major products and we have increased qualified dual sources of materials to approximately 70% of our total spend on direct materials as part of our resilient supply focus. Alternative sources of supply are available in case of the disruption or termination of the supply agreements. The cost of raw materials, including surfactants, diesel fuel and oil-based raw and packaging materials used primarily in our consumer businesses, increased modestly in 2025 relative to 2024. Increases in the prices of certain raw materials could materially impact our costs and financial results if we are unable to pass such costs along in the form of price increases to our customers. We utilize the services of third-party contract manufacturers around the world for certain products. PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS Our trademarks appear in upper case letters throughout this Annual Report. The majority of our trademarks are registered with either the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or with the trademark offices of many foreign countries. The ARM HAMMER trademark has been used by us since 1867 and is important to the successful operation of our business. Our products are sold under many other valuable trademarks held by us, including TROJAN, NAIR, ORAJEL, WATERPIK, FIRST RESPONSE, XTRA, OXICLEAN, BATISTE, SIMPLY SALINE, ZICAM, THERABREATH, HERO and TOUCHLAND. Our portfolio of trademarks represents substantial value in the businesses using the trademarks. U.S. patents are currently granted for a term of 20 years from the date the patent application is filed. Although we actively seek and maintain a number of patents, no single patent is considered significant to the business as a whole. CUSTOMERS AND ORDER BACKLOG In each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, net sales to our largest customer, Walmart Inc. and its affiliates ( Walmart ), were approximately 23% of our consolidated net sales. No other customer accounted for 10% or more of our consolidated net sales in the three-year period. The time between receipt of orders and shipment is generally short, and as a result, backlog is not significant. GOVERNMENT REGULATION General All of our products are subject to regulation by one or more U.S. agencies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ), the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ), the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ), the Consumer Product Safety Commission ( CPSC ), the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ), as well as foreign agencies such as the European Commission, Health Canada, the Australia Therapeutic Goods Administration, the Mexico Federal Commission for Protection Against Health Risks (COFEPRIS), the UK Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency, the Chinese National Medical Products Administration and others. FDA regulations govern a variety of matters relating to our products, such as product development, manufacturing, premarket clearance or approval, labeling, distribution and post-market surveillance including complaint vigilance. The regulations adopted and standards imposed by the FDA and similar foreign agencies evolve over time and can require us to make changes in our manufacturing processes and quality systems to remain in compliance. These agencies periodically inspect manufacturing and other facilities. To maintain certification of our quality system and certain of the technical files of our products, we must monitor and adapt to changes to applicable standards. These changes may impose burdensome new requirements that require significant investment or rework. If we fail to comply with applicable regulations and standards, we may be subject to sanctions, including fines and penalties, the recall of products and cessation of manufacturing and/or distribution. 8 In addition, we sell products that are subject to regulation under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act, which are administered by the EPA. Similar laws exist in other markets and may apply to our products. We are also subject to regulation by the FTC and its counterparts in other jurisdictions in connection with the content and truthfulness of our labeling, advertising, promotion, trade practices and other matters. The FTC and foreign agencies have instituted numerous enforcement actions against companies for failure to adequately substantiate claims made in advertising or for the use of otherwise false or misleading advertising claims and practices. These enforcement actions have resulted in consent decrees and the payment of civil penalties and/or restitution by the companies involved. Such actions can result in substantial financial penalties and significantly restrict the marketing of our products. The CPSC and consumer protection agencies around the world have jurisdiction over consumer products, regulate their safety and have authority over recalls. The CPSC administers the Poison Prevention Packaging Act and has issued regulations requiring special child resistant packaging for certain products, including pharmaceuticals, dietary supplements, and dietary substances, containing certain ingredients (e.g., iron). The CPSC and similar foreign agencies also develop and enforce mandatory product safety standards to address trending safety concerns, such as the use of button cell batteries or the presence of toxic chemicals in consumer products. The FCC regulates interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite, and cable in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and U.S. territories. An independent U.S. government agency overseen by Congress, the Commission is the federal agency responsible for implementing and enforcing America s communications law and regulations. The FCC administers the Communications Act of 1934, specifically in Title 47, Section 301. This section grants the FCC the power to regulate and oversee the use of the electromagnetic spectrum, including electrical products that generate energy or radiofrequency. Our electrical products, such as WaterPik flossers and Trojan vibrators, are also subject to the Radiation Control provisions of the federal FDCA. This law, administered by the FDA, governs products that emit radiation, including medical devices as well as radiation-emitting electronic products. Our relationship with certain union employees is regulated by various agencies of the countries, states, provinces and other localities in which we sell our products. Medical Device Clearance and Approval To be commercially distributed in the United States, a medical device must, unless exempt, receive clearance or approval from the FDA pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( FDCA ). For lower risk class II devices, we must generally submit a premarket notification requesting clearance for commercial distribution known as a 510(k) clearance. Our condoms, lubricants, STERIMAR nasal congestion relief, home pregnancy test kits and WATERPIK professional dental products are regulated as class II devices. Some other low risk devices, including nasal congestion relief and wound wash, wrist supports, WATERPIK water flossers and HERO pimple patches are in class I or are unclassified and are generally exempted from the 510(k) requirements. To obtain 510(k) clearance, a device must be determined to be substantially equivalent in intended use and in safety and effectiveness to a benchmark device, or predicate that is already legally in commercial distribution. Any modification to a 510(k) cleared device that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a change in its intended use, generally requires a new 510(k) clearance. We may determine that a new 510(k) clearance is not required, but if the FDA disagrees, it may retroactively require a 510(k) clearance and may require us to cease marketing or recall the modified device until 510(k) clearance is obtained. In many countries outside the United States, to distribute a medical device lawfully, we must demonstrate conformity to local or regional standards for quality, safety and performance. For class II medical devices, we must obtain either government approval or certification from an accredited and approved Notified Body ("NB") that also performs periodic planned and surprise audits of our files and our quality system. These audits are shared in some cases, specifically among regulators in the U.S., Canada, Australia, Brazil, and Japan. Modification to a certified device generally requires government or NB review and approval prior to implementation of the change. Additionally, all safety incidents reported to a Health Authority must also be reported to the NB. OTC/Pharmaceutical and Cosmetic Requirements We market over-the-counter ( OTC ) pharmaceutical products, such as topical acne products, anticavity toothpaste, anticavity rinse, antiperspirant, hemorrhoid relief, skin protectant, antinauseant, oral analgesic and sunscreen drug products, that are subject to FDA and foreign regulation. Under the U.S. OTC monograph system, OTC pharmaceutical products that meet established conditions are generally recognized as safe and effective and do not require the submission and approval of a new drug application. The FDA OTC monographs include well-known ingredients and specify requirements for permitted indications, required warnings and precautions, allowable combinations of ingredients and dosage levels. Pharmaceutical products marketed under the OTC monograph system must conform to specific quality, formula and labeling requirements. Following the passage of the CARES Act, FDA is updating and working to finalize current monographs, including those that affect our oral care products and HERO sunscreens. With these new regulations, OTC products will now need to be state of the art and will have significant focus on Good Manufacturing Practices ( GMPs ), especially manufacturing, final formulation testing, stability testing, and safety incident reporting. Products not in the monograph system can be deemed to be unapproved new drugs and can be forced from the market. This is particularly the case for homeopathic drug products like certain ZICAM products. Both the FDA and the FTC have taken the position that homeopathic products are unapproved new drugs. Regulatory action 9 against these products is deemed unlikely unless the products present an unreasonable safety risk. ZICAM homeopathic products are not currently perceived to pose such risk. All facilities where OTC pharmaceutical products are manufactured, tested, packaged, stored or distributed must comply with current Good Manufacturing Practices ( cGMP ) regulations and/or regulations promulgated by competent authorities in the countries where the facilities are located. All of our pharmaceutical products are manufactured, tested, packaged, stored and distributed according to cGMP regulations. The FDA performs periodic audits to ensure that our facilities remain in compliance with all appropriate regulations. The failure of a facility to be in compliance may lead to a breach of representations made to customers or to regulatory action against us related to the products made in that facility, such as seizure, injunction or recall. Serious product quality concerns could also result in governmental actions against us that, among other things, could result in the suspension of production or distribution of our products, product seizures, loss of certain licenses or other governmental penalties, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operating results. We are required to report serious adverse events associated with the use of our OTC pharmaceutical products marketed in the U.S and other countries where such products are sold. We cannot predict whether new legislation regulating our activities will be enacted or what effect any legislation would have on our business. Medical Device, OTC/Pharmaceutical and Cosmetic Pre- and Post-Market Regulation Before and after a medical device, OTC/pharmaceutical, and/or cosmetic is commercialized, numerous regulatory requirements apply, including: international quality system regulations, including those of the FDA and other regulatory authorities, impose cGMP requirements governing the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the design, manufacture, packaging, servicing, labeling, storage, installation, and distribution of all finished medical devices and OTC pharmaceuticals intended for human use; global standards and regulations affecting product design and development, including requirements to keep existing products current to the state of the art, and doing an ongoing assessment of the risk acceptability, adopting risk control measures where appropriate, and re-assessing the clinical benefit; labeling regulations, including a prohibition on product promotion for unapproved or off label uses; the medical device and drug reporting regulation requiring a manufacturer to report to the regulatory authorities if its drug or device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur and ongoing post-market surveillance of the product and like-products to continuously evaluate the benefit/risk over the life of the product; and regulations on corrections and removals which require a manufacturer to report recalls and field actions to the regulatory authorities if initiated to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the applicable laws. Food Products We market baking soda and animal feed products, such as rumen fermentation enhancers and Dietary Cation-Anion Difference ( DCAD ) balancers that are also subject to FDA and foreign regulation. The Food Safety Modernization Act ( FSMA ) regulates food and animal feed products and mandates preventive controls, including hazard analysis, risk controls, supplier qualifications and controls and increased record keeping. FSMA grants the FDA the authority to require mandatory recalls for products under certain conditions. The FDA is currently in the process of establishing rules and guidance to implement the provisions of FSMA. The potential impact of these rules and applicable guidance will be determined as they are published, and compliance plans will be affected as necessary. Dietary Supplements The processing, formulation, safety, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising, distribution, importing, selling, and storing our dietary supplements sold under the VIVISCAL, ZICAM, REPHRESH, GRAVOL and ORAJEL brands are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies, including the FDA, the FTC, the CPSC, the EPA, and by various agencies of the states and localities in which our products are sold. The FDCA governs the composition, safety, labeling, manufacturing and marketing of dietary supplements. Additionally, dietary supplements sold outside the U.S. may be regulated as drugs. It is unlawful to market as a dietary supplement any article that is approved as a new drug or is authorized for investigation as a new drug for which substantial clinical investigations have been instituted and made public, unless that article was first marketed as a dietary supplement or food. The FDA has authority to effectively void that restriction through the issuance of a regulation finding the article lawful. The FDA has issued Warning Letters to companies selling supplements with unapproved new dietary ingredients, unsafe food additives, and/or drug claims. 10 Dietary ingredients that were not marketed in the U.S. before October 15, 1994 must be the subject of a new dietary ingredient notification submitted to the FDA at least 75 days before the initial marketing, unless the ingredient has been present in the food supply as an article used for food without being chemically altered. The notification must provide evidence of a history of use or other evidence establishing that use of the dietary ingredient is reasonably expected to be safe. The FDA may determine that notification does not provide an adequate basis to conclude that a new ingredient is reasonably expected to be safe, which could effectively prevent the marketing of the ingredient. In May 2022, the FDA issued draft guidance on enforcement policy with regard to premarket notification of new dietary ingredients. Although the draft guidance was issued for public comment and does not have the force of law, it is a strong indication of the FDA s current thinking on the FDA s approach to enforcement. The FDA has signaled its intent to enforce the applicable statutes and regulations by requiring submission of a pre-market safety notification for new dietary ingredients. A company that uses a statement of nutritional support in labeling must possess information substantiating that the statement is truthful and not misleading. If the FDA determines that a particular statement of nutritional support is an unacceptable drug claim or an unauthorized version of a health claim, or if the FDA determines that a particular claim is not adequately supported by existing scientific evidence or is otherwise false or misleading, the claim could not be used and any product bearing the claim could be subject to regulatory action. The FDA s cGMP regulations govern the manufacturing, packaging, labeling and holding operations of dietary supplement manufacturers. As with OTC products, the FDA performs periodic audits to ensure that our dietary supplement facilities remain in compliance with all appropriate regulations. The failure of a facility to be in compliance may lead to a breach of representation made to consumers or to regulatory action against us related to the products made in that facility, seizure, injunction or recall. There is considerable uncertainty with respect to the FDA s interpretation and implementation of the cGMP regulations. The failure of a manufacturing facility to comply with the cGMP regulations may render products manufactured in that facility adulterated and subject those products and the manufacturer to a variety of potential FDA enforcement actions. The manufacturer, packer, or distributor of a dietary supplement marketed in the U.S. whose name appears on the label of the supplement is required to report serious adverse events associated with the use of that supplement to the FDA. Additional legislation may be introduced which, if passed, would impose substantial new regulatory requirements on dietary supplements. The effect of additional domestic or international governmental legislation, regulations, or administrative orders, if and when promulgated, cannot be determined. New legislation or regulations may require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards and require the recall or discontinuance of certain products not capable of reformulation. Sustainability Strategy and Pillars Sustainability is how we refer to our environmental, social governance (ESG) efforts to deliver growth and profitability while making a meaningful and positive impact. Our global sustainability strategy is derived from our heritage and organizational values. We believe that Sustainability is critical to the health of the communities in which we operate, contributes to a better world and benefits our business both financially and operationally. Each year we publish a Sustainability Report that discloses our business and corporate responsibility commitments and details our performance metrics and targets and other components of our sustainability efforts. Our 2024 Sustainability Report is available on our web site at https://churchdwight.com/pdf/Sustainability/2024-Sustainability-Report.pdf, and our 2025 Sustainability Report will be available in April 2026 (the 2025 Sustainability Report and together with the 2024 Sustainability Report, the Sustainability Reports ). References to our Sustainability Reports are for informational purposes only and neither the Sustainability Reports or the other information on our website is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following six pillars are the core focus of our sustainability efforts . Each is supported through our Governance practices, which are intended to maintain a system of rules, processes and practices that determine how we operate and align the interests of our stakeholders in support of ethical business practices and financial success. Our Brands: Delight consumers with our brands and contribute towards a more sustainable world Products: Provide safe and effective products for consumers and the environment Packaging: Utilize consumer friendly and environmentally responsible packaging Employees and Communities: Embrace the principles of good corporate citizenship and social responsibility within the communities we can impact Environment: Minimize environmental impact of our global operations, with a focus on increased renewable energy usage, reduced water consumption, greenhouse gas emissions and solid waste to landfills Responsible Sourcing : Improve our suppliers environmental, labor, health safety and ethical practices Environmental . Our operations are subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules and regulations relating to environmental concerns, including air emissions, wastewater discharges, solid and hazardous waste management activities, and the safety of our employees. We 11 endeavor to take actions necessary to comply with such regulations. These steps include periodic environmental and health and safety audits of our facilities. The audits, conducted by independent firms with expertise in environmental, health and safety compliance, include site visits at each location, as well as a review of documentary information, to determine compliance with such federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules and regulations. We strive to minimize the impact of our expanding global operations and to meet the challenge of managing our environmental footprint. Our environmental priorities include providing effective products that are safe for our consumers, the animals they care for and the environment; utilizing consumer friendly and environmentally responsible packaging; reducing greenhouse gas emission and water usage; recycling solid waste; and improving our suppliers environmental practices. Social . Our Social focus is driven by our goals of delighting consumers with our brands through our contributions to sustainability; improving our suppliers labor, health safety, environmental and ethical practices; and supporting our employees and communities all to create a stronger more resilient company. Employee safety and wellness remain two of our highest priorities. We administer company-wide policies designed to ensure the safety of each team member and compliance with OSHA and local standards. We embrace the diversity of our employees across all dimensions and believe that a diverse and inclusive workforce fosters innovation and promotes an environment filled with unique perspectives, talents, and experiences. We strive to cultivate a culture and processes that support and enhance our ability to recruit, hire, develop and retain talent at every level based on merit. We do not discriminate in our recruiting, hiring, or promotion on the basis of protected class characteristics or conditions. We encourage our employees to become involved in their communities through our Employee Giving Fund, which supports charitable organizations where our employees work and live, and The Church Dwight Philanthropic Foundation (the Foundation ) which is focused on helping to create educational and employment opportunities and advancing environmental preservation. The Employee Giving Fund and the Foundation are administered by our employees. See pages 12 to 13 in Item 1 of this Annual Report under Human Capital for a discussion of our human capital management. Governance . Our sustainability governance focus includes the processes, rules, resources and systems in support of our operational and sustainability efforts, as were described in our 2025 Proxy Statement and will be described in our Proxy Statement for our upcoming Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption Sustainability Strategy and Pillars and in our 2025 Sustainability Report. Our Corporate Issues Council (the Council ), comprised of senior executives representing all our key functional areas, guides the integration of sustainability within all parts of our business and drives continuous improvement in our Sustainability Program. The Council takes the lead in defining and implementing our sustainability strategies across six pillars. Our Board of Directors, acting principally through its Governance, Nominating Corporate Responsibility Committee, oversees our Sustainability Program , including our resilience related policies and programs. The Governance, Nominating Corporate Responsibility Committee focuses on governance, brands, products, packaging, responsible sourcing, environmental, and all other areas of our Sustainability Program not otherwise overseen by the Compensation Human Capital Committee and the Audit Committee. Our Compensation Human Capital Committee focuses on issues related to our people. Our Audit Committee oversees our compliance and ethics program. Our Compensation Human Capital Committee and Board also review the results of our periodic employee engagement surveys and has oversight over our planned response strategy. Our Political Contributions Policy, which is posted in the Investor Relations section of our website, sets forth our policies regarding political contributions and membership in industry groups that further our business goals. Our General Counsel and Chairman of the Board are responsible for ensuring that stockholder requests, recommendations and proposals are evaluated by the Governance, Nominating Corporate Responsibility Committee, additional committees within the Board as appropriate, and then by the Board of Directors, if needed. As described in our Sustainability Reports, our continued progress in key areas of sustainability has earned recognition from various third parties. We use the standards and guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative and the IFRS Sustainability Disclosure Standards issued by the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB)which incorporate the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board industry specific standards and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, to inform our sustainability disclosures included in this Annual Report, our Proxy Statement and our Sustainability Reports. The materiality thresholds in those standards and guidelines may differ from the concept of materiality for purposes of the federal securities laws and disclosures required by the Commission s rules in this Annual Report. Moreover, the inclusion of sustainability disclosures in this Annual Report and in our other filings with the Commission does not necessarily imply that we consider them to be material for purposes of the federal securities laws or the Commission s rules and regulations governing such disclosure. HUMAN CAPITAL Overview Much of our success comes from our culture. Our people share a collective energy and ambition towards making a difference supporting the greater good, by providing affordable, quality products for everyday life, as reflected in our sustainability commitments, and by giving back to their communities. Our culture generates a collective passion, strength and determination to make an outsized impact, every day. 12 Safety and Wellness Employee safety and wellness in both plants and offices remain two of our highest priorities. We develop and administer company-wide policies to ensure the safety of each team member and compliance with OSHA standards. Our Employees As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 5,550 global employees, a decrease of approximately 200 compared to December 31, 2024. Approximately 85% of our workforce is located in the Americas, 11% in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, and 4% in the Asia-Pacific region. About 55% of our employees are salaried and about 45% are paid hourly wages. During fiscal 2025, our overall turnover rate was approximately 17%. Our revenue per employee in fiscal 2025 was approximately $1.12 million. Inclusive and Effective Workforce We embrace the diversity of our employees in all dimensions and our efforts aspire to help us achieve a more inclusive workforce and optimize our long-term performance. We also strive to cultivate a culture and processes that support and enhance our ability to recruit, hire, develop and retain talent at every level based on merit. As a company we remain committed to fair treatment, access, opportunity, and advancement for all. In 2023 we launched several Employee Resource Groups ( ERGs ). These Company-supported, employee-run groups contribute to our goal of building and maintaining a diverse and inclusive workplace at Church Dwight. We started the program with ERGs for military veterans (V.A.L.O.R.), black employees (B.O.L.D.) and women (W.A.V.E.). Each ERG is open to all employees and is intended to create inclusive environments where all global employees feel connected, valued, and inspired to build customer value and contribute to our Company s success. Hiring, Development and Retention Our talent strategy is focused on attracting the best talent and recognizing and rewarding performance, while continually developing, engaging and retaining our talented employees. We invest resources in professional development and growth as a means of improving employee performance and improving retention. This includes management training aimed at continuous learning, professional training and development opportunities, targeted leadership development courses for new and existing leaders of different levels of seniority, tuition reimbursement, on-boarding efforts, job specific programs for our employees, cultural reinforcement and more. Compensation and Benefits Attracting and retaining talent is a priority at Church Dwight. We offer competitive pay and a range of benefits that support the well-being of our workforce. This includes offering competitive salaries and wages, as well as benefits such as health insurance, retirement and profit-sharing plans, and paid time off. Employees are eligible for health insurance, prescription drug benefits, dental, vision, hospital indemnity, accident, critical illness, and disability insurance, life insurance, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, reproductive rights coverage, participation in savings plans, and identity theft insurance, in each case subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable plans and programs. Communities We encourage our employees to become involved in their communities, and in 2025, our Employee Giving Fund supported our communities by providing approximately $1.3 million in employee and corporate contributions to 224 deserving community organizations through annual grants, disaster relief, and other monetary support. Employees purchased back-to-school supplies online to support disadvantaged youth, donated clothes and non-perishable items for clothing and food drives and provided supplies for a summer camp and holiday dinner for families in need. In 2020 we established the Church and Dwight Philanthropic Foundation (the Foundation ) with the focus on helping to create educational and employment opportunities and advancing environmental preservation. The Foundation is administered by our employees. In 2025, ten organizations were chosen and received grants totaling approximately $1.1 million. 13 PUBLIC INFORMATION We maintain a website at www.churchdwight.com and on the Investors-Financials-SEC Filings page of our website we make available free of charge our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these materials with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission ). Also available on the Investors-Governance Documents page on our website are our Corporate Governance Guidelines, charters for the Audit, Compensation Human Capital and Governance, Nominating Corporate Responsibility Committees of our Board of Directors (the Board ), our Code of Conduct, our Information Security, Governance FAQs and our Political Contributions Policy. We also publish a Sustainability Report that summarizes our business and corporate responsibility commitments and accomplishments including those related to our environmental, social, and governance performance. For more information regarding our sustainability strategy and pillars please see the Responsibility page on our website and the discussion under the caption Sustainability Strategy and Pillars included above. Each of the foregoing is also available in print free of charge and may be obtained upon written request to: Church Dwight Co., Inc., 500 Charles Ewing Boulevard, Ewing, New Jersey 08628, attention: Secretary. The information presented on our website is not a part of this Annual Report and the reference to our website is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. 14 I TEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The following risks and uncertainties, as well as other factors described elsewhere in this Annual Report or in our other filings with the Commission, could, individually and collectively, have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial results, financial condition and/or the trading price of our Common Stock: Business and Operational Risks We face intense competition in our markets. We face intense competition from consumer products companies, both in the U.S. and in international markets. Most of our products compete with other widely-advertised promoted and merchandised brands within each product category and from retailers, including supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar and other discount stores, pet and other specialty stores and websites and other e-commerce channels, which are increasingly offering private label and retailer-branded brands and generic non-branded products in certain categories, which typically are sold at lower prices, and consumers are increasingly seeking lower cost private label products. In China, in particular we face strong competition from local manufacturers offering both generic and branded products. The use of evolving technology to develop more complex pricing models by retailers has led and may continue to lead to pricing pressures in some categories. In addition, an increase in consumers purchasing more private label or other lower price brands has increased competition in certain product categories in particular, including diagnostic kits and oral analgesics, and there has been increased consumer shifts to private label products across multiple categories. Shifting consumer behavior, including continuing shifts to online shopping, has also increased competition in e-commerce in many of our categories, from our larger legacy competitors and newer digitally native brands which have increasingly moved into consumer products and staples. Many of our competitors are large companies, including, among others, P G, The Clorox Company, Colgate-Palmolive Company, S.C. Johnson Son, Inc., Nestl S.A., Haleon plc, Henkel, Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, LifeStyles Healthcare, Kenvue Inc., Pfizer Inc., Bayer AG, NBTY, Inc., Koninklijke Philips N.V., Unilever PLC, Sanofi, Edgewell Personal Care, Panoxyl, Starface, GOJO Industries, Inc., and Peach Lily. Many of these companies have greater financial resources than we do, and these competitors, as well as new market entrants, may therefore, have the capacity to outspend us on advertising and promotional activities and introduce competing products or adopt new technologies, such as artificial intelligence and machine learning, more quickly, successfully and effectively, and respond more effectively to changing business and economic conditions than we can. Our products generally compete based on performance, brand recognition, price, value or other benefits to consumers. Significant price competition may require us to reduce the prices for some of our products to price levels that do not offset manufacturing cost increases, to respond to competitive and customer pressures and to maintain market share. Increases to our prices, because of inflationary pressures or otherwise, could cause declining sales of products whose prices we have increased. In response to inflationary pressures and other factors, we have raised prices on many of our products across our global portfolio of brands in recent years. Ongoing periods of high inflation or increased costs resulting from higher tariffs imposed by the U.S. or other countries could lead to additional price increases on these or our other products, adversely impacting demand for our products. Advertising, promotion, merchandising and packaging also have a significant impact on retail customer decisions regarding the brands and product lines they sell and on consumer purchasing decisions. A newly introduced consumer product (whether improved or newly developed) usually encounters intense competition requiring substantial expenditures for advertising, sales promotion and trade merchandising. If a product gains consumer acceptance, it normally requires continued advertising, promotional support and product improvements to maintain its relative market position. If our advertising, marketing and promotional programs, including the use of digital and social media to reach consumers, are not effective, our sales growth may decline. A continued change in the retail environment and changing consumer preferences could cause our sales to decline. Despite increasing shifts to e-commerce, sales of our products remain highest in the traditional mass merchandiser, food and drug retail stores, and our products are also sold in club stores and dollar store channels. However, alternative retail channels, including direct to consumer, e-commerce retailers, hard discounters, subscription services and buying clubs, have become more prevalent and the volume of consumer products that are sold through such alternative retail channels is continuing to increase, which may affect customer and consumer preferences, including any pricing pressures for consumer goods as retailers face added costs to build or further expand their e-commerce capacity. In addition, a growing number of alternative sales channels and business models, such as niche brands, native online brands, private label and store brands, direct-to-consumer brands and channels and discounter channels, have emerged in the markets we serve. In particular, the growing presence of, and increasing sales through, e-commerce retailers have affected, and may continue to affect, consumer behavior or preferences (as consumers increasingly shop online and via mobile and social applications) and market dynamics, including any pricing pressures for consumer goods as retailers face added costs to build their e-commerce capacity. In 2025, some of our largest customers launched private label brands that compete with our products and may continue to expand those offerings in the future. Further, consumer preferences continue to evolve due to a number of factors, including fragmentation of the consumer market and changes in consumer demographics, including the aging of the general population and the emergence of Generation Z and Generation Alpha who have different spending, consumption and purchasing habits and are increasingly shifting to private label products and new nontraditional brands rather than maintaining allegiance to historical brands; evolving consumer concerns or perceptions regarding sustainability practices of manufacturers, including the environmental impacts of products and the sourcing and sustainability of, packaging materials, such as plastic 15 packaging, and their environmental impact; greenhouse gas emissions; waste disposal practices; a growing demand for natural or organic products and ingredients; changing consumer sentiment toward non-local products or sources among different demographic groups; evolving consumer concerns or perceptions regarding the effects of ingredients or substances present in certain consumer products; reduced brand loyalty; and concerns regarding human capital practices. We and many of our competitors have increased our online sales as a result of shifting consumer behavior, benefiting from scale, brand recognition, and other factors. However, as consumers continue to shift their behavior, retailers may incur higher e-commerce operating costs and will seek to recover those costs by passing them onto customers and manufacturers. Additionally, we cannot predict the extent to which our increased e-commerce demand will continue or the impact on our profits as retailers seek to recover higher e-commerce related operating costs. Any significant changes in consumer preferences or behavior could materially and negatively impact demand for our products and, in turn, our net sales and results of operations. Consumer preferences are also influenced by the perception of our brand images or those of our products, the success of advertising and marketing campaigns, our ability to engage with consumers in the manner they prefer, including through the use of digital media or assets, and the perception of our advertising content, use of social media and extent of engagement in political and social issues. If we are not successful in continuing to adapt to changing consumer preferences and market dynamics or expanding sales through e-commerce retailers or alternative retail channels, consumers may reduce their purchasing of the Company s products which would negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. Volatility and increases in the price of raw and packaging materials or energy costs could erode our profit margins. The principal raw materials and packaging used by us and certain of our suppliers and contract manufacturers include surfactants (cleaning agents), paper products and resin-based molded components. Volatility, and increases in the costs of raw materials without offsetting price increases, disruptions in production or transportation, or increases in the costs of energy, labor, shipping and other necessary services, or other inflationary pressures, including market conditions, inflation, banking failures, supplier capacity restraints, geopolitical developments (including the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East and political upheaval in the Middle East and Europe), tariffs on imported materials or the impact of tariffs on products or materials exported outside of the U.S., new regulations or economic policies, federal government spending disputes and government shutdowns, port congestions, strikes or delays, transport capacity restraints, or other disruptions, could significantly affect our profit margins if we are unable to pass along any higher costs in the form of price increases or otherwise achieve cost efficiencies, such as in manufacturing and distribution. While slowing year-over-year, inflationary pressures continued in 2025, and we continue to be affected by increased costs impacting our supplies, transportation or manufacturing processes which could impact our gross margin. While we have increased prices on a majority of our products in recent years, there is no assurance that we will be able to fully offset any input costs increases, through cost reduction programs or price increases of our products or enter locked-in price arrangements or hedge agreements, especially given the competitive environment. Sustained, those price increases may lead to declines in volume as competitors may reduce their prices or customers may decide not to pay higher prices or to purchase lower priced alternatives, which could lead to sales declines and loss of market share. While we seek to project tradeoffs between price increases and volume, our projections may not accurately predict the volume impact of price increases. In addition, volatility in certain commodity markets could significantly affect our production cost. Additionally, increased tariffs, or proposed increases to tariffs, imposed by the U.S. or other countries could have the impact of increasing costs on a wide range of products and services, including on our products and items used to manufacture and deliver our products, and could lead to increased prices, price volatility and reduced demand for our products. From time to time, we use hedge agreements to mitigate the volatility of commodities and diesel fuel prices. The hedge agreements are designed to add stability to product costs, enabling us to make pricing decisions and lessen the economic impact of abrupt changes in prices over the term of the contract. However, in periods of declining fuel or other commodity prices, the hedge agreements can have the effect of locking us in at above-market prices. Loss of any of our principal customers could significantly decrease our sales and profitability. A limited number of customers account for a large percentage of our net sales and/or net sales of specific product lines. Walmart is our largest customer, accounting for approximately 23% of net sales in each of 2025, 2024, and 2023. Our top four customers accounted for approximately 44%, 43%, and 44% of net sales in 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. We expect that a significant portion of our net sales will continue to be derived from a small number of customers and that these percentages may increase if the growth of mass merchandisers continues. As a result, changes in the strategies of any of our largest customers, including a reduction in the number of brands they carry or of shelf space they dedicate to private label products, could materially harm our net sales and profitability. Any loss of or significant reduction in sales to one of our key customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Changes in consumer behavior, including continued shifting to online shopping instead of physical retail shopping, could also impact our sales to our largest customers. Some of our retail customers have experienced and may experience in the future declining financial performance, which could affect their ability to pay amounts due to us on a timely basis or at all. If these impacts are prolonged, they can further increase the difficulty of planning for operations. Moreover, the use of evolving technology by our customers to develop more complex pricing models may lead to category pricing pressures. We could also lose a significant customer due to customer service levels or real or perceived product quality or appearance issues. As our business is based primarily upon individual sales orders rather than long-term contracts and most customer agreements include customer termination rights after short notice, many of our customers could reduce their purchasing levels or cease buying products from us at any time and for any reason. 16 Market category declines and changes to our product and geographic mix may impact the achievement of our sales growth targets, planned pricing and financial results. A significant percentage of our revenues come from mature markets that are subject to high levels of competition where product differentiation is more challenging and price competitors can erode profit margins. During 2025, approximately 82% of our sales were generated in U.S. markets. U.S. markets for consumer products are considered mature and commonly characterized by high household penetration, particularly with respect to our most significant product categories, such as laundry detergents, deodorizers, household cleaning products, toothpastes, antiperspirants and deodorants. Our ability to quickly innovate to differentiate our products (including product packaging and sustainability profiles) to meet changing consumer demands is essential, especially in light of e-commerce significantly reducing the barriers for even small competitors to quickly introduce new brands and products directly to consumers. Even if we are successful in increasing sales within our product categories, a continuing or accelerating decline in the overall markets for our products could have a negative impact on our financial results. We have implemented price increases and may implement additional price increases in the future, including to account for increased costs, which may slow sales growth or create volume declines in the short term as customers and consumers adjust to these price increases. Decreases in demand for our products would decrease our sales and profitability. Factors that can affect demand include competitors products, advertising and pricing actions, inflationary pressures, rates of unemployment, consumer confidence, health care costs, including increased costs as a result of changes in federal regulations, significant shifts in government policies, the deterioration of economic or trade relations between countries or regions, commodity costs, fuel and other energy costs and other economic factors affecting consumer spending behavior, including gasoline and home heating oil pricing, reduced unemployment benefits in periods of high unemployment, restrictions on travel and access to public spaces, and changes in tax policies, other effects of governmental shutdowns or a lapse of appropriations or fear of exposure to or actual impacts of a widespread disease outbreak. In particular, we derive a substantial percentage of our revenues from sales of laundry detergent, and the continued customer demand for these products is critical to our future success. There has been a decrease in demand for some of our products in recent years, including condoms, as a result of demographic and other changes. We believe that inflation drove a decline in consumer spending for our Waterpik brand, as a growing number of water flosser consumers switched to competitors' value-branded products. An increasing number of our products are more discretionary in nature and, therefore, are more likely to be affected by consumer decisions to control spending. We rely on the policies of our key retail customers. Larger and increasingly consolidated retailers have an increasing influence, and have sought to obtain lower pricing, special packaging inventory practices, logistics or other changes to the customer-supplier relationship as a result of this influence. To the extent we provide concessions or better trade terms to those customers, our profit margins are reduced. Further, if we are unable to effectively respond to the demands of our customers, these customers could reduce their purchases of our products and increase their purchases of products from competitors. Reductions in inventory by our customers, including as a result of consolidation in the retail industry, or these customers managing their working capital requirements, could result in reduced orders for our products and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows for financial periods affected by such reductions. Protracted unfavorable market conditions have caused many of our customers to more critically analyze the number of brands they sell, and reduce or discontinue certain of our product lines, particularly those products that were not number one or two in their category. In addition, private label and retail-branded products sold by retail trade chains are typically sold at lower prices than branded products. As consumers look for opportunities to decrease discretionary spending, our customers have discontinued or reduced distribution of some of our products to encourage those consumers to purchase the customers less expensive and, in some cases, more profitable private label and retail-branded products (primarily in the stain fighters, diagnostic kits and oral analgesics categories). We may be unable to successfully identify, finance, complete and integrate future strategic acquisitions, or successfully complete or realize the anticipated benefits of strategic divestitures. We may continue to pursue and consummate additional acquisitions, divestitures or substantial investments in complementary businesses or products in the future. However, we may not be able to identify and successfully negotiate suitable strategic acquisitions at attractive valuations, obtain financing for future acquisitions on satisfactory terms or otherwise complete future acquisitions. Potential acquisitions may be significantly larger than the ones completed in the past and may require us to increase our levels of debt, potentially resulting in us being assigned a lower credit rating. Increases in interest rates in recent years may make it more difficult to borrow at attractive rates to fund future acquisitions. In recent periods, competition from other consumer products companies that are seeking similar opportunities has been particularly strong, and valuations for potential acquisition assets have been high, which has placed pressure on our ability to identify, structure and execute transactions. In addition, acquisitions and investments entail various risks, including the difficulty of entering new markets, product categories, or business models, the challenges of integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired 17 businesses or products, the potential disruption of our ongoing business and the ongoing business of the acquired company, the need to review and, if necessary, upgrade processes and systems of the acquired company to conform to our own processes and systems and applicable legal and regulatory requirements, managing an increasingly broad and complex range of businesses and products, and, generally, our potential inability to obtain the desired financial and strategic benefits from the acquisition or investment. Any of these risks may divert management and other resources, require us to incur unanticipated costs or delay the anticipated positive impact on our business and results of the acquisition. The risks associated with assimilation are increased to the extent we acquire businesses that have stand-alone operations or businesses that are in new categories that cannot easily be integrated or operations or sources of supply outside of the U.S. and Canada, for which products are manufactured locally by third parties. Acquired companies or operations or newly-created ventures may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. In addition, future acquisitions or investments could result in substantial cash expenditures, the potentially dilutive issuances of new equity by us or the incurrence of additional debt or business acquisition liabilities, or the assumption of contingent liabilities, such as those relating to advertising claims, environmental issues and litigation. To the extent that the economic benefits associated with an acquisition or investment diminish in the future we may be required to record impairments of intangible assets. In addition, if the performance of an acquired company or business is less robust than expected, the Company has in the past recorded, and may, in the future, be required to record, impairments of intangible assets. Any impairment charges could adversely affect the Company's financial condition, margins and results of operations. The Company has divested and may, in the future, divest certain assets, businesses or brands. In 2025, we exited from the Flawless, Spinbrush, Waterpik showerhead businesses and divested of our VMS business. We completed the sale of our VMS business at the end of 2025. These and other future potential divestitures could affect the profitability of the Company as a result of the gains or losses on such sale of a business or brand, the loss of the operating income or sales resulting from such sale or the costs or liabilities that are not assumed by the acquirer that may negatively impact profitability and cash flow subsequent to any divestiture. When we undertake to divest assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty finding buyers or executing alternative exit strategies, which could impact the achievement of our strategic objectives. We could also fail to obtain necessary regulatory approval or incur unexpected or higher costs or charges than planned and could experience unanticipated impacts to our business, any of which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. If the Company is unable to complete a divestiture or successfully transition a divested business, including the effective management of the related separation and overhead costs, transition services, and the maintenance of relationships with customers, suppliers, and other business partners, its business and financial results could be negatively impacted. The Company may also be required to recognize impairment charges or other losses as a result of a divestiture. Adverse economic conditions continue to impact a portion of our businesses and potential recessionary economic conditions may impact consumer demand for certain of our products and put downward pressure on product prices, and we will continue to evaluate our business portfolio. New products and product line extensions may not gain widespread customer acceptance, may be otherwise discontinued, or cause sales of existing products to decline. Our future performance and growth depend on our ability to successfully identify, develop and introduce new products, product line extensions, products in adjacent categories to our current products, and anticipate changes in consumer preferences. In addition, some of our products have shorter product life spans and depend heavily on our ability to continuously and timely introduce innovative new products to the marketplace. The successful development and introduction of new products involves substantial research, development, marketing and promotional expenditures, which we may be unable to recover if the new products do not gain widespread market acceptance. New product development and marketing efforts, including efforts to enter markets or product categories in which we have limited or no prior experience, have inherent risks. These risks include product development or launch delays, competitor actions, regulatory approval hurdles and the failure of new products and line extensions to achieve anticipated levels of market acceptance. In addition, sales generated by new products could result in an associated decline in sales of existing products. Each year, we introduce new products across the majority of our brands, including launches into new white space categories. However, there is no assurance that our new products will continue to have widespread acceptance. Success in launching new products is also dependent on our ability to deliver effective and efficient marketing in an evolving media landscape (including digital and social media), which is subject to dynamic and increasingly restrictive privacy requirements. If product introductions are not successful, costs associated with these efforts may not be fully recouped and our net earnings or margins could be adversely affected. From time to time, we have discontinued certain products and product lines, which resulted in returns from customers, asset write-offs and shutdown costs. We may suffer similar adverse consequences in the future to the extent we discontinue products that do not meet retailer or consumer expectations or no longer satisfy consumer demand. 18 We are subject to cost overruns and delays, regulatory requirements, and miscalculations in capacity needs with respect to our expansion projects and our manufacturing facilities, as well as disruptions to our manufacturing facilities and those of our contract manufacturers and other suppliers. From time to time, we initiate planned and unplanned expansion projects with respect to our facilities and those of our contract manufacturers and other suppliers which are subject to risks of, and we have from time to time experienced, delay or cost overruns resulting from numerous factors, including the following: shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor; work stoppages; unscheduled delays in the delivery of ordered materials and equipment; unanticipated cost increases; difficulties in obtaining necessary permits or in meeting permit conditions; difficulties in meeting regulatory or quality requirements or obtaining regulatory approvals; availability of suppliers to certify equipment for existing and enhanced regulations; design and engineering problems; failure or delay of third party service providers; and civil unrest, labor disputes, natural disasters and pandemics. If we were to experience delays or cost overruns in the future it could result in product allocation and retailer frustration, the loss of a significant customer or customers and the material decrease of the sales of one or more of our products. In addition, we could miscalculate our anticipated capacity needs in any of our categories, such as our laundry detergent, cat litter and dietary supplement categories, including as a result of meeting the anticipated demand of our customers, or expansion into new product lines or into new markets. Additionally, the supply of our products depends on the uninterrupted efficient operation of our manufacturing facilities and those of our contract manufacturers and other suppliers and our ability to meet customer service levels. The manufacturing of certain of our products is concentrated in one or more of our plants, contract manufacturers or other suppliers, with limited alternate qualified facilities available. Many of our manufacturing processes and those of our contract manufacturers and other suppliers are complex and present difficult technical challenges to obtain the manufacturing yields necessary to operate profitably and may require complex and specialized equipment which can be expensive to repair or replace with required lead times of up to a year. Any event that disrupts or otherwise negatively impacts manufacturing facilities, manufacturing systems or equipment, or contract manufacturers or other suppliers could result in the delivery of inferior products or affect our ability to meet customer requirements or service levels. We rely on a number of contract manufacturers and suppliers, including sole source contract manufacturers and suppliers for certain products, and supply chain issues may result in product shortages or disruptions to the Company s business. We rely on a number of contract manufacturers and suppliers for certain of our commodities and raw materials, including sole source suppliers for certain of our raw materials, packaging, product components, finished products and other necessary supplies. New suppliers must be qualified pursuant to our standards and may also have to be qualified under governmental and industry standards and any other standards of our customers, which can require additional investment and time. We could experience material disruptions in production and other supply chain issues, largely because of shortages in supplier labor which continues to impact the availability of many raw and packaging materials, which continues to result in out-of-stock conditions. In addition, continued out-of-stock supplies or products due to supply chain issues may cause our customers to switch to competitors products that are more available. Moreover, our relationships with customers could be adversely affected if new or existing suppliers are unable to meet any standards set by us, government or industry regulations, or our customers, if we are unable to contract with suppliers at the quantity, quality and price levels needed for our business, if any of our key suppliers becomes insolvent, ceases or significantly reduces its operations or experiences financial distress, or if any environmental, economic or other outside factors impact its operations. We may be unable to qualify any needed new contract manufacturers or suppliers or maintain supplier arrangements and relationships based on a variety of factors; we may be unable to contract with suppliers at the quantity, quality and price levels needed for our business; certain of our suppliers may not meet the standards of our customers or licensors; or certain of our key contract manufacturers or suppliers may become insolvent or experience other financial distress or face closure or suspension of operations. If any of these events occurs and we have failed to identify and qualify an alternative vendor, then we may be unable to meet our contractual obligations and customer expectations, which could damage our reputation and result in lost customers and sales, or the incurrence of fines or higher than expected expenses. Further, in recent years, we have experienced continuing strain on our supply chain network and its ability to meet demands, including from disruptions from pandemics, ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, and other factors. In addition, our supply chain is dependent on materials, components and other products from Asia and other geographies that may be subject to disruptions in the supply chain, resulting in shortages that would affect our revenue and operating margins. Further, we could miscalculate our anticipated production capacity or expansion needs in any of our categories, such as our mouth rinse or acne treatment categories to meet the anticipated demand of our customers in existing and new markets. Reduced availability of transportation or disruptions in our transportation network could adversely affect us. We distribute our products and receive raw materials and packaging components primarily by truck, rail and ship and through various ports of entry. Reduced availability of trucking, rail or shipping capacity due to labor shortages, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, including climatic and weather-related events, allocation of assets to other industries or geographies or otherwise, work stoppages, closure of operations due to government restrictions or sick employees or other impacts of pandemics, strikes or shutdowns of ports of entry or such transportation sources, could lead to inflationary cost pressures, cause us to incur unanticipated expenses and impair our ability to distribute our products or receive our raw materials or packaging components in a timely manner, which could disrupt our operations, strain our customer relationships and competitive position. 19 Investments in our facilities and operations, including investments in new facilities, equipment, technologies and digital transformation, may result in periods of decreased production or increased costs and such investments may not achieve the intended financial benefits. We incur significant costs on an ongoing basis to upgrade and maintain various facilities, equipment, or technologies, including data management, improved equipment, and artificial intelligence to upgrade our operations and increase productivity. Additionally, we have in the past, and may in the future, incur increased costs or periods of decreased production relating to upgrading facilities, equipment and technologies, transferring production among our facilities, utilizing third-party contract manufacturers, closing existing facilities, expanding existing facilities, and opening new facilities. If the cost of our investments is higher than anticipated, the investments are not sufficient to meet our business needs, we are unable to fully utilize new or upgraded facilities, or we are unable to complete our improvement and expansion projects in a timely manner or in accordance with our specifications, we may be delayed in realizing the intended benefits or our financial performance could be negatively affected. Damage to the reputation of one or more of our leading brands could adversely affect us. Our financial success is directly dependent on the reputation and success of our brands, particularly our power brands. Seven of our brands are designated as "power brands" because they compete in large categories, and we believe they have the potential for significant global expansion. Those seven brands are ARM HAMMER ; OXICLEAN ; TOUCHLAND ; BATISTE ; WATERPIK ; THERABREATH ; and HERO and represent approximately 70% of our net sales and profits. The effectiveness of these brands could suffer if our marketing plans or product initiatives do not have the desired impact on a brand s image or its ability to attract consumers. Our brands could suffer damage to their reputations due to real or perceived, sustainability, quality or safety issues, including as a result of, among other things, significant product recalls, product-related litigation, defects or impurities in our products, product misuse, changing consumer perceptions of certain ingredients or environmental impacts (including packaging, energy and water use and waste management), or allegations of product tampering. In addition, as our sales on various e-commerce platforms grow, we may be unable to prevent sales of counterfeit, pirated, or stolen goods, unlawful or unethical sales, unauthorized resellers online, or sales in violation of our policies. As a result of the decline in market share and a deterioration in the financial performance of our Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements ( VMS ) business, which includes the VITAFUSION and L IL CRITTERS trade names, the Company recorded impairment charges in the third quarter of 2024, and completed the divestiture of the VMS business on December 31, 2025. On May 1, 2025, we announced that we would exit the Flawless, Spinbrush and Waterpik showerhead businesses, which we exited by the end of 2025. Additionally, claims made in our marketing campaigns may become subject to litigation alleging false advertising and could cause us to alter our marketing plans and may affect sales or result in the imposition of significant damages against us. Widespread use of social media and networking sites by consumers has greatly increased the accessibility and speed of dissemination of negative information and misinformation. Negative online consumer reviews or inaccurate posting or comments about us or our brands in the media or on any social networking website, whether accurate or inaccurate, or the disclosure of non-public sensitive information through social media, could generate adverse publicity that could damage the reputation of our brands. In addition, given the association of our individual products with us, an issue with one of our products could negatively affect the reputation of our other products, or us as a whole. In addition, the legal, regulatory and ethical landscape around the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning is rapidly evolving. The Company s ability to timely adopt and adapt to this emerging technology in an effective and ethical manner may impact its reputation and ability to compete, and this technology could be, among other things, false, biased, or inconsistent with the Company s values and strategies. Further, the use of generative artificial intelligence tools may compromise confidential or sensitive information, put the Company s intellectual property at risk, or subject the Company to claims of intellectual property infringement, all of which could damage the Company's reputation. We are subject to risks related to our expansion and international operations that could adversely affect our results of operations. Our ability to continue to grow our sales and profits is dependent on expanding in the locations in which we already do business and entering into new geographic locations, both of which require significant resources and investments which would affect our risk profile. Further, our international operations subject us to risks customarily associated with foreign operations, including: Changing macroeconomic conditions in our markets, including as a result of inflation, interest rates, volatile commodity prices and increases in the cost of raw and packaging materials, labor, energy and logistics, which could impact our manufacturing operations and that of our third-party partners; currency fluctuations; the Russia/Ukraine war and ongoing and new conflicts in the Middle East and increased tensions between China and Taiwan, and political developments in the Middle East, Europe and elsewhere; widespread health emergencies, such as COVID-19 or other pandemics or epidemics; 20 import and export license and taxation requirements and restrictions; trade restrictions, including local investment or exchange control regulations, increased tariffs or other changes to economic and trade policies in the U.S. or abroad, including tariffs imposed in response to the economic policies of the U.S.; changes in tariffs and taxes; the effect of foreign income taxes, value-added taxes and withholding taxes, including the inability to recover amounts owed to us by foreign governments, and the determination of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the I.R.S. ) regarding the applicability of certain regulations, including those promulgated under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, to our international transactions; the possibility of expropriation, confiscatory taxation or price controls; restrictions on or the costs related to repatriating foreign profits back to the U.S.; political or economic instability, and civil unrest; potential disruption from wars and military conflicts, terrorism or other types of violence; disruptions in the global transportation network, such as work stoppages, strikes or shutdowns of ports of entry or such other transportation sources, or other labor unrest; extreme weather events resulting in power loss, damage to infrastructure and reduced economic development in vulnerable areas; compliance with laws and regulations concerning ethical business practices, including without limitation, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and United Kingdom Bribery Act; difficulty in enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights; regulatory and quality system requirements for certain products; and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations. Major developments in trade relations, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs or sanctions by the U.S. and/or other countries or other changes put in place by the U.S. presidential administration, and any emerging nationalist trends in specific countries could alter the trade environment and consumer purchasing. All the foregoing risks could have a significant impact on our ability to commercialize our products on a competitive basis in international markets. In addition, in all foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, we are subject to laws and regulations that govern foreign investment, foreign trade and currency exchange transactions. The imposition of tariffs on products imported from certain countries in recent years has introduced greater uncertainty with respect to trade policies and government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries. The sanctions introduced in response to the Ukraine conflict have further exacerbated these issues. Major developments in trade relations, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs by the U.S. and/or other countries, and any emerging nationalist trends in specific countries could alter the trade environment and consumer purchasing behavior which, in turn, could have a material effect on our balance sheet and results of operations. All the foregoing risks could have a significant impact on our ability to commercialize our products on a competitive basis in international markets and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Failure to effectively utilize, successfully assert intellectual property rights, and the loss or expiration of such rights, could materially adversely affect our competitiveness. Infringement by us of third-party intellectual property rights could result in costly litigation and/or the modification or discontinuance of our products. We rely on trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws to protect our intellectual property rights. The market for our products depends to a significant extent upon the value associated with our trademarks and brand names. We own the material trademarks and brand names used in connection with the marketing and distribution of our major products both in the U.S. and in other countries. While we hold several valuable patents on our products, they may not serve as an effective barrier to entry for new competitors. Although most of our material intellectual property is registered in the U.S. and in certain foreign countries in which we operate, we cannot be sure that our intellectual property rights will be sufficient or effectively utilized or, if necessary, successfully asserted. There is a risk that we will not be able to obtain and perfect our own intellectual property rights, or, where appropriate, license from others intellectual property rights necessary to support our ability to manufacture, import, export, market and/or sell certain products in certain countries or globally or launch new product. We cannot be sure that these rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged in the future, and we could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions relating to such rights. In addition, even if such rights are obtained in the U.S., the laws of some of the other countries in which our products are or may be manufactured or sold do not protect intellectual property rights to the 21 same extent as the laws of the U.S. If other parties infringe our intellectual property rights, they may dilute the value of our brands in the marketplace, which could diminish the value that consumers associate with our brands and harm our sales. Our failure to perfect, successfully assert or license intellectual property rights could make us less competitive and could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to manufacture, import, export, market and/or sell certain products within certain countries or globally, our operating results, cash flows and our financial condition. In addition, if our products are found to infringe intellectual property rights of others, the owners of those rights could bring legal actions against us claiming substantial damages for past infringement and seeking to enjoin manufacturing, importing, exporting, marketing and/or sale of the affected products in certain countries or globally. If these legal actions are successful, in addition to any potential liability for damages from past infringement, we could be required to obtain a license in order to continue to manufacture, import, export, market and/or sell the affected products, in certain countries or globally potentially adding significant costs. We might not prevail in any action brought against us or we may be unsuccessful in securing any license for continued use and therefore have to discontinue the manufacture, importing, exporting, marketing and/or sale of a product in certain countries or globally. Impairment of our goodwill and other long-lived intangible and tangible assets may result in a reduction in net income. We have a material amount of goodwill, trademarks and other intangible assets, as well as other long-lived tangible assets, which are periodically evaluated for impairment in accordance with current accounting standards. Declines in our profitability and/or estimated cash flows related to specific intangible assets, as well as potential changes in market valuations for similar assets and market discount rates, have resulted in impairment charges from time to time, and may result in future impairment charges. Refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more detailed discussion. 22 Regulatory and Litigation Risks We may be subject to product liability claims, withdrawals or recalls or other legal proceedings and from time to time we are involved in litigation, arbitration or regulatory matters where the outcome is uncertain and which could entail significant expense. From time to time, we are subject to product liability or other product-related claims. We may be required to pay for losses or injuries actually or purportedly caused by our products, including losses or injuries caused by raw materials or other components provided by third party suppliers that are included in our products. Claims could be based on allegations that, among other things, our products contain contaminants, are improperly tested, labeled or designed, or provide inadequate instructions regarding their use or inadequate warnings of potential dangers related to their use. Whether or not successful, product liability claims could result in negative publicity that could harm our sales and operating results and the reputation of our brands. In addition, if one of our products is found to be defective or non-compliant with applicable rules or regulations, we could be required to withdraw or recall it, which could result in adverse publicity and significant expenses. Although we maintain product liability and product recall insurance coverage, potential product liability or other product-related damages claims and/or withdrawal and recall costs may exceed the amount of insurance coverage or may be excluded under the terms of the policy. Litigation, arbitration or regulatory matters where the outcome is uncertain could entail significant expense. From time to time, we are the subject of, or party to, various pending or threatened legal actions (including class actions), government investigations and proceedings, including, without limitation, those with allegations relating to commercial transactions, product liability, ingredients, consumer, employment, antitrust, environmental, health, safety and compliance-related matters. Such proceedings are subject to many uncertainties and the outcome of certain pending or threatened legal actions, investigations and proceedings may not be reasonably predictable and any related damages, injunctions and/or settlements may not be estimable. Environmental matters create potential liability risks. We must comply with various environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including those relating to the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and the remediation of contamination associated with the use and disposal of hazardous substances. A release of such substances due to an accident or intentional act could result in substantial liability to governmental authorities or to third parties. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in complying with environmental laws and regulations. Changing focus and sensitivity by governmental, non-governmental organizations, customers, consumers and investors to sustainability issues, including those related to climate resilience, plastic usage and ingredients, could result in increased operating or manufacturing costs and compliance challenges, which could adversely affect our business. As climate resilience and other sustainability issues became more prominent in recent years, so has scrutiny by federal, state and local governments, non-governmental organizations and our customers, consumers and investors. This has resulted in new regulatory requirements such as various state-level Extended Producer Responsibility programs, California s climate reporting legislation, the European Union s ( EU ) Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive ( CSRD ) and customer and consumer standards, as well as regulatory actions and executive orders issued by the current U.S. presidential administration that have targeted these areas. In addition, our stakeholders may continue to demand transparency regarding our diversity and inclusion efforts and they may receive scrutiny from U.S. regulators, investors and policy groups in connection with the new presidential administration s priorities, and certain stakeholders have expressed negative sentiment regarding certain corporate sustainability initiatives. Our efforts to manage environmental impacts including addressing chemicals of concern and otherwise reducing or mitigating adverse effects on the environment, may not align with the expectations of all stakeholders and could expose us to increased regulatory or legal scrutiny. For example, some of our major customers have requested that we respond to various questionnaires, including the Carbon Disclosure Project ("CDP") integrated corporate questionnaires, and then use our responses and CDP scores regarding climate change, water and forests to evaluate us. Compliance with these requirements, standards and disclosure requests may be challenging and could cause disruptions in the manufacture of our products and/or result in increases in operating costs, and additional legal, compliance and regulatory risks and costs. We may also be required to contribute funds to support recycling and other waste management infrastructure, and/or incur costs associated with making necessary changes to our operations and controlling, assessing and reporting on certain sustainability metrics. These disruptions and additional costs could make our products more costly and less competitive than other products, which would adversely affect our business. Any failure to achieve our sustainability goals or to effectively respond to new or current legal, regulatory or stakeholder sustainability requirements could adversely affect our business and reputation. While we strive to minimize adverse impacts of our global operations, our ability to achieve any stated sustainability goal, target, or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. We could lose revenue if our consumers change brands, major retailers delist our products or our retail customers move business from us because we have not effectively responded 23 to regulatory requirements, complied with their sustainability requirements or met their expectations related to our sustainability efforts, including with respect to climate resilience, plastic usage, or ingredients. In addition, our actual or perceived failure to achieve or make sufficient progress towards our stated sustainability goals or comply with sustainability related regulations could result in litigation, regulatory scrutiny or adverse publicity, which could damage our reputation, reduce consumer demand and devalue our brand equity. Further, sustainability-conscious investors may choose not to invest in our securities if we do not comply with their expectations, and investment managers may not include our securities in sustainability-designated funds. These areas have become increasingly politicized, and our efforts to address the concerns of some stakeholders could cause adverse impact to our relationships with other stakeholders. Current and future laws and regulations in the countries in which we and our suppliers operate could expose us to increased costs and other adverse consequences. The development, manufacturing, processing, formulation (including stability), packaging, labeling, marketing, distribution and sale of our products are subject to regulation by federal agencies, including the U.S. FDA, the FTC, the EPA and the CPSC and foreign regulators and agencies. In addition, our and our suppliers operations are subject to the oversight of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the National Labor Relations Board. Our activities are also regulated by various agencies of the states, localities and foreign countries in which our products and their constituent materials and components are manufactured and sold. In particular, the FDA and foreign counterparts regulate the formulation, safety, development, manufacturing, packaging, labeling and distribution of condoms, home pregnancy test kits, vaginal lubricants, electric and battery powered medical devices, wound dressings, over-the-counter medicines, homeopathic products and dietary supplements. The FDA or a similar foreign agency also exercises oversight over cosmetic products such as depilatories, hair care and skin care products. In addition, under a memorandum of understanding between the FDA and the FTC, the FTC has jurisdiction over the promotion and advertising of these products, and the FTC regulates the promotion and advertising of our other products as well. As part of its regulatory authority, the FDA may periodically conduct inspections of the physical facilities, machinery, processes and procedures that we and our suppliers use to manufacture regulated products and may identify compliance issues that would require us and our suppliers to make certain changes in our manufacturing facilities and processes. The failure of a facility to be in compliance may lead to regulatory action against the products made in that facility, including seizure, injunction or recall, as well as to possible action against the owner of the facility/manufacturer. We may be required to make additional expenditures to address these issues or possibly stop selling certain products until the compliance issue has been remediated. Likewise, any future determination by the FDA, the EPA or a similar foreign agency, or by us in reviewing our compliance with applicable rules and regulations, that our products or quality systems do not comply with applicable regulations could result in future compliance activities, including product withdrawals or recalls, import detentions, injunctions preventing the shipment of products, or other enforcement actions. For example, the FDA may determine that a particular claim that we use to support the marketing of a product is not substantiated or permissible under products regulatory classification, may not accept the evidence of safety for a new product that we may wish to market, may challenge the safety or effectiveness of existing products based on, among other things, changes in formulations, inadequate stability or shelf-life, consumer complaints, or improper labeling, may take action against our homeopathic products, such as our Zicam products, on the basis that they are unapproved drugs, and may determine that our dietary supplement business manufacturing, packagin