=== IFF_2026-03-18.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 International Flavors Fragrances Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS International Flavors Fragrances Inc. 521 West 57 th Street New York, NY 10019 March 18, 2026 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDER: I am pleased to report that 2025 represented a year of continued progress for IFF, characterized by disciplined execution against clearly defined priorities. In a dynamic operating environment, management remained focused on advancing the Company s strategic agenda, strengthening the balance sheet and delivering on its financial commitments. During the year, we continued to enhance how the Company operates. The implementation of a business-led operating model has strengthened accountability, reinforced customer focus and improved the speed and quality of decision-making, with a clear emphasis on margin improvement, cash generation and execution consistency. Management delivered on full-year guidance across revenue and EBITDA, while reinvesting in the business through productivity initiatives and disciplined cost management. The Company also took deliberate actions to strengthen its financial foundation and further focus the portfolio. We completed the divestitures of Pharma Solutions, Nitrocellulose and Ren Laurent businesses, and announced an agreement to sell the Soy Crush, Concentrates and Lecithin business. In addition, the Company commenced an evaluation of strategic alternatives for the Food Ingredients business as part of an ongoing effort to concentrate resources on core businesses with stronger growth and return characteristics. As a result of these actions, together with disciplined capital allocation, net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA was reduced to approximately 2.6x from 3.8x at the end of 2024.* Consistent with the Company s capital allocation framework which prioritizes balance sheet strength, investment in the business and the return of excess capital to shareholders the Board authorized a $500 million share repurchase program, reflecting improved financial flexibility and confidence in IFF s long-term value creation. During 2025, the Board continued its evolution to ensure it possesses the appropriate mix of skills, experience and independence to oversee the next phase of the Company s transformation. The Board welcomed Virginia Drosos, Paul Fribourg, Richard Mulligan, Jesus Mantas and Brett Icahn, each of whom brings relevant leadership and industry expertise. I would also like to thank Margarita Pal u-Hern ndez and Vincent Intrieri for their dedication and service to the board prior to their departure in October. Additionally, I d like to thank John Ferraro, Mark Costa and Kathryn Boor for their valued contributions, as they will not stand for re-election at the Annual Meeting. As Chair, I remain firmly committed to high standards of governance and robust oversight of strategy, performance and risk. Since assuming this role at the 2025 Annual Shareholder Meeting, my focus has been on ensuring the Board maintains a strong alignment between strategy, execution, performance outcomes and shareholder interests. Looking ahead, the Board and management remain focused on disciplined execution and accountability. With a more focused portfolio, a strengthened balance sheet and a clear capital allocation framework, the Company is entering the next phase of its transformation with well-defined priorities and a continued emphasis on delivering sustainable, long-term shareholder value. In closing, I would like to thank our management team and our colleagues for your commitment every day to improving IFF, and our customers for the confidence and trust you place in us. Finally, to you, our shareholders, thank you for your continued support and confidence. Sincerely, Kevin O Byrne Chair of the Board of Directors * See reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP financial measures in Exhibit A to this Proxy Statement. TABLE OF CONTENTS Cautionary Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 This document includes forward-looking statements under the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company wishes to caution readers that certain important factors may have affected and could in the future affect the Company s actual results and could cause the Company s actual results for subsequent periods to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company. Therefore, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by cautionary statements and risk factor disclosures contained in the Company s Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) filings, including the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 27, 2026 and subsequent filings with the SEC. New risks emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors or to assess the impact of such risks on the Company s business. Accordingly, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. This document also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures; reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are provided in Exhibit A. TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS The Board of Directors (the Board ) of International Flavors Fragrances Inc. ( IFF, the Company, we, us, or our ) has decided to hold the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting of Shareholders or the 2026 Annual Meeting ) exclusively online, via a live audio-only webcast, in order to continue to provide expanded access, improved communication, and cost savings for shareholders. Please be sure to have the 16-digit Control Number we have provided to you to join the meeting. DATE AND TIME Wednesday, April 29, 2026 I 10:00 A.M. Eastern Time LIVE WEBCAST www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/IFF2026 The Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the Company will be held to address the following proposals: 1. Elect ten members of the Board of Directors for a one-year term expiring at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 2. Ratify the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year. 3. Approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers in 2025. Shareholders shall also transact such other business as may properly come before the 2026 Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the 2026 Annual Meeting. Record Date: Shareholders of record at the close of business on March 3, 2026, are entitled to vote and participate in the 2026 Annual Meeting. Sincerely, Brynn Samson I SVP, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary March 18, 2026 Voting Methods: VIA THE INTERNET BY MAIL BY PHONE Visit www.proxyvote.com and follow instructions. Complete, sign, date, and return the enclosed proxy card. 1-800-690-6903 I Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 29, 2026: Our Notice Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report are available at www.ProxyVote.com. TO FACILITATE THE TIMELY RECEIPT OF YOUR PROXY, WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO VOTE BY PHONE OR INTERNET TODAY. 521 West 57th Street New York, NY 10019 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary We provide below highlights of certain information in this Proxy Statement. As it is only a summary, please refer to the complete Proxy Statement and our Annual Report for Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2025 ( 2025 Annual Report ) before you vote. 2025 Highlights 2025 Results Net Sales $10.9 B Operating Loss $(382) M Adjusted Operating EBITDA* $2.1 B Diluted EPS $(1.41) Adjusted Diluted EPS* $2.52 Adjusted Diluted EPS ex Amortization* $4.20 * See reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP financial measures in Exhibit A to this Proxy Statement. Corporate Governance Highlights Our commitment to good corporate governance is evidenced by the following best practices: OUR CORPORATE GOVERNANCE POLICIES REFLECT BEST PRACTICES All Directors other than our CEO are Independent Strong Pay-for-Performance Compensation Policies Diverse Board Brings Balance of Skills, Professional Experience and Perspectives Annual Election of All Directors Non-Executive Chair of the Board Leads Board s Independent Oversight No Guaranteed Pay Increases or Equity Awards for Named Executive Officers ( NEOs ) Annual Board and Committee Assessments Formal Board and Executive Succession Planning No Limitation on Shareholder Litigation Rights No Exclusive Forum or Fee-Shifting Provisions Majority Voting and Director Resignation Policy in Uncontested Elections Proxy Access By-Law Provisions Prohibition on Short Sales and Hedging of our Stock by our Employees, Officers and Directors Executives and Directors are Subject to Rigorous Stock Retention Guidelines Extensive Executive Clawback Policy Long Standing Commitment to Sustainability as a Long-Term Value Driver Shareholder Right to Call a Special Meeting IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT i TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Proposals and Board Recommendations Proposal 1 Election of 10 Director Nominees The Board recommends a vote FOR the election of all Director Nominees Our Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee and our Board have determined that each of the nominees possesses the skills and qualifications to collectively comprise a highly effective Board. See Proposal 1 Election of Directors beginning on page 1 of this Proxy Statement. Director Nominees Committee Membership* Name and Primary Occupation Joined Age Audit Human Capital Compensation Governance Corporate Responsibility Innovation Independent Virginia C. Drosos Former Chief Executive Officer and Director Signet Jewelers Ltd. 2025 63 Chair Paul J. Fribourg Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Continental Grain Company 2025 72 J. Erik Fyrwald Chief Executive Officer IFF 2024 66 Brett Icahn Investor and Portfolio Manager Icahn Capital 2025 46 Cynthia T. Jamison Former Chief Financial Officer AquaSpy Inc. 2025 66 Chair Mehmood Khan Chief Executive Officer Hevolution Foundation 2025 67 Chair Jesus B. Mantas Retired Senior Executive IBM 2025 57 Richard Mulligan Mallinckrodt Professor of Genetics, Emeritus Harvard Medical School 2025 71 Kevin O Byrne Former Chief Financial Officer and Director J Sainsbury plc 2023 61 Dawn C. Willoughby Former Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer The Clorox Company 2023 56 Chair = Financial Expert * The Committee Memberships are expected following the 2026 Annual Meeting. For more details of the Nominees for Director please see page 5 . ii IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Skills and Qualifications Our Board regularly evaluates desired attributes for direction in light of the Company s strategy and needs. Key skills, qualifications and experience currently present on the Board include and which would be reflected if the proposed slate of directors is elected: SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Current or Prior CEO Operations / Manufacturing Consumer Products Innovation / R D Biotech Mergers Acquisitions / Integrations Human Capital Sustainability / Environmental Finance / Accounting ERM / Risk Management International / Emerging Markets Technology / IT Information Security / Cybersecurity Artificial Intelligence / Big Data / Analytics Other Public Board Experience Proposal 2 Ratify the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal Our Board recommends that shareholders vote FOR the ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year. See Proposal 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm beginning on page 29 of this Proxy Statement. Proposal 3 Approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers in 2025 The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal Our Board recommends a vote FOR the advisory vote to approve executive compensation for the 2025 performance year. See Proposal 3 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation on page 49 of this Proxy Statement and Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 32 of this Proxy Statement. IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT iii TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary i Proposal 1 Election of Directors 1 Our Board 1 Director Nomination and Evaluation Process 1 Nominees for Director 5 Corporate Governance 10 Code of Conduct 10 Corporate Governance Guidelines 10 Shareholder Engagement 10 Executive Compensation Engagement and Responsiveness 11 Sustainability 11 Independence of Directors 12 Board Leadership Structure 12 Board Committees 13 Board and Committee Meetings 13 Audit Committee 14 Human Capital Compensation Committee 15 Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee 16 Innovation Committee 17 Board and Committee Assessment Process 18 Succession Planning 18 Risk Management Oversight 18 Related Person Transactions and Other Information 21 Share Retention Policy 22 Equity Grant Policy 23 Policy Regarding Derivatives, Short Sales, Hedging and Pledges 23 Directors Compensation 24 Director Compensation Program 24 2025 Directors Compensation 25 Securities Ownership 27 Directors and Executive Officers 27 5% Shareholders 28 Proposal 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 29 Selection of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 29 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 30 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures for Audit and Permitted Non-Audit Services 30 Audit Committee Report 31 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 32 Performance Stock Units 42 Human Capital Compensation Committee Report 48 Proposal 3 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 49 Executive Compensation 50 Summary Compensation Table 50 2025 All Other Compensation 51 Offer Letters or Employment Arrangements 52 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 54 Equity Compensation Plan Information 55 2025 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 56 2025 Stock Vested 58 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 59 Termination and Change in Control Arrangements 60 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 64 Pay Ratio 66 Pay versus Performance 67 Information About The Meeting 72 Other Matters 76 Proxy Solicitation Costs 76 Shareholder Proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting 76 Shareholder Communications 76 Electronic Delivery 77 Householding 77 Available Information 77 Exhibit A GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliations 78 vi IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Our Board Upon the recommendation of the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee, our Board of Directors ( Board ) has nominated the ten directors, as shown below, for election at the 2026 Annual Meeting, each for a one-year term that expires at the 2027 Annual Meeting: Kevin O Byrne (Chair) Virginia C. Drosos Mehmood Khan Paul J. Fribourg Jesus B. Mantas J. Erik Fyrwald Richard Mulligan Brett Icahn Dawn C. Willoughby Cynthia T. Jamison Each director will serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until a successor is elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier resignation, removal or death. If any of our Board s nominees for director becomes unavailable to serve before the 2026 Annual Meeting, our Board may decrease the number of directors to be elected or designate a substitute nominee for that vacancy. Director Nomination and Evaluation Process Shareholder Nominations and Proxy Access Under our Amended and Restated By-Laws, if a shareholder wishes to submit a director candidate for consideration by the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee, or if a shareholder meeting minimum holding requirements wishes for a director nomination to be included in the Company s proxy statement for an annual meeting pursuant to our proxy access By-Law, the shareholder must deliver or mail notice of the request to the Company s Corporate Secretary, in writing, so that it is received not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the prior year s annual meeting of shareholders. However, if the annual meeting is not within 30 days of the anniversary date of the prior year s annual meeting, such notice must be received by the Corporate Secretary no later than 10 days following the mailing of notice of the annual meeting or public disclosure of the annual meeting date, whichever occurs first. The notice must be accompanied by the information concerning the director candidate and nominating shareholder described in Article I, Section 3 and Section 4 of our By-Laws. In addition, to comply with the universal proxy rules, the shareholder s notice of a director nomination received no later than January 29, 2027, must include any additional information required by Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, and the shareholder must comply with the other requirements set forth under Rule 14a-19. Our proxy access By-Law permits an eligible shareholder (or group of up to 20 eligible shareholders) who owns shares representing at least 3% of our outstanding shares, and has held the shares for at least three years, to nominate and include in our proxy materials for an annual meeting, director candidates constituting up to 20% of our Board. Director Candidate Evaluation and Nomination Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we have at least six but not more than 15 directors. To ensure independence and to provide the breadth of needed expertise and diversity of our Board, the Board periodically reviews its size and makes appropriate adjustments pursuant to our Amended and Restated By-Laws. In addition, our Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee, together with the other Board members, from time to time, as appropriate, identifies the need for new Board members. Board candidates are considered based on various criteria which may change over time as our business evolves and as the composition of the Board changes. At a minimum, our Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee considers the following factors as part of its review of all director candidates and in recommending potential director candidates: judgment, character, expertise, skills and knowledge useful to the oversight of our business; diversity of viewpoints, backgrounds, experiences and other demographics; business or other relevant experience; and IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors the extent to which the interplay of the candidate s expertise, skills, knowledge and experience with that of other Board members will build a Board that is effective, collegial and responsive to our needs and to the requirements and standards of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) and the SEC. In evaluating candidates, the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee seeks input and participation from other Board members and other appropriate sources so that all points of view are considered and the best possible candidates are identified. The Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee may also request other information from any director candidate or a recommending shareholder as specified in our Amended and Restated By-Laws. The Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee may also engage a search firm to assist it in identifying potential candidates and to conduct background checks and other relevant evaluations. Members of the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee and other Board members, as appropriate, interview director candidates, evaluate the director candidates and determine which candidates are to be recommended by the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee to the Board. Our Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee evaluates the suitability of potential candidates recommended by shareholders in the same manner as other candidates recommended to the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee. Director Nominees - Skills, Experience and Tenure We believe that each of our nominees has the experience, skills and qualities to fully perform his or her duties as a director and to contribute to our success. Each of our nominees is being nominated because he or she adheres to the highest standards of personal integrity and possesses excellent interpersonal and communication skills, is highly accomplished in his or her field, has an understanding of the interests and issues that are important to our shareholders and is able to dedicate sufficient time to fulfilling his or her obligations as a director. Our nominees as a group complement each other and each other s respective experiences, skills and qualities. DIRECTOR NOMINEE SKILLS EXPERIENCE MATRIX DIRECTOR Virginia C. Drosos Paul J. Fribourg J. Erik Fyrwald Brett Icahn Cynthia T. Jamison Mehmood Khan Jesus B. Mantas Richard Mulligan Kevin O Byrne Dawn C. Willoughby DEMOGRAPHIC BACKGROUND Age (As of 3/3/2026) 63 72 66 46 66 67 57 71 61 56 Gender F M M M F M M M M F YEAR JOINED BOARD 2025 2025 2024 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2023 2023 KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS EXPERTISE Current or Prior CEO Operations / Manufacturing Consumer Products Innovation / R D Biotech Mergers Acquisitions / Integrations Human Capital Sustainability / Environmental Finance / Accounting ERM / Risk Management International / Emerging Markets Technology / IT Information Security / Cybersecurity Artificial Intelligence / Big Data / Analytics Other Public Board Experience 2 IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Continuation of the Cooperation Agreement with Icahn Group On November 6, 2023, the Company announced the continuation of a Cooperation Agreement (the Cooperation Agreement ) with Mr. Carl C. Icahn and the persons and entities listed therein (collectively, the Icahn Group ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to renominate one director designated by the Icahn Group and one mutually agreed-upon director to the Board. The Board has agreed to a one-year extension of the Cooperation Agreement in accordance with its termination provisions as described below. Mr. Richard Mulligan has been nominated as part of the Company s slate of nominees for election to the Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting. In connection with his service on the Board, the Board affirmed that Mr. Mulligan qualifies as an independent director under the listing rules of NYSE. So long as Mr. Mulligan is a member of the Board, any Board consideration of appointment and employment of the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer, mergers, acquisitions of material assets, dispositions of material assets, or similar extraordinary transactions, and voting with respect thereto, will take place only at the full Board level or in committees of which Mr. Mulligan is a member. On October 22, 2025, the Company announced that Mr. Mulligan would be appointed to the Board, effective as of October 20, 2025, as the mutually agreed-upon director under the Cooperation Agreement to replace Ms. Margarita Pal u-Hern ndez pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement dated February 1, 2023. Ms. Pal u-Hern ndez stepped down from the Board on October 20, 2025. Under the terms of the Cooperation Agreement, in the event that Mr. Mulligan fails to serve or is not serving as a director (subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Cooperation Agreement), then a replacement independent director who is mutually agreed to by the Board and the Icahn Group shall be nominated to the Board. Such director shall be deemed the Independent Director, as defined in the Cooperation Agreement. Mr. Brett Icahn has been nominated as part of the Company s slate of nominees for election to the Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting. In connection with his service on the Board, the Board affirmed that Mr. Icahn qualifies as an independent director under the listing rules of NYSE. So long as Mr. Icahn is a member of the Board, any Board consideration of appointment and employment of the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer, mergers, acquisitions of material assets, dispositions of material assets, or similar extraordinary transactions, and voting with respect thereto, will take place only at the full Board level or in committees of which Mr. Icahn is a member. On October 22, 2025, the Company announced that Mr. Icahn would be appointed to the Board, effective October 20, 2025, as the Icahn-designated director under the Cooperation Agreement to replace Mr. Vincent Intrieri. Mr. Intrieri stepped down from the Board on October 20, 2025. Under the terms of the Cooperation Agreement, in the event that Mr. Icahn, as the Icahn Group designated director, resigns or for any reason fails to serve or is not serving as a director (subject to exceptions set forth in the Cooperation Agreement) then a replacement designated by the Icahn Group who is reasonably acceptable to the Board shall be added to the Board. The Cooperation Agreement also includes other customary voting, standstill and non-disparagement provisions. The Cooperation Agreement, including the standstill restrictions on the Icahn Group, will terminate upon the later of (x) 35 calendar days before the advance notice deadline for shareholder approvals set forth in the By-Laws of the Company for the Company s 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and (y) the first day on which the Icahn Designee is not a member of the Board. IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Continued Service The Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee annually reviews each Board member s suitability for continued service as a member of our Board and recommends to the Board whether such member should be renominated. In addition, each director is required to promptly tender his or her resignation for consideration to the Chair of the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee if, during his or her tenure as a director, such director: has a material change in employment; or has a significant change in personal circumstances which may adversely affect his or her reputation, or the reputation of the Company; so that the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee can review the change and make a recommendation to the full Board regarding the director s continued service. Such resignation becomes effective only upon acceptance by the Board. In addition, a Director who intends to join the board of directors of another for-profit company shall promptly notify the Chair of the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee in advance of joining such board. The Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee shall evaluate any potential conflicts of interest or reputational risks and may recommend appropriate actions to the Board. Finally, if a Director is an active chief executive officer of another public company, such Director shall not serve on the board of more than two public companies (including IFF), other than the company of which he or she is the chief executive officer. YOUR BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE DIRECTOR NOMINEES 4 IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Nominees for Director Virginia C. Drosos Age: 63 Director Since: 2025 Business Experience Ms. Drosos served as the Chief Executive Officer of Signet Jewelers Ltd. ( Signet ), the world s largest retailer of diamond jewelry, from August 2017 to November 2024. During her tenure, she led Signet through a significant transformation, expanding its digital capabilities and enhancing the customer experience to deliver total shareholder returns more than five times the retail industry average. Prior to her role at Signet, Ms. Drosos was Chief Executive Officer of Assurex Health, Inc. ( Assurex ), where she delivered significant revenue growth and executed the strategic sale of the company. Prior to Assurex, she spent 25 years at The Procter Gamble Company, including as Group President Global Beauty, where she established herself as a transformative leader who led game changing innovation, built multibillion-dollar brands, and reinvented global categories. Ms. Drosos served as a director of Foot Locker, Inc. from 2022 to 2025, Signet Jewelers Ltd. from 2012 to 2024, and American Financial Group, Inc. from 2013 to 2021. Education Ms. Drosos holds a Bachelor of Business Administration from the Terry School, University of Georgia, and a Master of Business Administration from the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania. Qualifications Ms. Drosos brings extensive relevant experience, deep consumer insights and a proven ability to drive innovation and lead with purpose, which aligns with our long-term strategy to deliver sustainable growth and value creation for all stakeholders. She also has significant public company board experience. Paul J. Fribourg Age: 72 Director Since: 2025 Business Experience Mr. Fribourg brings more than four decades of global leadership experience in the agribusiness, food, and investment sectors, and currently serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Continental Grain Company ( Conti ), a position he has held since 1997. He has overseen Conti s transformation into a diversified global investment firm with a focus on food, agriculture, and adjacent industries. Under Mr. Fribourg s leadership, Conti has expanded its portfolio and strategic partnerships across continents, reinforcing its legacy of innovation and resilience. He currently serves on the boards of Loews Corp., a diversified company, with businesses in the insurance, energy, hospitality and packaging industries, since 1997, and Est e Lauder Companies Inc., a global leader in prestige beauty, since 2006. Mr. Fribourg is also the board chair of Continental Grain Company, an agribusiness investment company, since 1976; a board member of Syngenta Group Co. Ltd., a global agricultural technology and innovation company, since 2018; and a board member of Wayne-Sanderson Farms LLC, a poultry producer, since 2011. Education Mr. Fribourg earned a Bachelor of Arts degree, magna cum laude, from Amherst College and completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School. Qualifications Mr. Fribourg brings a strong combination of global market insight and operational excellence. His experience, leadership and vision will help guide the Company through its next phase of growth as it continues to deliver breakthrough solutions for customers and create long-term value for its stakeholders. IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors J. Erik Fyrwald Age: 66 Director Since: 2024 Business Experience Mr. Fyrwald has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors since February 6, 2024. He joined us from Syngenta Group, where he served as Chief Executive Officer since 2016. Prior to his role at Syngenta, Mr. Fyrwald served as Chief Executive Officer of Univar Solutions from May 2012 until May 2016, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Nalco Company from 2008 until 2011, when Nalco merged with Ecolab Inc. Following the merger, he served as President of Ecolab. Mr. Fyrwald began his career at DuPont in 1981. During his 27-years at DuPont, Mr. Fyrwald held a number of positions, including Group Vice President of the Agriculture and Nutrition Division at E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company and Vice President and General Manager of DuPont s Nutrition and Health Business. He serves as a director of Eli Lilly and Company, a pharmaceutical company that develops, manufactures, and sells prescription drugs and other healthcare products, since 2005. Education Mr. Fyrwald attended the University of Delaware, where he received a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering in 1981. He also completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School in 1998. Qualifications Mr. Fyrwald has more than four decades of executive and operational experience driving innovation and profitable, sustainable growth at leading corporations in the nutrition, agriculture and chemicals industries. Brett Icahn Age: 46 Director Since: 2025 Business Experience Mr. Icahn is an investor and portfolio manager at Icahn Capital, a subsidiary of Icahn Enterprises. Icahn Enterprises is a diversified holding company engaged in a wide range of sectors, including investment, automotive, energy, food packaging, real estate, and home fashion. Since October 2020, Mr. Icahn has played a leading role in managing the investment strategy for Icahn Capital. He is currently serving on the boards of SandRidge Energy, Inc., an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the acquisition, development, and production of oil and gas properties, since 2020, and CVR Energy, a diversified holding company that operates in the petroleum refining and marketing, renewable fuels, and nitrogen fertilizer businesses, since 2025. Mr. Icahn was a director of Icahn Enterprises LP, a diversified holding company that owns a variety of subsidiaries operating in different sectors, from 2020 to 2025; Bausch Health Companies Inc., a global diversified pharmaceutical company, from 2021 to 2025; Bausch + Lomb Corporation, an eye health company, from 2022 to 2025; and Dana Inc., an automotive supplier company, from 2022 to 2023 and January 2025 to June 2025. Education Mr. Icahn holds a Bachelor of Arts from Princeton University. Qualifications Mr. Icahn brings a sharp investment acumen and deep understanding of corporate strategy. His experience is very valuable as we enter a new phase of growth and advance strategic priorities. 6 IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Cynthia T. Jamison Age: 66 Director Since: 2025 Business Experience Ms. Jamison had an Executive career as a turnaround Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), she has been the CFO or Chief Operating Officer of several publicly and privately held companies including AquaSpy Inc., a soil diagnostic company, eMac, lnc, a joint venture between McDonald s Corporation and KKR Co. L.P., Cosi, lnc., the casual dining chain, SurePayroll, a payroll processing firm, and Illinois Superconductor, a radio frequency cellular technology company. She also served as a partner with Tatum, LLP from June 1999 to May 2009. From 2006 on, Ms. Jamison was in a Managing Partner role within Tatum, LLP, and served in several additional capacities, including as Managing Partner of the CFO Services practice. Ms. Jamison had previously held Executive/Financial leadership roles at Arthur Andersen, Kraft General Foods, Hewitt Associates, Allied Domecq (Dunkin Donuts/Baskin Robbins) and Chart House Enterprises. She currently serves as Chair of the Board of Darden Restaurants, a hospitality company, and is a Trustee and Chair of the Nominations Governance committee at Save the Children, a leading charity/non-profit organization. Ms. Jamison is a former board Chair of Tractor Supply Company, a retail company, from 2002 to 2023; and a former Board member of ODP Corp from 2013 to 2025 and B G Foods, an American branded foods company, from 2004 to 2015, as well as several others. Education Ms. Jamison earned a B.A. in Political Science and Economics from Duke University and an MBA from the University of Chicago in Finance. Ms. Jamison is also a certified public accountant. Qualifications Ms. Jamison is a skilled Chief Financial Officer with extensive board and finance experience gained during previous executive positions. She served a four-year term on the Financial Accounting Standards Advisory Council from 2018 to 2022. She also holds the following certificates: United States Secret Service Cybersecurity Board Academy, May 2025, and the Oxford Artificial Intelligence Program, January 2026. Mehmood Khan Age: 67 Director Since: 2025 Business Experience Dr. Khan is the CEO of Hevolution Foundation, a first-of-its-kind global non-profit organization with a mission to extend healthy lifespan for people everywhere. He was the Executive Chair of Life Biosciences after serving as the CEO from 2019 until 2024. Prior to this role, Dr. Khan served as PepsiCo s Vice Chairman and Chief Scientific Officer of Global Research and Development. Prior to joining PepsiCo, he was President of Takeda Global Research Development Center, overseeing Takeda Pharmaceuticals Company s worldwide R D efforts. Dr. Khan was also a faculty member at the Mayo Clinic and Mayo Medical School, serving as Director of the Diabetes, Endocrine and Nutritional Trials Unit in the endocrinology division. He also spent nine years leading programs in diabetes, endocrinology, metabolism and nutrition for the Hennepin County Medical Center. Dr. Khan was a director of Reckitt Benckiser, a multinational company that manufactures and markets products for the home, health and personal care, from 2018 to 2025, and CorMedix Inc., a biopharmaceutical company developing and commercializing therapeutic products for the prevention and treatment of infectious and inflammatory diseases, from 2017 to 2020. Education Dr. Khan has a medical degree from the University of Liverpool, is a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians, London and of the American College of Endocrinology, an Elected Fellow in the Department of Pharmacology at University of Oxford and holds two Honorary PhDs in Humanities and International Law. Qualifications Dr. Khan is a highly skilled medical practitioner and researcher with extensive experience in both developing and developed markets. He has a deep knowledge of creating sustainable initiatives and a track record of leading research and development efforts to create breakthrough innovations. IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Jesus B. Mantas Age: 57 Director Since: 2025 Business Experience Mr. Mantas is a senior technology and management consulting executive with broad corporate governance experience. He led the $10B Business Transformation Services unit of IBM Consulting; he also led Strategy, Innovation, M A and other IBM divisions including IBM Global Business Outsourcing, IBM Consulting in Latin America and North America enterprise market during his IBM tenure. Before IBM, he was a Partner in the High Technology practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting. Prior to his move to the USA, he worked for Procter Gamble and served as an officer in the Air Force of Spain. Mr. Mantas currently serves on the boards of Biogen Inc., a leading biotechnology company; and the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD). He also serves in the advisory council of NASDAQ Center for Board Excellence and is a trustee of the J. Patrick McGovern Foundation, the world s foremost philanthropy committed to fund public-purpose, ethical use of Artificial Intelligence. Education Mr. Mantas holds degrees in Telecommunications and Business Administration by Universidad Polit cnica de Madrid. He served as an adjunct professor at the University of California Irvine, and has completed Harvard Business School Corporate Governance. Qualifications Mr. Mantas brings a strong combination of digital innovation, global market insight and operational excellence. His experience, leadership and vision will help guide the Company through its next phase of growth as it continues to deliver breakthrough solutions for customers and create long-term value for its stakeholders. Richard Mulligan Age: 71 Director Since: 2025 Business Experience Dr. Mulligan is currently the Mallinckrodt Professor of Genetics, Emeritus, at Harvard Medical School, and served as Visiting Scientist at the Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) from March 2017 to February 2021. From March 2017 to October 2018, Dr. Mulligan served as Portfolio Manager at Icahn Capital, an investment management firm, and from May 2013 to December 2016, he served as Founding Partner and Senior Managing Director of Sarissa Capital Management LP, a registered investment advisor. From 1996 to 2013, Dr. Mulligan served as the Mallinckrodt Professor of Genetics at Harvard and Director of the Harvard Gene Therapy Initiative. Prior to that, he served as Professor of Molecular Biology at MIT and a member of the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research. He is currently serving on the boards of Sana Biotechnology, Inc., a public biotechnology company, since 2018, and Bausch Health Companies Inc., a public pharmaceutical company, since 2022. He was a director of Biogen Inc., a public biotechnology company, from 2009 to 2023; Enzon Pharmaceuticals, a pharmaceutical company, from 2011 to 2013; and Cellectis SA, is a clinical-stage biotechnology company, from 2007 to 2013. Education Dr. Mulligan received his PhD in Biochemistry from the Stanford University School of Medicine and his B.S. in Biology from MIT. Qualifications Dr. Mulligan offers world-class scientific expertise and a track record of innovation that will be valuable to our Company as we accelerate our transformation and deliver sustainable, long-term value for our customers, shareholders and employees. 8 IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Kevin O Byrne Age: 61 Director Since: 2023 Business Experience Mr. O Byrne served, until March 2023, as Chief Financial Officer and Director of J Sainsbury plc, the second largest retailer in the United Kingdom. He was previously Chief Executive Officer of Poundland Group Plc and held executive roles at Kingfisher Plc, including Divisional CEO UK, China and Turkey, Chief Executive Officer of B Q UK Ireland and Group Finance Director. Prior to this, he was Group Finance Director of Dixons Retail plc and European Finance Director of Quaker Oats. Mr. O Byrne joined the IFF Board in March 2023 and was elected Chair of the Board in May 2025. Mr. O Byrne is also Chair of the Board of Centrica plc, a FTSE-100 listed energy and services company, where he previously was Senior Independent Director and Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee. He has over 35 years of experience on public company boards in the UK, Germany and US, as an executive and non-executive. He was previously Senior Independent Director and Chair of the Audit Committee of Land Securities Group plc. Education Mr. O Byrne holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Studies from Trinity College, Dublin and he has been a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England Wales since 1990. Qualifications Mr. O Byrne is a skilled Chief Financial Officer, and public company board director with extensive international business and finance experience. He applied this knowledge to the Finance, Internal Audit, Investor Relations, Property, Procurement and Strategy functions at Sainsbury s, driving the performance of the business. Dawn C. Willoughby Age: 56 Director Since: 2023 Business Experience Ms. Willoughby served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of The Clorox Company, a manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional products, from 2014 until 2019. She also served as the company s Senior Vice President and General Manager, Clorox Cleaning Division; Vice President and General Manager, Home Care Products; and Vice President and General Manager, Glad Products, along with several other positions since she was initially hired in 2001. Prior to her career at The Clorox Company, Ms. Willoughby spent nine years with The Procter Gamble Company, where she held several positions in sales management. She serves as a director of J.M. Smucker Company, a manufacturer and marketer of branded food and beverage products, since 2017, and TE Connectivity, an engineering, design and manufacturer of sensors and electrical connectivity solutions, since March 2020. Education Ms. Willoughby holds a bachelor s degree in Sports Management from the University of Minnesota and a master s degree in Business Administration from the University of California, Los Angeles Anderson School of Business. Qualifications Through serving in a number of executive positions at the Clorox Company and her deep understanding for the unique needs and expectations of our Company s customers and partners, Ms. Willoughby is highly valuable to our Board and management team. IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Code of Conduct We have adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all of our employees, including our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ), our Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) and our Chief Accounting Officer, as well as our Directors. Additionally, we have adopted a Code of Conduct for Directors and a Code of Conduct for Executive Officers (together with the Code of Ethics, the Codes ). The Codes are available on our website at https://ir.iff.com/governance. Only the Board or the Audit Committee may grant a waiver from any provision of our Codes in favor of a director or executive officer, and any such waiver and any amendments to the Codes will be publicly disclosed on our website, www.iff.com. Corporate Governance Guidelines The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines which set forth our governance principles relating to, among other things: director independence; director qualifications and responsibilities; non-executive Chair appointment and duties; board and committee structure and meetings; management succession; and the CEO evaluation and succession process. The Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee reviews our Corporate Governance Guidelines annually and recommends changes to the Board as appropriate. A copy of our Corporate Governance Guidelines is available through the Investor Governance link on our website, www.iff.com. Shareholder Engagement We regularly engage with our shareholders to better understand their perspectives on our Company, including our strategies, performance, acquisition-related activities, share price development, capital allocation policies and matters of corporate governance and executive compensation, as shown below. This dialogue has helped inform the Board s decision-making and ensures our interests remain well aligned with those of our shareholders. During 2025, we interacted with our largest active shareholders, representing more than two-thirds of our outstanding shares. Feedback from these engagements is shared regularly with the Board and its committees and contributes to the Board s decision-making. 10 IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Engagement and Responsiveness As part of our shareholder engagement, we discuss executive compensation design and pay-for-performance alignment. Feedback received through these discussions and our annual Say on Pay vote is considered by the Human Capital Compensation Committee in its ongoing evaluation of compensation program design and disclosure. In 2025 and early 2026, this review informed enhancements to our disclosure of performance goal setting and our continued emphasis on metrics that support profitable growth, disciplined execution and long-term shareholder alignment. The Human Capital Compensation Committee believes this ongoing dialogue strengthens the alignment between executive compensation outcomes, Company performance and shareholder interests. Who We Engage Institutional Investors Sell Side Analysts Retail Investors Pension Funds Bond Holders Proxy Advisory Firms Rating Agencies How We Engage One-On-One Group Meetings In Person or Virtual Quarterly Earnings Calls Industry Sell Side Presentations Conferences Company Hosted Site Visits Events Written Electronic Communications Who Participates Executive Leadership Investor Relations Senior Leadership Subject Matter Experts Board of Directors Key Topics Financial Updates Business Strategy Current Business Conditions Current Supply Chain Management Sustainability / ESG Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Resources IFF s website: www.iff.com IFF s Investor Relations website: ir.iff.com Annual Report Annual Proxy Statement Annual Meeting Webcasted and public events and presentations SEC filings Sustainability Our approach to sustainability is rooted in our Company s purpose statement and our ongoing commitment to Do More Good for people and planet. This aligns with our Company s strategy for long-term growth and value creation. Through this commitment, we focus on the interconnected pillars of conscious sourcing, partnerships of impact, intentional innovation and operating for the future. Across these four pillars, our Company continued to achieve notable recognitions in 2025. For example, we were recognized in 2025 by EcoVadis, receiving a Gold sustainability rating that places our Company among the top five percent of companies assessed. In addition, we maintained our position as a constituent of the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices, North America, a best-in-class benchmark for investors who recognize that sustainable business practices are critical to generating long-term shareholder value. We continue to support transparency and accountability through our submission to CDP Climate Change, Water Security and Forests, specifically named to CDP s A List for climate change for the tenth time since 2015. Lastly, we continue to be listed in the FTSE4Good Index series as well as being named as one of America s Most Responsible Companies by Newsweek. As part of our continued commitment to transparency and based on feedback from internal and external stakeholders, in 2025, we published our U.S. demographic representation data, or EEO-1 data, along the same categories under which we report to the EEOC. We also published our latest U.S. Consolidated EEO-1 Report that we submitted to the EEOC. This EEO-1 information is available on our website, www.iff.com. Please note that information on or accessible through this website is not part of, or incorporated by reference into, this proxy statement. To provide even greater insight into our representation, we further enhanced our disclosures by including representation data by IFF job category over a three-year period in our annual sustainability report. IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Independence of Directors The Board undertakes an annual review of director independence, which includes a review of each director s relationships with the Company. This review is designed to identify and evaluate, among other things, any transactions or relationships between a director or any member of his or her immediate family and the Company or members of our senior management. The Board has affirmatively determined that each of our directors (other than Mr. Fyrwald, our CEO) meets our independence requirements and those of the NYSE s corporate governance listing standards. In the ordinary course of business, transactions may occur between the Company and entities with which some of our directors or their family members are or have been affiliated. In connection with its evaluation of director independence, our Board reviewed such transactions, and it has determined that these transactions do not impair the independence of the respective director. Board Leadership Structure Since 2022, the roles of Chair and CEO in our Company have been held by different individuals. The Board believes separating the roles of Chair and CEO allows our CEO to focus on developing and implementing the Company s strategic business plans and managing the Company s day-to-day business operations and allows our Chair, as elected by the Board, to lead the Board in its oversight and advisory roles. Because of the many responsibilities of the Board and the significant amount of time and effort required by each of the Chair and the CEO to perform their respective duties, the Company believes that having separate persons in these roles enhances the ability of each to discharge those duties effectively and, as a corollary, enhances the Company s prospects for success. The duties of the Non-Executive Chair provided in the Corporate Governance Guidelines are highlighted below: DUTIES OF NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIR presiding at all meetings of the Board, including executive sessions of the Independent Directors, and providing prompt feedback regarding those meetings to the CEO presiding at all meetings of shareholders providing suggestions for Board meeting agendas, with the involvement of the CEO and input from other Directors serving as the liaison between the CEO, Committee Chairs and the other Directors monitoring significant issues, together with the CEO, occurring between Board meetings and assuring Board involvement when appropriate ensuring, in consultation with the CEO, the adequate and timely exchange of information and supporting data between the Company s management and the Board coordinating periodic Board input and review of management s strategic plan for the Company working with the Chair of each Committee of the Board during the annual review of Committee charters and the implementation and compliance with such Committee charters leading the Board s review of the succession plan for the CEO and other key senior executives helping establish the annual schedule of the Board helping set the tone for the highest standards of ethics and integrity evaluating Board performance on a regular basis 12 IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Board Committees Our Board has an Audit Committee, a Human Capital Compensation Committee, a Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee and an Innovation Committee, each of which operates under a written charter adopted by the Board. Each Committee reviews its charter annually and recommends charter changes to the Board as appropriate. In 2025, each of the Audit Committee, Human Capital Compensation Committee, Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee and Innovation Committee reviewed its charter and amended it where appropriate. Each Committee charter provides that the Committee will annually review its performance, and each Committee reviewed and discussed its performance as required. A current copy of each of the Audit Committee, Human Capital Compensation Committee, Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee and Innovation Committee charters is available through the Investor Governance link on our website, www.iff.com.The table below provides the membership and chair for each of our Committees as of December 2025. Name Audit Human Capital Compensation Governance Corporate Responsibility Innovation Kathryn J. Boor Mark J. Costa Virginia C. Drosos John F. Ferraro Chair Paul J. Fribourg J. Erik Fyrwald Brett Icahn Cynthia T. Jamison Chair Mehmood Khan Chair Jesus B. Mantas Richard Mulligan Kevin O Byrne (Chair of the Board) Dawn C. Willoughby Chair Board and Committee Meetings Our Board held five meetings during 2025. The Audit Committee held eight meetings, the Human Capital Compensation Committee held five meetings, the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee held four meetings, and the Innovation Committee held four meetings during 2025. All directors who served on our Board since the last Annual Meeting (including those who are director nominees) attended at least 75% of the total Board and Committee meetings over periods in which he or she served during 2025. All of our director nominees who were serving on the day of last year s annual meeting of shareholders attended that meeting. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, unless there are mitigating circumstances, such as medical, family or business emergencies, Board members endeavor to participate in all Board meetings and all Committee meetings of which the director is a member and to attend our annual meeting of shareholders. Our non-employee directors, all of whom are currently independent, meet in executive session, without the presence of any corporate officer or member of management, in conjunction with regular meetings of the Board and Committees. IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Audit Committee Members as of December 31, 2025: Cynthia T. Jamison (Chair), Mark J. Costa, Virginia C. Drosos, Brett Icahn, Jesus B. Mantas, Kevin O Byrne Meetings in 2025: 8 Responsibilities The Audit Committee s responsibilities include overseeing and reviewing: the financial reporting process, materiality determinations, and the integrity of our financial statements, capital structure and related financial information; our internal control environment, systems and performance, including cyber and data security; the audit process followed by our independent accountant and our internal auditor; the Company s governance around the use of Artificial Intelligence; the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of our independent accountant and our internal auditor; our independent accountant s and internal auditor s qualifications, performance and independence, and whether our independent accountant and internal auditor should be rotated, considering the advisability and potential impact of selecting a different independent accountant or internal auditor; the procedures for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations and any material litigation and claims; financial risks and corporate tax strategy with the Board and management; the significant enterprise risks and steps taken by management to monitor and mitigate them; updates on quality policies, practices, trends and audits; the establishment, monitoring and review of procedures for the treatment of concerns regarding compliance with our Code of Conduct, accounting, internal accounting controls and auditing matters, including critical audit matters; and all audit and non-audit services performed by our independent accountant. Independence The Board reviewed the background, experience and independence of the current Audit Committee members and based on this review, the Board determined that each member of the Audit Committee: meets the independence requirements of the NYSE s corporate governance listing standards; meets the enhanced independence standards for audit committee members required by the SEC; and is financially literate, knowledgeable and qualified to review financial statements. 14 IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Human Capital Compensation Committee Members as of December 31, 2025: John F. Ferraro (Chair), Mark J. Costa, Virginia C. Drosos, Dawn C. Willoughby Meetings in 2025: 5 Responsibilities The Human Capital Compensation Committee s responsibilities include: recommending the compensation of the CEO for approval by the independent directors of the Board; reviewing and making determinations regarding compensation of executive officers (other than the CEO) and certain other members of senior management; reviewing, adopting and recommending to the Board, or shareholders as required, general compensation and benefits policies, plans and programs, and overseeing the administration of such policies, plans and programs and ensuring that they provide appropriate performance incentives to management; reviewing and approving the peer group companies for the purpose of benchmarking compensation and performance; reviewing and discussing with management each year the Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) included in our annual proxy statement; recommending to the Board any changes to the compensation of non-employee directors; reviewing and approving annually the discretionary equity pool that may be issued by the CEO for off cycle equity grants issued for new hires, promotions and retention; conducting a risk assessment of our overall compensation policies and practices; reviewing succession planning for executive officers (other than the CEO) and certain members of senior management; reviewing and discussing with management key human capital management strategies, plans, policies and programs for talent attraction, retention and learning development, key workforce metrics and engagement; oversight of occupational health and safety standards; and together with legal counsel, oversight of compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to compensation matters, including those issued by or under the Exchange Act, the SEC, the NYSE, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Internal Revenue Code, and other governmental entities or regulatory authorities, including without limitation the authority to review the Company s Policy for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation and to recommend amendments, if any, to the Board for approval and to serve as the Administrator thereunder. Independence The Board reviewed the background, experience and independence of the Human Capital Compensation Committee members and, based on this review, the Board determined that each member of the Human Capital Compensation Committee: meets the independence requirements of the NYSE s corporate governance listing standards; and is a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Role of Compensation Consultant The Human Capital Compensation Committee has the authority to retain compensation consultants or advisors to assist it in fulfilling its responsibilities, including evaluating CEO, executive and non-employee director compensation, and in fulfilling its other responsibilities. In 2025, the Human Capital Compensation Committee directly engaged Frederic W. Cook Co., Inc. ( FW Cook ) as its compensation consultant and affirmatively reviewed and determined that FW Cook qualified as independent. FW Cook s work with the Human Capital Compensation Committee included analyses, advice, guidance and recommendations on executive and non-employee director compensation levels versus peers, market trends, incentive plan designs and pay and performance alignment and other executive compensation practices and policies such as severance arrangements. See also the discussion in our CD A. Human Capital Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, Messrs. Costa and Ferraro, as well as Mses. Drosos and Willoughby served as members of the Human Capital Compensation Committee. None of these current or former directors was, during 2025, an officer, or employee of our Company, or was formerly an officer of our Company. There were no transactions in 2025 between us and any directors who served as Human Capital Compensation members for any part of 2025 that would require disclosure by us of certain relationships and related party transactions. During 2025, none of our executive officers served as a director of another entity whose executive officers served on our Human Capital Compensation Committee, and none of our executive officers served as a member of the compensation committee of another entity, whose executive officers served as a member of our Board. IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee Members as of December 31, 2025: Dawn C. Willoughby (Chair), Kathryn J. Boor, Cynthia T. Jamison, Mehmood Khan, Kevin O Byrne Meetings in 2025: 4 Responsibilities The Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee s responsibilities include: developing and reviewing criteria for the selection of directors, and making recommendations to the Board regarding such criteria; identifying qualified individuals to serve on the Board, reviewing the qualifications of director candidates and recommending to the Board the nominees to be proposed by the Board for election as directors at the annual meeting of shareholders who bring the background, knowledge, experience, skill set and expertise that would strengthen and increase the diversity of the Board; reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding the suitability of directors for continued service, including when a director intends to join the board of directors of another company or in case of a resignation tendered by a director following a change in employment or anticipated board memberships, and making recommendations to the Board with respect to their continued service; reviewing director candidates recommended by shareholders for election; establishing and reviewing policies pertaining to roles, responsibilities, tenure and removal of directors, and reviewing the size of the Board, and the number, responsibilities, membership and Chairs of the Board committees; overseeing CEO succession planning; developing and reviewing the Board and Board committee annual evaluation process; overseeing the annual CEO evaluation process and recommending to the Board the annual performance goals for the CEO; reviewing and recommending changes to our Corporate Governance Guidelines and monitoring corporate governance issues; overseeing policies and plans related to corporate citizenship and philanthropy; conducting a prior review and, if appropriate, approval of transactions with all related parties; overseeing and reviewing the Company s policies, programs and practices on sustainability and corporate responsibility and assessing new opportunities that would support the Company s sustainability and corporate responsibility goals, including those related to environmental stewardship, operational eco-efficiency, climate and water risk strategy, deforestation, human rights, biodiversity and risks associated with responsible sourcing; reviewing and discussing with management the Company s environmental performance including progress toward targets, programs, compliance and regulations, policies and disclosure related to climate change, human rights, deforestation and biodiversity; and reviewing and approving any requests from Named Executive Officers to serve as directors on boards of outside entities. Independence The Board reviewed the background, experience and independence of the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee members and, based on this review, the Board determined that each member of the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee meets the independence requirements of the NYSE s corporate governance listing standards. 16 IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Innovation Committee Members as of December 31, 2025: Mehmood Khan (Chair), Kathryn J. Boor, Virginia C. Drosos, J. Erik Fyrwald, Jesus B. Mantas, Richard Mulligan, Dawn C. Willoughby Meetings in 2025: 4 Responsibilities The Innovation Committee s responsibilities include: reviewing and evaluating the quality, direction and competitiveness of the Company s R D and innovation programs and R D pipeline, and advising the Board regarding the Company s progress in achieving its long-term strategic R D and innovation objectives, with a focus on technology development, product design and sustainable solutions; overseeing the Company s technology and business development activities as they relate to the acquisition or development of new science and technology, providing input on new, innovative business development opportunities and evaluating the soundness and risks of technologies in which the Company is investing its innovation efforts; assisting in identifying significant emerging science and technology issues, policies and trends that may impact the Company s overall R D and business strategy; providing support to the management of the Company to ensure a quality Scientific Advisory Board is in place, if needed; and reviewing the recruitment and retention of scientific talent and matching with new areas of scientific developments and technologies. Independence The members of the Innovation Committee are not required to meet the independence requirements of the NYSE s corporate governance listing standards. IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Board and Committee Assessment Process Each year, the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee leads an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board and each of its committees. Each member of the Board provides their perspectives regarding the effectiveness of the Board, its committees and their leadership, and the dynamics between the Board and management. The evaluation process may be conducted, as determined by the Committee, through an anonymous survey of directors, in-person interviews of directors, or a combination of these approaches. Results of Board and committee self-evaluations are shared with the full Board. As appropriate, these evaluations result in updates or changes to our practices as well as commitments to continue existing practices that our directors believe contribute positively to the effective functioning of our Board and its committees. Succession Planning Our Board recognizes that one of its most important duties is to ensure excellence and continuity in our senior leadership by overseeing the development of executive talent and planning for the effective succession of our CEO and other senior members of executive management. As part of this process, our CEO and our executive officers are required to prepare a detailed development and succession plan for themselves and for their direct reports on an annual basis. The Company s executives regularly attend Board meetings and maintain an ongoing dialogue with Board members, which is critical to the Company s succession planning. The Human Capital Compensation Committee reviews, on an annual basis, potential successors for the Company s executive officers and such other senior management employees as the Human Capital Compensation Committee may determine. In addition, the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee also agrees upon and recommends to the Board a succession plan for our CEO, including in emergency situations. The Chair is responsible for leading the Board s review of the succession plan for the CEO. Our Board is committed to being prepared for a planned or unplanned change in our leadership in order to ensure our stability. Outside the Boardroom As part of the Company s efforts to ensure directors have the necessary resources to fulfill their responsibilities to shareholders, the Company provides continuing education opportunities for directors to stay informed on trends and developments relevant to the Company and our industry. Talent Development The Board recognizes that managing talent and developing employees are essential to driving the Company s innovation-based growth. To support this, members frequently assess leadership, employee morale, and talent development by meeting individually with top managers, attending presentations at Board and Committee sessions, and holding additional discussions before and after these meetings. Shareholder Engagement The Board recognizes the importance of shareholder feedback on all Company matters. To facilitate director access to shareholder perspectives, directors may periodically engage directly with the Company s shareholders. In addition to these direct interactions, the Board receives regular updates from management regarding ongoing engagement initiatives, ensuring continued awareness of shareholder interests and concerns. Director Orientation All new directors participate in a director orientation that includes presentations, and individual meetings with fellow directors, executive leadership team and other key leaders of the Company. This process introduces them to key topics such as the Company s business operations, strategy, internal controls, risk management, compliance, ethics policies, governance, external auditors and advisors, and their securities responsibilities. Continuing Education The Board actively encourages all directors to keep up with emerging trends by participating in director education programs and conferences focused on fiduciary responsibilities, corporate governance, and other subjects relevant to Board activities. The Company reimburses directors for attending these courses and covers reasonable related expenses. Risk Management Oversight Our Board is actively involved in the oversight of risks that could affect our Company and is responsible for overseeing and reviewing with management the Company s enterprise-wide risks and the policies and practices established to manage such risks. It is the responsibility of the CEO and other senior management to manage the Company s day-to-day business risks and its risk management process. We believe this division of responsibility is the most effective approach for addressing risk management. 18 IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Board and Committee Roles in Overseeing Risk The Board exercises its risk oversight function both at the Board level and by delegating to its committees. The Board and its committees focus on operational risk, financial risk, regulatory risk, litigation risk, cybersecurity and information security risk, tax risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, compliance risk, risks from compensation practices as well as our general risk management strategy, and how these risks are being managed. The Board receives updates on the Company s risk through management s Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) program report to the Board, which includes management s approach to mitigating and managing such risks. Such risks include risks related to shareholder activism, cybersecurity breaches, raw material sourcing and availability, facilities and production quality, technology and innovation, geopolitical risk, sustainability and integration/divestiture of business segments. The Board also receives updates on the Company s risk from its committees. Each of the Audit, Governance Corporate Responsibility, Human Capital Compensation and Innovation Committee is responsible for the oversight of risks relevant to its function (as described above) and regularly reports to the Board. The Board believes that its risk oversight structure allows for open communication between the Board, its committees and management. BOARD OF DIRECTORS Oversees and reviews our significant risks Audit Committee Human Capital Compensation Committee Oversees financial risks and the policies and practices established to manage such risks and also oversees and reviews procedures for monitoring compliance with laws and our Code of Conduct Oversees risks associated with compensation policies and practices, our compensation plans (including equity compensation plans), severance, change in control, talent and other employment-related matters Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee Innovation Committee Oversees governance risk, risks related to sustainability and corporate responsibility, and risk related to CEO succession Oversees risks related to R D and innovation programs, emerging science and technology issues and related business opportunities MANAGEMENT Manages our day-to-day business risks and risk management process Cybersecurity We are committed to safeguarding our systems and data through strong governance, robust security practices, and continuous improvement. Cyber risks are integrated into our Enterprise Risk Management program, and we maintain a comprehensive Incident Response Plan to identify, respond to, and recover from potential threats and cyber incidents. Our Chief Information Officer and Chief Information Security Officer oversee our global IT and Information Security programs, which align with the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework and include measures such as network protection, identity and access management, application and data security, and regular employee training. We routinely test and evaluate our controls through internal assessments, third-party reviews, and industry collaboration. The Board of Directors provides oversight, receiving regular updates on cybersecurity incidents, risks, initiatives, and preparedness. To date, cybersecurity incidents have not had a material impact on our operations or financial condition, but we remain vigilant and continue to enhance our defenses as threats evolve. Please see Item 1C (Cybersecurity) in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, for additional details regarding cybersecurity risk management, strategy, governance and incident disclosure. Artificial Intelligence The Company views Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) as vital for innovation and efficiency. By using AI to assist delivery of products, services and operations, we improve customer experience, accelerate development, automate tasks, and lower costs. The Company has an AI Governance Steering Committee that provides strategic alignment, oversight, and direction for responsible AI development and deployment across the Company and an AI Trust Council that provides operational oversight and approval of AI use by implementing governance and managing legal, compliance, privacy, security, and AI strategy implications. IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance In March 2026, we introduced a new AI Policy across our businesses and functions which includes an AI Governance Framework. The AI Policy applies to all IFF employees, contractors, and third parties using, developing or interacting with AI tools and provides for, among other things: Guidelines and principles on the development, procurement and deployment of AI at the Company that include ethical use, transparency, protection of confidential information and personal data, anti-discrimination and anti-bias, human oversight requirement and continuous monitoring. Additional controls and governance processes for AI use cases with elevated risk. Prohibited uses of AI at the Company which include the prohibitions listed in the EU Artificial Intelligence Act (the EU AI Act). Compliance with the Company s legal, regulatory, and security requirements. Procedures for reporting and managing AI-related incidents and policy violations. We use AI, including agentic AI capabilities, to improve productivity, accelerate innovation, and enable faster decision-making by embedding these capabilities into core business processes across functions such as IT, GBS, R D, and Finance. These applications include knowledge discovery, code generation and reformulation. All capabilities are governed responsibly and designed to scale, helping teams work faster, smarter, and with greater impact. The Audit Committee is overseeing and reviewing the Company s governance around the use of AI and the full Board receives quarterly reports on AI as it relates to business strategy and potential uses, risks and mitigation, intellectual property and governance approach. Enterprise Risk Management The Company maintains an ERM program which is designed to identify and assess our global risks and to develop steps to mitigate and manage risks. As part of its risk management practices, the Company under the direction and ownership of the Executive Leadership Team, has established risk champions/ambassadors throughout the organization to identify, assess, map, and mitigate these exposures on a regular basis in discussion with functional risk owners. The Board receives regular reports on the ERM process and the Company s risk mitigation activities, including reports focused on compliance, human capital, cybersecurity and sustainability risks. Compensation Risks In the fourth quarter of 2025, the Human Capital Compensation Committee, working with its independent compensation consultant, conducted a risk assessment of our executive compensation programs. The goal of this assessment was to determine whether the general structure of our executive compensation policies and programs, annual and long-term incentive performance goals or the administration of the programs were likely to pose any material risks to our Company. In addition, with the input from our EVP, Chief People Culture Officer, the Human Capital Compensation Committee reviewed compensation programs and policies below the executive level in a Company-wide risk assessment. The Human Capital Compensation Committee shared the results of this review with our full Board. The Human Capital Compensation Committee determined, based on the reviews of its independent compensation consultant and management s input and other factors, that the compensation policies and practices for the Company s employees in 2025, including the established performance goals and incentive plan structures, did not result in excessive risk taking, and that there are no risks arising from our compensation policies and practices for our employees that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. Human Resources Management Our business is built on our talented employees. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 21,500 employees worldwide, of whom approximately 5,500 are employed in the United States. We continue to invest in our workforce, culture and leadership and development programs to support employee engagement and performance. Culture and Values Our culture is based on our four corporate values of passionate, partners, persistent and principled, and the expression of these values can be seen and felt throughout our history. Our employees appreciate that they contribute to products that touch and enhance the lives of millions of people around the world. IFF strives to have a culture of inclusion and belonging where all employees can thrive. Our programs focus on inclusive talent processes, employee experiences, 20 IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and external engagement. Our robust culture ambassador and colleague community program engage a broad portion of the IFF community in building common identity and shared purpose as well as strengthening engagement and motivation by providing programming on IFF values and recognition of individuals who exemplify them. Leadership and Development Our leadership development efforts empower employees to become forward-looking, inspiring and capable decision-makers, agents of change and great leaders. A full portfolio of proprietary leadership development programs and an overarching talent management system is in place to support growth of leaders and at all levels. To cultivate our employees talent and build sustainable long-lasting careers at IFF, we provide tools that enable our employees to envision their career journeys and facilitate internal mobility. We offer corresponding development opportunities to include specialized courses for employees globally by partnering with leading institutions and universities to help provide the latest training and development offerings at all levels. We also offer our employees an extensive library of on-demand courses and materials on leadership, management and professional skills development. Those learning resources are integrated into our human capital platform, allowing managers and employees to establish digitalized learning plans that are ultimately captured as a part of their employee profile. Further, those offerings complement our talent acquisition strategy and organized and personalized feedback process, supported by industry-leading assessment tools. Occupational Health Safety Employee safety is one of the cornerstones of our business. Our occupational health and safety management system requires and encourages employees and supervised contractors at sites globally to uphold IFF s protocols, report any incidents and suggest improvements that improve the safety of work sites. Our safety management system is based on U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) standards which apply to all our sites in conjunction with any local regulations. We emphasize safety governance (setting and updating comprehensive safety policies and procedures), training (based on IFF policies and local regulatory requirements) and culture (characterized by awareness and communication) to support an injury-free workplace. Related Person Transactions and Other Information Transactions with Related Persons In 2025, there were no transactions and there are no currently proposed transactions in excess of $120,000 in which the Company was or will be a participant and in which any director or executive officer of the Company, any known 5% or greater shareholder of the Company or any immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest as defined in Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Related Person Transactions Policy In accordance with SEC and NYSE rules, our Board has adopted a written policy for the review and the approval of related person transactions. This policy is available through the Investor Governance link on our website, www.iff.com. Under the policy, a related person is specifically defined as an executive officer, a director, a director nominee, a beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of voting securities, an immediate family member of any of the foregoing, or a controlled entity, which is defined as an entity owned or controlled by any of the foregoing or in which any such person serves as an officer or partner, or together with all of the foregoing persons, owns 5% or more equity interests. The policy defines a related person transaction as a transaction or series of transactions involving a related person and the Company, excluding employment arrangements involving an executive officer or other senior officer or employee of the Company and director compensation arrangements. The policy requires that any such transaction be approved or ratified by the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee. If accounting issues are involved in the transaction, the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee will consult with the Audit Committee if deemed appropriate. Pursuant to the policy, the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee is required to conduct a reasonable prior review of related person transactions required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. The Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee can approve or ratify such transactions and must determine that such transactions are being entered into in good faith and on fair and reasonable terms which are in the best interest of our Company and our shareholders. In determining whether to approve or ratify a transaction, the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee considers the following factors, to the extent relevant: the related person s relationship to the Company and interest in the transaction; the material facts of the transaction; IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance the benefits to the Company; the availability of alternate sources of comparable products or services and the terms of such alternative; and an assessment as to whether the transaction is on terms comparable to the terms available to an unrelated third-party or to employees generally. No related person may participate in the review of a transaction in which he or she may have an interest. In addition, except for non-discretionary contributions made pursuant to our matching contributions program, a charitable contribution by our Company to an organization in which a related person is known to be an officer, director or trustee, is subject to approval by the Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee. In 2025, there were no related person transactions presented under the policy. Rule 10b5-1 Our Insider Trading Policy also includes Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan guidelines that permit our directors, Section 16 Officers and other Company Insiders to adopt Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans (the Rule 10b5-1 ) subject to certain conditions. Among other restrictions, the Rule 10b5-1 Plans may only be adopted or modified, during a trading window, when the person adopts the plan in good faith, is not aware of any material non-public information, and the first trade under the plan does occur until the completion of a cooling off period. During the year ended December 31, 2025, none of our directors or Section 16 officers adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that meet the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) (a 10b5-1 trading arrangement ) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. Non-Rule 10b5-1 Plans are not permitted as per our Insider Trading Policy. Our Insider Trading Policy is filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Share Retention Policy We encourage our executives and directors to own our common stock so that they share the same long-term investment risk as our shareholders. Our Share Retention Policy requires executives and directors to maintain an ongoing and substantial investment in our common stock, yet provides flexibility in personal financial planning. In 2025, the Human Capital Compensation Committee reviewed our Share Retention Policy with input from FW Cook and approved counting unvested time-based RSUs towards the guideline policy for executive officers or directors. The retainer multiples and retention percentages are shown below: Level Base Salary/Cash Retainer Multiple Retention Percent (1) Director 5x 100% CEO 6x 50% Level 13, Level 12 3x 50% Level 11, Level 10 2x 50% Level 9 1x 25% (1) Retention Percent applies if the Covered Employee has not met the ownership guideline as of the Determination Date and applies to Net Shares acquired after the Determination Date If an executive or director does not meet the targeted ownership level, the executive or director may not sell or transfer any IFF shares held in an equity, a deferred compensation or a retirement plan account provided by the Company, and the executive or director must retain such shares in such accounts until the targeted ownership level is met, except as approved by the Human Capital Compensation Committee. For executives, if their targeted ownership level is not met, the executive is required to retain a portion of any shares of common stock acquired as a result of the vesting of restricted stock or a Restricted Stock Unit ( RSU ) (after payment of any taxes). Unexercised Stock-Settled Appreciation Rights ( SSARs ), unvested performance-based RSU awards do not count towards meeting the ownership guidelines. As of the Share Retention Policy s determination date, all of our named executive officers and directors were in compliance with our Share Retention Policy. Additional detail regarding ownership of our common stock by our executive officers and directors is included in this proxy statement under the heading Securities Ownership of Management, Directors and Certain Other Persons. 22 IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Equity Grant Policy The Human Capital Compensation Committee has adopted an Equity Grant Policy with respect to the issuance of equity awards under our equity plans. Under the Equity Grant Policy, the Human Capital Compensation Committee approves all equity awards to our executive officers (other than our CEO) and certain other members of senior management, and our Board approves all equity awards to our CEO and to our non-employee directors. The same Committee approves the performance metrics and goals for our Performance Stock Unit (PSU) Award at its regularly scheduled meeting in late February/early March, and the grant date for annual awards to all employees (RSUs and PSUs) is April 1st. The annual awards to our non-employee directors is the date of the Company s annual meeting of shareholders. In addition to the annual grants, equity awards may be granted off-cycle at other times during the year to new hires, for promotions, retention purposes, director appointments or other special circumstances. The Company makes off-cycle grants to new hires on the first day of the month following the date of hire. For 2025 grants, the grant price of equity awards (both RSU and PSU) is the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on the date of the grant. We do not schedule our equity grants in anticipation of the release of material non-public information ( MNPI ) , nor do we time the release of MNPI based upon grant dates of equity nor do we time disclosure of the MNPI for the purposes of affecting the value of executive compensation . Policy Regarding Derivatives, Short Sales, Hedging and Pledges Under our Insider Trading Policy , directors and all employees, including our named executive officers, are prohibited from entering into transactions designed to hedge against economic risks associated with an investment in our common stock. These individuals may not trade in derivatives in our securities (such as put and call options), effect short sales of our common stock, or enter into monetization transactions or similar arrangements (such as prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, collars or exchange funds) relating to our securities. These individuals are also prohibited from holding shares of our common stock in margin accounts or pledging shares of our common stock as collateral for a loan. IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Directors Compensation Director Compensation Program Annual Director Cash and Equity Compensation Cash Retainer Cash fees for 2025 were paid according to the following schedule: Non-Employee Director Annual Retainer $100,000 Non-Executive Chair $ 66,667 Chair Retainer Audit Committee $ 25,000 Chair Retainer Human Capital Compensation Committee $ 20,000 Chair Retainer Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee $ 20,000 Chair Retainer Innovation Committee $ 15,000 Restricted Stock Awards Non-Employee Director Annual Award $200,000 Non-Executive Chair $133,333 Under our non-employee director compensation program, for the service year from the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting ) to the 2026 Annual Meeting, cash retainers were paid in November and the RSUs were granted under our 2021 Amended and Restated Stock Award and Incentive Plan ( 2021 A R SAIP ) on the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting. Participation in our Deferred Compensation Plan Non-employee directors are eligible to participate in our Deferred Compensation Plan ( DCP ). A non-employee director may defer all or a portion of his or her cash compensation as well as any RSUs granted to him or her, subject to tax law requirements. Additional details regarding our DCP may be found in this proxy statement under the heading Executive Compensation Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation. Additional Benefits We reimburse our non-employee directors for all travel and lodging expenses incurred in connection with their attendance at Board and Committee meetings, our shareholder meetings and other Company-related activities. In addition, our directors are eligible to participate in our Matching Gift Program. Under this program, we match, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, contributions made by directors to qualifying charitable organizations up to a maximum of $10,000 per person per year. 24 IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Directors Compensation The following table details the compensation paid to or earned by our non-employee directors for the year ended December 31, 2025. 2025 Directors Compensation Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2)(3)(4) All Other Compensation ($) (5) Total ($) Kathryn J. Boor 100,000 199,997 299,997 Mark J. Costa 100,000 199,997 299,997 Virginia C. Drosos 87,671 175,335 263,006 John F. Ferraro 120,000 199,997 10,000 329,997 Paul J. Fribourg 75,890 151,801 227,691 Brett Icahn 53,151 106,281 159,432 Vincent Intrieri 50,000 199,997 249,997 Cynthia T. Jamison 125,000 199,997 10,000 334,997 Mehmood Khan 115,000 199,997 314,997 Jesus B. Mantas 75,890 151,801 10,000 237,691 Richard Mulligan 53,151 106,281 159,432 Kevin O Byrne 166,667 333,354 7,000 507,021 Margarita Pal u-Hern ndez 50,000 199,997 249,997 Dawn C. Willoughby 120,000 199,997 10,000 329,997 (1) The amounts in this column include (i) the annual cash retainer for service as a non-employee director, and (ii) for certain directors, the annual cash retainer for service as Non-Executive Chair or as Chair of a Committee for the 2025-2026 Board Service Year, which was paid in full in 2025. The pro-rata cash retainer of $87,671 for Ms. Drosos; the pro-rata cash retainer of $75,890 for both Messrs. Fribourg and Mantas; the pro-rata cash retainer of $53,151 for both Messrs. Icahn and Mulligan; and pro-rata cash retainer of $50,000 for both Mr. Intrieri and Pal u-Hern ndez during the 2025-2026 Board Service Year. Of the amounts in this column, the following amounts were deferred in 2025 under our DCP: Ms. Boor $100,000; Mr. Ferraro $120,000; Mr. Fribourg $75,890; Ms. Willoughby $120,000. Earnings in our DCP were not above-market or preferential and thus are not reported in this table. (2) The amounts in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of equity awards granted during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, and vests at the annual meeting in 2026 unless deferred, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Details on and assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value of RSUs may be found in Note 6 to our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 27, 2026. (3) Each director received a grant on May 1, 2025, of 2,569 (FMV $77.85) under our A R 2021 SAIP. None of our directors forfeited any RSUs or shares of deferred stock during 2025. Ms. Drosos, who joined the Board in June 2025, received a pro-rata grant on July 1, 2025, of 2,335 RSUs (FMV $75.09) for her 2025-2026 retainer. Messrs. Fribourg and Mantas, who joined the Board in July 2025, received a prorated grant on September 2, 2025 of 2,281 RSUs (FMV $66.55) for their 2025-2026 retainer. Messrs. Icahn and Mulligan, who joined the Board in October 2025, received a prorated grant on November 1, 2025, of 1,712 RSUs (FVM $62.08) for their 2025-2026 retainer. IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Directors Compensation (4) As of December 31, 2025, the following directors held the number of unvested RSUs and shares of deferred common stock indicated in the table below. Director RSUs Deferred Stock Kathryn J. Boor 2,569 6,154 Mark J. Costa 2,569 Virginia C. Drosos 2,335 John F. Ferraro 2,569 12,959 Paul J. Fribourg 2,281 Brett Icahn 1,712 Vincent Intrieri 2,569 Cynthia T. Jamison 2,569 Mehmood Khan 2,569 Jesus B. Mantas 2,281 Kevin O Byrne 4,282 Margarita Pal u-Hern ndez 2,569 Richard Mulligan 1,712 Dawn C. Willoughby 2,569 3,620 The deferred shares, which are held under the DCP, result from deferral of vested equity grants, voluntary deferral of retainer fees or the crediting of additional stock units as a result of reinvestment of dividend equivalents. Deferred shares will be settled by delivery of common stock upon the director s separation from service on the Board, or as otherwise elected by the director. All of the deferred shares are included for each director in the Beneficial Ownership Table. (5) The amounts in this column are contributions made by us under our Matching Gift Program to eligible charitable organizations matching contributions of the director to those charitable organizations during 2025. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors, officers and beneficial owners of 10% or more of our common shares to file reports with the SEC. We assist our directors and officers by monitoring transactions and completing and filing these reports on their behalf. Based on our records and other information, we believe that during fiscal year ending December 31, 2025, all Section 16(a) filing requirements were complied with, except that each of Mr. Yuvraj Arora, Ms. Deborah Borg, Mr. Michael DeVeau, Mr. Ralf Finzel, Ms. Ana Paula Teles de Mendon a, Mr. Kevin O Byrne, Ms. Margarita Pal u-Hern ndez and Ms. Beril Yildiz filed a Form 4 late, due to delays related to enrollment in the EdgarNext system; and Mr. Andres Muller filed a Form 4 late due to a broker reporting delay. 26 IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Securities Ownership Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 3, 2026, by each current director, each director nominee, the persons named in the Summary Compensation Table in this proxy statement and all current directors and executive officers as a group. To our knowledge, except as otherwise indicated, beneficial ownership includes sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all shares. Name of Director (Current and Former) / Officer Total Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned Shares Owned Directly (1) Options (2) Stock Units (3) Percent of Class** Yuvraj Arora 21,314 13,437 7,877 * Kathryn J. Boor 9,014 255 8,759 * Mark J. Costa 6,583 4,014 2,569 * Carol Anthony (John) Davidson * Michael DeVeau 19,003 10,596 8,407 * Virginia C. Drosos 2,434 99 2,335 * John F. Ferraro 15,603 15,603 * Roger W. Ferguson, Jr. 17,457 26 17,431 * Paul J. Fribourg 2,298,920 (4)(5) 15,450 2,281 * J. Erik Fyrwald 123,304 88,660 34,644 * Christina Gold 14,336 14,336 * Leticia Gon alves Louren o 7,318 7,318 * Brett Icahn 1,712 1,712 * Vincent Intrieri 3,173 604 2,569 * Cynthia T. Jamison 3,173 604 2,569 * Jennifer Johnson 30,958 11,480 15,586 3,892 * Mehmood Khan 3,173 604 2,569 * Jesus B. Mantas 2,281 2,281 * Richard Mulligan 1,712 1,712 * Andres Muller 3,775 1,192 2,583 Kevin O Byrne 27,228 (6) 22,946 4,282 * Margarita Pal u-Hern ndez 4,962 2,393 2,569 * Dawn C. Willoughby 6,644 434 6,210 * All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (28 persons) 2,736,456 (7) 270,189 15,586 169,492 * * Less than 1%. ** Based on 255,437,821 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 3, 2026. (1) This column includes shares held by our executive officers in our 401(k) Retirement Investment Fund Plan. (2) The Company no longer grants options, and there are no unvested option grants outstanding. The options shown above are all fully vested and exercisable. (3) In determining the number and percentage of shares beneficially owned by each person, shares that may be acquired by such person within 60 days after March 3, 2026, are deemed outstanding for purposes of determining the total number of outstanding shares for such person and are not deemed outstanding for such purpose for all other shareholders. Certain stock equivalent units IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Securities Ownership held in the IFF Stock Fund under our DCP are premium stock equivalent units paid to executive officers that are subject to vesting and may be forfeited if the executive officer s employment is terminated. To our knowledge, except as otherwise indicated, beneficial ownership includes sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all shares. (4) Includes 2,280,730 shares of IFF owned indirectly by Mr. Fribourg. The shares are owned directly by Continental Grain Company ( CGC ), and which Mr. Fribourg may be deemed to beneficially own by virtue of his position as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CGC. (5) Includes 459 shares of IFF owned indirectly by irrevocable trusts for which Mr. Fribourg is the sole trustee. (6) Includes common shares of IFF stock owned indirectly by spouse. (7) Includes an aggregate of 42,435 stock equivalent units held in the IFF Stock Fund under the DCP. Includes also an aggregate of 127,057 restricted stock units that will vest within 60 days after March 3, 2026, and 15,586 non-qualified stock options fully exercisable, rounded to the nearest whole share. 5% Shareholders The following table sets forth information regarding each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding common stock, as of March 3, 2026, based on a review of filings with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, beneficial ownership is direct. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Number of Shares and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class* Dodge Cox 555 California Street, 40th Floor San Francisco, CA 94104 35,047,387 (1) 13.70% The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 31,650,913 (2) 12.40% Winder Pte. Ltd. and related persons #19-01A 6 Battery Road Singapore 049909 25,356,381 (3) 9.90% BlackRock, Inc. 55 East 52nd Street New York, NY 10055 17,980,322 (4) 7.00% * Based on 255,437,821 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 3, 2026. (1) This amount is based solely on Amendment No. 2 to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on August 13, 2025, by Dodge Cox. Of these shares, Dodge Cox has the (i) sole power to vote or direct the vote with respect to 33,346,737 of these shares and (ii) sole power to dispose or direct the disposition of 35,047,387 of these shares. (2) This amount is based solely on Amendment No.15 to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 24, 2024, by The Vanguard Group. Of these shares, The Vanguard Group has the (i) sole power to vote or direct the vote with respect to 0 of these shares, (ii) shared power to vote or direct the vote with respect to 317,410 of these shares, (iii) sole power to dispose or direct the disposition of 30,528,847 of these shares, and (iv) shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of 1,122,066 of these shares. (3) This amount is based on Amendment No.10 to Schedule 13G on Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2025, by Winder Pte. Ltd., Winder Investment Anstalt, Winder Anstalt, Freemont Capital Pte. Ltd and Haldor Foundation (Winder Pte. Ltd., Winder Investment Anstalt, Winder Anstalt, Freemont Capital Pte. Ltd and Haldor Foundation, collectively, the Reporting Persons ). (4) This amount is based solely on Amendment No.14 to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on April 24, 2025, by BlackRock, Inc. ( BlackRock ). Of these shares, BlackRock has the (i) sole power to vote or direct the vote with respect to 16,059,862 of these shares and (ii) sole power to dispose or direct the disposition of 17,980,322 of these shares. 28 IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Selection of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors ( Board ) is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of our independent registered public accounting firm. To execute this responsibility, the Audit Committee engages in a comprehensive annual evaluation of the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications, performance and independence to determine whether the independent registered public accounting firm should be rotated, and considers the advisability and potential impact of selecting a different independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has selected PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ) as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026, and our Board has directed that our management submit that selection for ratification by our shareholders at the 2026 Annual Meeting. PwC has been retained as our external auditor continuously since 1957. In connection with the selection of PwC, the Audit Committee annually reviews and negotiates the terms of the engagement letter entered into with PwC. This letter sets forth important terms regarding the scope of the engagement, associated fees, payment terms, responsibilities of each party and the election of the parties to be subject to binding arbitration in the case of any dispute. In accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules and PwC policies, audit partners are subject to rotation requirements to limit the number of consecutive years an individual partner may provide audit service to our Company. For lead and quality review audit partners, the maximum number of consecutive years of service in that capacity is five years. The process for selection of our lead audit partner pursuant to this rotation policy involves a meeting between the Chair of the Audit Committee and the candidate for the role, as well as discussion by the full Audit Committee and management. The Audit Committee and the Board believe that the continued retention of PwC as our independent registered public accounting firm is in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders, and we are asking our shareholders to ratify the selection of PwC as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. Although ratification is not required by our By-Laws or otherwise, we are submitting the selection of PwC to our shareholders for ratification because we value our shareholders views on our Company s independent registered public accounting firm and as a matter of good corporate governance. The Audit Committee will consider the outcome of our shareholders vote in connection with the Audit Committee s selection of our independent registered public accounting firm in the next fiscal year, but is not bound by the shareholders vote. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee may, in its discretion, direct the appointment of a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time if it determines that a change would be in the best interests of our Company and our shareholders. Representatives of PwC are expected to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting, where they will be available to respond to questions and, if they desire, to make a statement. IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Principal Accountant Fees and Services The following table provides detail about fees for professional services rendered by PwC for the years ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. DOLLARS IN MILLIONS 2025 2024 Audit Fees (1) $14.5 $16.4 Audit-Related Fees (2) $ 0.1 $ 8.9 Tax Fees (3) $ 5.5 $ 4.0 Total $20.1 $29.3 (1) Audit Fees were for professional services rendered for audits of our consolidated financial statements including the audit of our internal control over financial reporting, statutory and subsidiary audits, consents and review of reports filed with the SEC. (2) Audit-Related Fees were for services related to audit services performed for carve out entities being sold, agreed upon procedures, and other attestation services. (3) Tax Compliance services consisted of fees primarily related to tax planning and advisory services, tax compliance services, assistance with tax audits and appeals, and transfer pricing services. Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures for Audit and Permitted Non-Audit Services Consistent with requirements of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB ) regarding auditor independence, the Audit Committee has responsibility for: appointing; negotiating and setting the compensation of; and overseeing the performance of the independent registered public accounting firm. In recognition of this responsibility, the Audit Committee has established policies and procedures to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm to our Company by category, including audit-related services, tax services and other permitted non-audit services. Under the policy, the Audit Committee pre-approves all services obtained from our independent registered public accounting firm by category of service, including a review of specific services to be performed, fees expected to be incurred within each category of service and the potential impact of such services on auditor independence. The term of any pre-approval is for the financial year, unless the Audit Committee specifically provides for a different period in the pre-approval. If it becomes necessary to engage the independent registered public accounting firm for additional services not contemplated in the original pre-approval, the Audit Committee requires separate pre-approval before engaging the independent registered public accounting firm. To facilitate the process, the policy delegates pre-approval authority to the Audit Committee Chair to pre-approve services up to $100,000, and the Audit Committee may also delegate authority to one or more of its members to pre-approve services. The Audit Committee member to whom such authority is delegated must report, for informational purposes, any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. All services rendered by PwC to our Company are permissible under applicable laws and regulations. During 2025, all services performed by PwC which were subject to the SEC s pre-approval requirements were approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with the Audit Committee s pre-approval policy in effect during 2026. 30 IFF | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Audit Committee Report The Audit Committee ( we , us or the Committee ) operates in accordance with a written charter, which was adopted by the Board. A copy of that charter is available through the Investor Governance link on the Company s website, www.iff.com. The Committee is composed of six directors whom the Board has determined are independent , as required by the applicable listing standards of the NYSE and the rules of the SEC, and a majority of whom qualify as audit committee financial experts as defined by the rules of the SEC. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process, including internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and p