=== IFF_2026-02-27.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. Risk Factor Summary The following summary highlights some of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. This summary is not complete and the risks summarized below are not the only risks we face. These risks are discussed more fully further below in this section entitled “Risk Factors” in Item 1A. of this report. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: • Consumer demand and preferences, as well as regulatory trends may impact demand for our products, which may have a negative effect on our operating results and future growth. • Our business is highly competitive, and if we are unable to compete effectively our sales and results of operations will suffer. • If we are unable to successfully execute our strategic transformation, or enter into or close collaborations, joint ventures, partnerships, acquisitions, or divestitures, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. • Our performance may be adversely impacted if we are not successful in managing our inventory and/or working capital balances. • Our results of operations may be negatively impacted by the outcome of uncertainties related to legal claims, disputes, investigations and litigation, including the ongoing antitrust and competition investigations and related class action lawsuits. • Trade wars, tariffs, sanctions, geopolitical developments, supply chain disruptions, environmental events, natural disasters, public health and human rights crises, and other events may adversely affect our sourcing of raw materials, and our development, manufacturing, distribution or sale of our products. • Increases in input costs, including raw materials, transportation, and energy, have been exacerbated by recent inflationary pressures. • A significant data breach or other disruption to our information technology systems could disrupt our operations, result in the loss of confidential information or personal data, and adversely impact our reputation, productivity, business or results of operations. • We are exposed to AI-related risks and opportunities that if we fail to properly manage, could result in material liabilities, or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. • The impact of currency fluctuation or devaluation in the international markets in which we operate may negatively affect our results of operations. • International economic, political, legal, compliance and business factors could negatively affect our financial statements, operations and growth. • Our inability to recruit, retain or transition employees could adversely affect our ability to compete and achieve our strategic goals. • Any impairment of our tangible or intangible long-lived assets, including goodwill, may adversely impact our profitability. 10 Table of Contents • We are subject to customer, consumer, shareholder and regulatory focus on sustainability, which may result in additional costs in order to meet new requirements, including adversely affecting our stock price, results of operations and access to capital. • Our ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to certain considerations. • We have a substantial amount of indebtedness that could materially adversely affect, among other things, our financial condition, our ability to return capital to our shareholders, needed investments into our business and our credit ratings. Indebtedness and related covenants could adversely affect our liquidity, flexibility, and cost of capital. • Our funding obligations for our pension and postretirement plans could adversely affect our earnings and cash flows. • A disruption in our manufacturing operations could adversely affect our profitability. • If we are unable to comply with regulatory requirements and industry standards, including those regarding product safety, quality, efficacy and environmental impact, we could incur significant costs and suffer reputational harm which could adversely affect results of operations. • Failure to comply with environmental protection laws may cause us to close, relocate or operate one or more of our plants at reduced production levels, and expose us to civil or criminal liability, which could adversely affect our operating results and future growth. • We could be adversely affected by violations, by us or our counterparties, of U.S. or foreign anti-bribery, international trade, anti-corruption, antitrust or competition laws and regulations, applicable sanctions or employment and human rights or employment regulations. • Our ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. • Changes in our tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation, or changes in existing tax laws could expose us to additional tax liabilities that may affect our future results. • The N&B Transaction could result in significant tax liability, and we may be obligated to indemnify DuPont for any such tax liability imposed on DuPont. • If we fail to comply with data protection laws in the U.S. and abroad, we may be subject to fines, penalties and other costs. Risk Factors We routinely encounter and address risks in conducting our business. Some of these risks may cause our future results to be different - sometimes materially different – than in the past or than we presently anticipate. Below are some of the risks we have identified that could adversely affect our business. How we react to material future developments, as well as how our competitors and customers react to those developments, could also affect our future results. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Consumer demand and preferences, as well as regulatory trends may impact demand for our products, which may have a negative effect on our operating results and future growth. Many of our products are ingredients or components in consumer products which are sold to end-users throughout the world. Demand for such consumer products depends on consumer preferences that are driven by a variety of factors, such as the increasing use of weight management pharmaceutical products, increasing health and wellness awareness, greater transparency in product labeling, and changes in global, regional or local economic conditions (such as inflation, unemployment, salaries and wage rates stagnation, low growth rates, and impacts of supply disruptions, climate events, or geopolitical developments). At the same time, increased regulatory requirements, statements or questions around certain of our products, may result in changes in customer orders or delays in developing, manufacturing or marketing of new or existing products. Moreover, given that the timing or volumes in our customers’ orders are generally at our customers’ discretion, customers may cancel, reduce or postpone orders with us on relatively short notice. These and other consumer and regulatory trends may continue to affect the demand for our products and impact our ability to meet certain productivity levels. If we are unable to anticipate or react to these trends in a timely and cost-effective manner, our productivity, results of operations and future growth may be adversely affected. Our business is highly competitive, and if we are unable to compete effectively, our sales and results of operations will suffer. 11 Table of Contents We face intense global competition from multinational and specialized companies across our product offerings, as well as consumer product companies developing their own alternatives. Competitors may have greater resources, proprietary technologies, or benefit from recent industry consolidation, enabling them to respond more effectively to customer or market demands. As we expand into adjacent markets, such as functional foods and specialty fine ingredients, we encounter additional risks, including price sensitivity and lower margins. Our ability to compete depends on, among other things, innovation, product quality, regulatory compliance, pricing, logistical efficiency, digital proficiency, customer service, and intellectual property protection. Failure to invest in growth, scale new concepts, or adapt to technological advancements could erode our competitive position. Increased competition, including aggressive pricing, may lead to lost sales, margin pressure, and reduced profitability. We may not be in a position to allocate the appropriate level of investment in research and development efforts, due to other macroeconomic pressures, and such investments may not yield expected returns due to poor execution or delays by our customers in launching relevant products, changing consumer trends, or disruptive competitor innovations. These factors are beyond our control and could negatively impact our results of operations. Additionally, a significant portion of our sales comes from a relatively small number of large multinational customers. In 2025, our 25 largest customers, a majority of which were multinational consumer products companies, collectively accounted for approximately 32% of our sales. Multinational customers have been facing their own competitive challenges, such as pressures by new smaller companies and specialty players that cater to or are more adept at adjusting to the latest consumer trends, including towards natural products and clean labels, changes in the retail landscape (including e-commerce and consolidation), and increased competition from private labels, which have resulted and may continue to result in decreased demand for our products. Multinational and increasingly middle market customers also rely on “core lists” of suppliers, requiring more favorable terms for inclusion, such as rebates, which could adversely affect our margins. If we fail to secure or maintain such “core list” status, our sales and margins could be adversely affected. Beyond large multinational customers, our customer base continues to be diverse. Based on fiscal-year 2025 sales, we had approximately 20,000 customers, approximately 69% of which are small and mid-sized companies. This diversity requires ongoing adjustments to product development, manufacturing, distribution, marketing, and infrastructure to support varied go-to-market models. Managing a geographically and operationally diverse portfolio adds complexity, and failure to maintain relationships or gain market share with these customers could adversely affect our growth. If we are unable to successfully execute our strategic transformation, or enter into or close collaborations, joint ventures, partnerships, acquisitions, or divestitures, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. As part of our strategic transformation and portfolio optimization, we have completed several divestitures in recent years and continue to evaluate additional transactions, including strategic alternatives for our Food Ingredients segment. Successfully completing such transactions depends on factors beyond our control, such as industry and macroeconomic conditions, third party interest and financing, underlying asset performance, regulatory approvals, and entanglements with the rest of our businesses. Moreover, such transactions are complex, costly, and time-consuming, and may divert management’s and employees’ attention, lead to significant stranded and separation costs, and dis-synergies, risk of assuming liabilities, failure to meet business case objectives for such transactions, as well as employee turnover, and negative impacts on customer and supplier relationships. Strategic transactions often involve post-closing obligations under supply, manufacturing, licensing, or transitional service agreements that may bind us for extended periods, during which market conditions may change. At the same time, we also continue to pursue collaborations, joint ventures, partnerships, acquisitions to enhance innovation, expand our product portfolio, and support growth, but these transactions also involve significant risks. Negotiating and implementing such arrangements is similarly complex and time-consuming, and we may fail to close deals, agree on favorable terms, or avoid post-closing disputes. Revenue from collaborations depends on our partners’ performance, and these arrangements may not lead to timely or successful product development or commercialization. Acquisitions present additional risks, including integration challenges, failure to achieve anticipated synergies, cost savings, or revenue growth, and exposure to incremental liabilities or contractual obligations to minority investors. We may also incur impairment charges if acquired businesses underperform. Failure to enter into such transactions or complete them on time, manage costs, or negotiate favorable terms could increase expenses, hinder our portfolio strategy, and negatively affect our financial condition. Even when successful, expected benefits may not be realized or may take longer than anticipated, and failure to meet these challenges could materially impact our business and results of operations. Our performance may be adversely impacted if we are not successful in managing our inventory and/or working capital balances. We manage inventory based on shelf life, sourcing levels, and anticipated demand. Effective inventory control is critical to meeting customer needs without incurring excess storage costs. If we fail to accurately forecast customer demand, it may lead 12 Table of Contents to excess or obsolete inventory, requiring markdowns or disposal charges that negatively impact our financial results. Supply chain disruptions and other global risks could also cause raw material shortages and inventory depletion, while excess raw materials with short shelf lives may increase shrinkage risk. If we are not successful in managing our inventory balances, our results of operations and cash flows may be negatively affected. Relatedly, we also sell certain accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis to unrelated financial institutions under “factoring” agreements, some of which are sponsored by certain customers. Should we choose not to participate, or if these programs were no longer available, it could reduce our cash flows from operations in the period in which the arrangement ends. Similarly, our failure to maintain proper control over collection of receivables and payment of payables could similarly impact our cash flows and results of operations. Our results of operations may be negatively impacted by legal claims, disputes, investigations and litigation, including the ongoing antitrust and competition investigations and related class action lawsuits. We are or may be, from time to time, involved in legal claims, regulatory investigations, and litigation, including matters related to competition and antitrust, environmental issues, intellectual property, product liability, personal injury, commercial disputes, employment and labor matters, false or deceptive advertising, and indirect taxes. For instance, product liability claims may arise from supplying ingredients to food, beverage, and personal care industries, while the operation of our facilities may expose us to environmental and personal injury claims, regulatory actions, and fines. Poor results of operations, liquidity or financial condition-particularly as we work towards implementation of our ongoing strategic transformation and our portfolio optimization strategy-may also increase litigation risk. As further described in our consolidated financial statements, we are currently subject to antitrust investigations in a number of countries and class action lawsuits in the U.S. and Canada alleging antitrust violations by us and certain of our competitors. Additional suits and investigations may follow, and outcomes are uncertain. Enforcement actions could result in regulators imposing significant fines, penalties, or business restrictions, adversely affecting results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition, and overall business. Our insurance coverage may be insufficient to protect us from potential material expenses related to pending and future claims and unavailable at reasonable cost in the future. Unfavorable outcomes in these or future matters could materially affect our profitability and financial condition. Trade wars, tariffs, sanctions, geopolitical developments, supply chain disruptions, environmental events, natural disasters, public health or human rights crises, and other events may adversely affect our sourcing of raw materials, and our development, manufacturing, distribution or sale of our products. We operate in a complex global environment and we are exposed, directly or indirectly through our suppliers, to risks, inherent in global development, manufacturing, distribution or sale of goods, including agricultural products. These include trade wars (including tariffs and duties), sanctions, geopolitical developments, supply chain disruptions, environmental events, natural disasters and public health crises, terrorism, industrial accidents, labor disputes, political or economic crises, as well as other external factors over which neither our suppliers nor we have control. Our products depend on a wide range of raw materials sourced globally, such as essential or vegetable oils, botanical extracts, animal products, organic and petroleum-based chemicals. For certain materials, we rely on a limited number of suppliers or regions, making us vulnerable to shortages, delays, and price volatility. Tariffs and trade restrictions, sanctions, and geopolitical tensions (e.g., U.S.-China relations, Russia-Ukraine war, Middle East conflicts), as well as supply chain disruptions, along with energy price fluctuations, may further strain operations and margins. Environmental and climate-related events, including severe weather, droughts, floods, and water scarcity, can also impact crop yields, transportation, and energy costs, increasing sourcing challenges or prices of input costs. Many of our manufacturing and research and development sites are highly specialized, and some are the sole location for producing certain products or uniquely situated to support our innovation efforts, respectively. Disruptions affecting these sites, including due to the risks outlined above, could lead to costly delays, reformulations, or relocation expenses. While we maintain strategic stock levels of certain raw materials and seek alternative sources when needed, these measures may not fully mitigate risks. If we are not able to successfully mitigate such risks, we could experience disruptions in production, which may result in decrease in our gross margin or reduced sales, and have a material adverse effect on our productivity, business, results of operations and financial condition. Increases in input costs, including raw materials, transportation, and energy, have been exacerbated by recent inflationary and tariff pressures. If we are unable to increase the prices of our products to our customers to offset increased input cost trends, or if we are unable to achieve cost savings to offset such cost increases, our profits and operating results could be adversely affected. Our ability to price our products competitively is critical to maintain and grow our sales. However, possible increases in prices of our products to customers or the impact of the broader macroeconomic environment on our customers may continue to lead to declines in demand and sales volumes. We may also be unable to accurately predict or hedge cost fluctuations or anticipate the impact of price increases, while competitors may adapt more effectively. Persistent cost volatility could lead 13 Table of Contents customers to seek alternative suppliers or reformulate products, resulting in long-term sales declines or loss of market share. Additionally, inflationary or deflationary trends may affect the financial health of customers and suppliers, further impacting demand and supply. These factors are beyond our control and may materially affect our business and financial condition. A significant data breach or other disruption to our information technology systems could disrupt our operations, result in the loss of confidential information or personal data, and adversely impact our reputation, productivity, business or results of operations. We rely on information technology systems, including third-party providers, to support critical business processes such as product development, manufacturing, sales, distribution, financial reporting, regulatory compliance, and data storage. To mitigate risks, we maintain an information security program with updated technology, policies, controls, insurance, governance, training, monitoring, and testing. While these measures mitigate cybersecurity risks, potential threats are constantly evolving and becoming more sophisticated, and conducted by a diverse group of actors, such as foreign governments, cyber terrorists, cyber criminals, malicious employees and other insiders and outsiders. The risks and potential threats can take many forms, such as code anomalies, “Acts of God,” data leakage, hardware or software failures, human errors, cyber extortion, password theft or introduction of viruses, malware and ransomware, including through phishing emails. Geopolitical conflicts, such as those in the Middle East and Russia-Ukraine, further heighten cyber risk. A significant IT disruption or breach of our systems or those of our third party providers could result in loss of confidential data, operational downtime, litigation, regulatory penalties, damages, reputational harm, and substantial remediation costs. Increased reliance on cloud computing, AI, and hybrid work arrangements adds complexity and risk, including through unauthorized access or disclosure of personal and proprietary information. Integration of acquired systems and divestitures also create transitional vulnerabilities. Privacy laws such as GDPR and CCPA that allow private actions increase our litigation exposure related to potential cyber incidents. We have experienced threats to our data and our systems and although we have not experienced a material incident to date, there can be no assurance that these measures will prevent or limit the impact of a future incident. Additionally, while we have insurance coverage designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks in place, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise. We are exposed to AI-related risks and opportunities that if we fail to properly manage, could result in material liabilities, or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We have been increasingly using AI tools in our operations, research and development and other areas. Many of our third-party partners also utilize AI tools. We may be exposed to AI-related risks in cases where we, our employees, or our third party partners, in each case whether or not known to us, use AI tools, as well as in cases where we fail to adopt AI tools at a pace or breath as our competitors. The use of AI by us, our employees or any of our third-party partners may create risks, such as unauthorized disclosure of personal data, privacy risks, trade secrets, or confidential information, and potential receipt or use of third-party proprietary data, which could lead to intellectual property loss or disputes. AI may also weaken IP rights, where AI-generated inventions or creations may not be properly attributed to the rightful inventors, potentially resulting in additional disputes over intellectual property ownership and inventorship rights. The use of AI to draft patent applications may lead to inaccuracies or omissions in the applications, potentially resulting in weakened patent protection or possible outright rejection based on intellectual property ownership and inventorship. Separately, analyses, results or business processes relying on AI may also be deficient, inaccurate, or biased and we may fail to identify in a timely fashion or at all, if or to the extent that is the case. Furthermore, as discussed above, AI can amplify cybersecurity and IT risks and introduce compliance challenges as regulations evolve. Such risks may result in loss of confidential information, litigation, regulatory penalties, damages, reputational harm. At the same time, AI is already changing the way we and our competitors do business by, among other things, accelerating research and development, creating efficiencies, improving supply chain, productivity and other processes, customer experience, talent management and decision-making. Any failure to capitalize on the AI benefits to the same degree or with the same speed as our competitors may put us in a disadvantageous position. The impact of currency fluctuation or devaluation in the international markets in which we operate may negatively affect our results of operations. We have significant operations outside the U.S., the results of which are reported in the local currency and then translated into U.S. dollars at applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. The exchange rates between these currencies and the U.S. dollar have fluctuated and will continue to do so in the future, with the fluctuations being particularly pronounced in certain emerging markets. Changes in exchange rates between these local currencies and the U.S. dollar will affect the recorded levels of sales, profitability, assets and/or liabilities. Along with other macroeconomic uncertainty, we have experienced and continue to expect volatility in global foreign currency exchange rates. Changes to interest rate policy as managed by the Federal Reserve Bank or other central banks and potential changes in trade policy may 14 Table of Contents further impact such exchange rates. Further volatility or unfavorable movements in currency exchange rates may adversely impact our financial condition, cash flows or liquidity. Although we employ a variety of techniques to mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations, including sourcing strategies and a limited number of foreign currency hedging activities, we cannot guarantee that such hedging and risk management strategies will be effective, and our results of operations could be adversely affected. International economic, political, legal, compliance and business factors could negatively affect our financial statements, operations and growth. We operate on a global basis, with manufacturing sites, supply arrangements and sales presence in the U.S., Europe, Africa, the Middle East, Latin America, and Greater Asia. We also continue to expand our presence in emerging markets across the world. In 2025, approximately 72% of our combined net sales were to customers outside the U.S., and we intend to continue expansion of our international operations. As a result, our business is increasingly exposed to risks inherent in international operations. These risks, which can vary substantially by location, include the following: • governmental laws, regulations and policies adopted to manage national economic and macroeconomic conditions, such as increases in taxes, austerity measures that may impact consumer spending, monetary policies that may impact inflation rates, employment regulations, currency fluctuations or controls and sustainability of resources; • changes in environmental, health and safety permits or regulations, such as regulations related to biodiversity or the continued implementation and evolution of the European Union’s REACH regulations and similar regulations that are being evaluated and adopted in other markets, or the ban on microplastics recently adopted by the European Commission (“EC”) and the burdens and costs of our compliance with such regulations which may differ significantly across jurisdictions; • increased product labeling and ingredient prohibitions in specific markets that may impact consumer preferences, products costs and/or customer acceptance; • the imposition of or changes in customs, tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, and sanctions on trade with certain countries, imposed by the U.S. or other countries, which could adversely affect our cost or ability to import raw materials or export our products to other markets; • risks and costs arising from our ability to cater to local demand and customer preferences, language and cultural differences; • the movement for increased unionization and collective labor activity in the U.S. and internationally may lead to labor instability, employee turnover, increased labor costs or production and operation disruptions; • changes in the laws and policies that govern foreign investment in the countries in which we operate, including the risk of expropriation or nationalization, the costs and ability to repatriate the profit that we generate in these countries; • risks and costs associated with negative publicity on social media as a result of increased regulatory scrutiny, potential misinformation and/or targeted campaigns; • risks and costs associated with complying with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing laws; • risks and costs associated with complying with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, similar U.S. or foreign anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations, applicable sanctions or competition laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate or ethical business practices and related laws and regulations; • risks and costs associated with political and economic instability, bribery and corruption, anti-American sentiment, and social a

=== IFF_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. Refer to Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” of our 2025 Form 10-K and the information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our other reports and registration statements filed with the SEC. There have been no material changes with respect to the risk factors disclosed in our 2025 Form 10-K. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS. The following information summarizes information with respect to the Company’s purchase of its common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2026, reported on a settlement date basis. Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (1) Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (1) (Dollars in Millions) January 1-31, 2026 171,101 $ 70.11 171,101 $ 450 February 1-28, 2026 131,792 76.88 131,792 440 March 1-31, 2026 178,085 71.85 178,085 427 Total 480,978 $ 72.61 480,978 $ 427 (1) As announced on August 5, 2025, our Board of Directors authorized a repurchase plan of up to $500 million of common stock. The program began on October 1, 2025 and does not have a specified term of termination date. Subject to market conditions, we expect to repurchase all shares under this authorization, in open market or privately negotiated transactions, including pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, and in block trades, or a combination of the foregoing. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans During the quarter ended March 31, 2026, none of our directors or executive officers adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) (a “10b5-1 trading arrangement”) or any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. 10.1 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2025, by and among the Registrant, as borrower, the lenders signatory thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent. 31.1 Certification of J. Erik Fyrwald pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Michael DeVeau pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32 Certification of J. Erik Fyrwald and Michael DeVeau pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extensions Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 37 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Dated: May 5, 2026 By: /s/ J. Erik Fyrwald J. Erik Fyrwald Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: May 5, 2026 By: /s/ Michael DeVeau Michael DeVeau Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Dated: May 5, 2026 By: /s/ Marc Birenkrant Marc Birenkrant Controller & Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 38 