=== BKR_2026-02-05.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock involves various risks. When considering an investment in the Company, one should carefully consider all of the risk factors described below, as well as other information included and incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. There may be additional risks, uncertainties and matters not listed below, that we are unaware of, or that we currently consider immaterial. Any of these may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and, thus, the value of an investment in the Company. OPERATIONAL RISKS We operate in a highly competitive environment, which may adversely affect our ability to succeed. Our investments in new technologies, equipment, and facilities may not provide competitive returns. We operate in a highly competitive environment for marketing our products and services and securing equipment across our portfolio. Our ability to continually provide competitive products and services can impact our ability to defend, maintain or increase prices for our products and services, maintain market share, and negotiate acceptable contract terms with our customers. In order to be competitive, we must provide new and differentiating technologies, reliable products and services that perform as expected and that create value for our customers. We continue to invest in new technologies, equipment, and facilities and to expand our capabilities and technology portfolio to meet the challenges of a net-zero future. These efforts include expanding into new energy areas such as geothermal and CCUS, strengthening our digital architecture and addressing key energy market themes . Our ability to defend, maintain or increase prices for our products and services is in part dependent on the industry's capacity relative to customer demand, on our ability to differentiate the value delivered by our products and services from our competitors' products and services and to provide innovative and competitive products and services to meet our client's evolving needs with respect to new energy areas. Managing development of competitive technology and new product introductions on a forecasted schedule and at a forecasted cost can impact our financial results. If we are unable to continue to develop and produce competitive and innovative technology or deliver it to our clients in a timely and cost-competitive manner in response to changes in the market, customer requirements, competitive pressures, or if competing technology accelerates the obsolescence of any of our products or services, any competitive advantage that we may hold, and in turn, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. We have, and may in the future enter into, agreements with third parties to jointly develop certain technologies which may include financial or other commitments. Under the terms of these agreements, we may agree to share in the associated development and marketing costs for the developed technologies. There can be no assurances that we will be able to successfully develop these technologies in collaboration with these third parties that will adequately meet our customers' needs. Also, there can be no assurances that these joint development agreements will be commercially viable, successful or profitable. As a result, these joint development agreements could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The potential slowdown and shift in the energy transition could have an adverse effect on the demand for our clean energy technologies and services. There is ongoing focus by governments and our customers, investors and other stakeholders on climate change, sustainability, and energy transition matters. However, the pace and direction of the transition to a lower- Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 16 carbon economy has become increasingly uncertain and variable across different regions and markets. Recent developments indicate a potential slowdown in energy transition efforts, with sustained or increased demand for traditional oil and gas in certain markets. These shifts may result from various factors, including changes in government policies and priorities, economic pressures, energy security concerns, and evolving consumer and industrial demand patterns. Such changes could include the delay, modification or reversal of climate change-related regulations and initiatives; slower-than-anticipated adoption of renewable energy technologies; continued or increased reliance on oil and natural gas as primary energy sources; and reduced near-term demand from consumers and industry for lower-emission products and services. Our future success depends on our ability to effectively adapt our business strategy to align with the actual pace and direction of energy transition as it evolves. We have invested in developing innovative technologies and solutions for clean energy applications, including geothermal, CCUS, hydrogen energy, and other integrated solutions. As the energy transition slows and demand shifts back toward traditional oil and gas applications, the market for our clean energy technologies and services may not develop as anticipated, which could adversely affect our revenue from these segments and the return on our investments in clean energy innovation. Additionally, if we have allocated resources away from traditional oil and gas applications in anticipation of a faster energy transition, we may not be positioned to capture opportunities in markets where demand for conventional energy services remains strong or increases. Furthermore, the uncertainty and variability in energy transition timelines across different regions may make it difficult to optimize our portfolio and resource allocation decisions. Our ability to achieve our strategic objectives and financial targets depends on accurately anticipating market demand across both traditional and emerging energy solutions, and a mismatch between our strategic positioning and actual market conditions could materially impact our financial performance and access to capital. Disruptions in our supply chain, the high cost or unavailability of raw materials, equipment, and supplies essential to our business could adversely affect our ability to execute our operations on a timely basis. Our manufacturing operations are dependent on having sufficient raw materials, component parts and manufacturing capacity, including labor, available to meet our manufacturing plans on a timely basis, at a reasonable cost while minimizing inventories. Additional disruptions within our supply chain resulting from factors including, but not limited to, sanctions, tariffs, conflict, inflation, high interest rates, severe weather and natural disasters, and shortages in labor supply, have had and may continue to have an impact on our business and reputation. Many of the raw materials essential to our business require the use of rail, storage, and trucking services to transport the materials to our job sites. These services, particularly during times of high demand, may cause delays in the arrival of or otherwise constrain our supply of raw materials. These constraints could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations. In addition, price increases imposed by our vendors for raw materials and transportation providers used in our business, and the inability to pass these increases through to our customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations. As a result of these or any other factors, our ability to execute our operations on a timely basis, including our ability to meet our manufacturing plans and revenue goals, control costs, and avoid shortages or over-supply of raw materials and component parts, could be adversely affected. The partial or complete loss of GE Vernova or GE Aerospace as suppliers, as well as contracts with our Aero JV with GE Vernova, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We currently have extensive commercial relationships with GE Vernova and GE Aerospace. Although we have long-term contractual frameworks in place with both GE Vernova and GE Aerospace, if either GE Vernova or GE Aerospace were to discontinue or reduce their business with the Company, fail to perform their obligations under existing contracts (such as our long-term supply agreement for heavy-duty gas turbines, the Second Amended and Restated Supply and Technology Development Agreement or the related intellectual property agreements with GE Aerospace) or experience disruptions, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 17 In addition to our contracts and arrangements with GE Aerospace and GE Vernova as direct suppliers, we also have exposure to GE Aerospace and GE Vernova through the Aero JV. The Aero JV is jointly controlled by GE Vernova and us, and as a result, realizing the benefits of this joint venture depends on the continued cooperation between the parties. In addition, the business and financial performance of the Aero JV may be adversely affected if GE Aerospace fails to perform its obligations under its contracts with the Aero JV. We in turn use certain products and services purchased through the Aero JV for the manufacture and maintenance of various end products, and therefore, failure of the Aero JV to perform for any reason could prevent us from fulfilling our contractual obligations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our proposed transaction with Chart creates business, regulatory, and reputational risks. On July 28, 2025, we entered into a merger agreement with Chart, which sets forth the terms of our proposed transaction. The proposed transaction with Chart entails important risks, including, among others: the expected timing and likelihood of completion of the proposed transaction; the timing, receipt and terms and conditions of any required governmental and regulatory clearance of the proposed transaction; the effect of any potential conditions imposed by regulators in connection with the approval of the proposed transaction; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement and the payment of a termination fee; the outcome of any legal proceedings that have been instituted and may in the future be instituted against the parties and others following announcement of the merger agreement and proposed transaction; the inability to consummate the proposed transaction due to the failure to satisfy other conditions to complete the proposed transaction; risks that the proposed transaction disrupts our current plans and operations; the ability to identify and recognize, including on the expected timeline, the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction, including anticipated total shareholder return, revenue and Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization ("EBITDA") expectations and synergies; the amount of the costs, fees, expenses and charges related to the proposed transaction; our ability to successfully integrate Chart into our businesses and related operations, including our associates, and realize expected operations benefits, at the times and to the extent anticipated; the risk that results are different from those contained in forecasts when made; the risk that transaction and/or integration costs or dis-synergies are greater than expected, including as a result of conditions regulators put on any approvals of the proposed transaction; the potential effect of the announcement and/or consummation of the proposed transaction on relationships, including with associates, suppliers and competitors; our ability to maintain our current credit rating; the risk that management's attention is diverted from other matters; risks related to the potential effect of general economic, political and market factors, including changes in the financial markets; the risk of adverse effects on the market price of our or Chart's securities or on our or Chart's operating results for any reason; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement; and other risks described in our filings with the SEC. We may not be able to realize the potential financial or strategic benefits of the transactions we complete, or find suitable target businesses to acquire. From time to time, we have acquired and may in the future acquire or invest in businesses or partnerships that we believe could complement our business or offer growth opportunities. We expect to make additional acquisitions and strategic investments in the future but may not find suitable targets, or we may not be able to consummate such transactions due to, among other things, financial constraints, unfavorable credit markets, commercially unacceptable terms, failure to obtain regulatory approvals, and competitive bid dynamics or other risks, which could harm our operating results. The pursuit and integration of such acquisitions or investments may divert management's attention and cause us to incur various expenses. Acquisitions and investments may not perform as expected, be integrated as successfully as we anticipate or cause us to assume unrecognized or underestimated liabilities. These activities are complex, costly and time-consuming and pose a number of risks. Any delays or issues encountered in these activities could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. We may in the future divest certain product lines that no longer fit our long-term strategies. Divestitures may adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition if we are unable to achieve the anticipated benefits or cost savings from such divestitures, or if we are unable to offset impacts from the loss of revenue associated with the divested product lines. Further, whether such divestitures are ultimately consummated or not, their pendency could have a number of negative effects on our current business, including disrupting our regular operations and increasing our costs. It could also disrupt existing business relationships, make it harder to develop new business relationships, or otherwise negatively impact the way that we operate our business. Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 18 If we do not manage the foregoing risks, the transactions that we complete or are unable to complete may harm our brand and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively and our operations could be adversely affected. Our operations and future success depend on our ability to recruit, train, and retain key personnel. People are a key resource to developing, manufacturing, and delivering our products and providing technical services and solutions to our customers around the world. A competent, well-trained, highly skilled, motivated, and diverse workforce has a positive impact on our ability to attract and retain business. Difficulties in hiring or retaining key employees, or the unexpected loss of experienced employees resulting in the depletion of our institutional knowledge base, could have an adverse impact on our business performance, reputation, financial condition, or results of operations. Additionally, successfully executing organizational change as we restructure the Company, management transitions at leadership levels of the Company, and motivation and retention of key employees is critical to our business success. Factors that may affect our ability to attract and retain sufficient numbers of qualified employees include: employee morale, our brand reputation as an employer of choice, competition from other employers, our location strategy for key roles, investments in technology and systems, and availability of qualified individuals with the desired skills and experiences needed to grow our business. Other factors that have, and could continue to impact our workforce, are: changes to our office environments and the impact this could have on our Company culture, the adoption of new work models, and our requirements and/or expectations about when or how often certain employees work on-site or remotely, which may not meet the expectations of our employees. The implementation of any plan to restructure our corporate organization and operating segments may not achieve the results we anticipate, which could adversely affect our business. From time to time, we will embark upon restructuring activities, whether in response to business operating cycles or for more significant programs of strategic significance (for example, the corporate realignment in 2022 which resulted in a focus on our two operating segments). Restructuring activities may be more costly than anticipated, and could lead to the diversion of management's attention from other business priorities. As a result of these or any other factors, we may not realize the anticipated benefits associated with the restructuring plan. There can be no assurance that the restructuring plan will materially increase our profitability. Even if the restructuring plan generates the benefits that we have anticipated, there may be other unforeseeable and unintended factors or consequences that occur as a result of the restructuring, which could adversely affect our business. Our business could be impacted by both geopolitical and terrorism threats, including armed conflict, in countries where we or our customers do business and our business operations may be impacted by civil unrest and/or government expropriations. Geopolitical and terrorism threats continue to grow in a number of key countries where we currently or may in the future do business. Geopolitical and terrorism threats, including armed conflict among countries, have led to, among other things, a loss of our investment in the country, adverse impact to our employees, and impairment of our or our customers' ability to conduct operations. Further, the broader consequences of geopolitical and terrorism threats, which may include further sanctions that prohibit our ability to do business in specific countries, embargoes, supply chain disruptions, the potential inability to service our remaining performance obligations and potential contractual breaches and litigation, regional instability and geopolitical shifts, and the extent of any such threats effect on our business and results of operations as well as the global economy, cannot be predicted. Certain geopolitical conflicts, such as between Russia and Ukraine, and instability, such as in the Middle East and the current political situation in Venezuela, have had and may continue to have the effect of heightening many other risks disclosed in our public filings, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on regional and global macroeconomic conditions; increased volatility in the price and demand of oil and natural gas, increased exposure to cyber-attacks; limitations in our ability to implement and execute our business strategy; risks to employees and contractors that we have in the region; disruptions in global supply chains; exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; potential nationalizations and assets seizures; constraints or disruption in the capital markets and our sources of liquidity; our potential inability to service our remaining performance obligations and potential contractual breaches and litigation. Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 19 Any such risks may require us to record asset impairments and experience adverse operating impacts which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Control of oil and natural gas reserves by national oil companies may impact the demand for our services and products and create additional risks in our operations . Much of the world's oil and natural gas reserves are controlled by national oil companies. National oil companies may require their contractors to meet local content requirements or other local standards, such as conducting our operations through joint ventures with local partners that could be difficult or undesirable for us to meet. The failure to meet the local content requirements and other local standards may adversely impact our operations in those countries. In addition, our ability to work with national oil companies is subject to our ability to negotiate and agree upon acceptable contract terms. Our operations involve a variety of operating hazards and risks that could cause losses. The products that we manufacture and the services that we provide are complex, and the failure of our equipment to operate properly or to meet specifications may greatly increase our customers' costs. In addition, many of these products are used in inherently hazardous environments across the energy and industrial sectors, including onshore and offshore oil and gas fields, LNG facilities, and other high-pressure or high-temperature applications. These hazards include blowouts, explosions, unplanned or uncontrolled releases, nuclear-related events, fires, collisions, capsizings, and severe weather conditions. We may incur substantial liabilities or losses as a result of these hazards. Our insurance and contractual indemnity protection may not be sufficient or effective to protect us under all circumstances or against all risks. The occurrence of a significant event, against which we were not fully insured or indemnified or the failure of a customer to meet its indemnification obligations to us, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Seasonal and weather conditions could adversely affect demand for our services and operations. Variation from normal weather patterns, such as cooler or warmer summers and winters, can have a significant impact on demand for our services and operations. Adverse weather conditions may interrupt or curtail our operations, or our customers' operations, cause supply disruptions and result in a loss of revenue and damage to our equipment and facilities, which may or may not be insured. Such effects have the potential to affect business continuity and operating results, particularly at facilities in coastal areas or areas prone to chronic water scarcity, and could disrupt our operations or those of our customers or suppliers, including through direct damage to physical assets and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and market volatility. Repercussions of severe or unseasonable weather conditions may include evacuation of personnel and curtailment of services, weather-related damage to offshore drilling rigs resulting in suspension of operations, weather-related damage to our facilities and project work sites, inability to deliver materials to job sites in accordance with contract schedules, decreases in demand for oil and natural gas during unseasonably warm winters, increased insurance premiums and deductibles or a decrease in the availability of coverage in areas subject to severe weather events, and loss of productivity. As a result of the above repercussions or any others, demand for our services and operations may be adversely affected. While we evaluate and incorporate potential ranges of physical risks, it is difficult to predict with certainty the timing, frequency or severity of such events, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. CREDIT AND CUSTOMER CONTRACTING RISKS Providing services on an integrated, turnkey, or fixed price basis could require us to assume additional risks. We may choose to enter into integrated or turnkey contracts with our customers that require us to provide services and equipment outside of our core business. Providing services on an integrated or turnkey basis may also subject us to additional risks, such as costs associated with unexpected delays or difficulties in drilling operations, project management interface risk, risks associated with subcontracting and consortium arrangements, and risks associated with production solutions or guarantees. These integrated or turnkey contracts may be fixed price contracts that do not allow us to recover for cost over-runs unless they are directly caused by the customer. Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 20 We may not be able to satisfy technical requirements, testing requirements or other specifications required under our service contracts and equipment purchase agreements. Our products are used in deepwater, and other harsh environments, and severe service applications. Our contracts with customers and customer requests for bids typically set forth detailed specifications or technical requirements for our products and services, which may also include extensive testing requirements. In addition, scrutiny of the offshore drilling industry and LNG industry has resulted in more stringent technical specifications for our products and more comprehensive testing requirements for our products to ensure compliance with such specifications. We cannot provide assurance that our products, including products supplied through joint ventures or by third parties, will be able to satisfy the specifications necessary in all scenarios or under all operating conditions, nor that we will be able to perform the full-scale testing required to prove that the product specifications are satisfied in future contract bids or under existing contracts, or that the costs of modifications to our products to satisfy the specifications and testing will not adversely affect our results of operations. We sometimes enter into consortium or similar arrangements for certain projects, which could impose additional costs and obligations on us. We sometimes enter into consortium or similar arrangements for certain projects. Under such arrangements, each party is responsible for performing a certain scope of work within the total scope of the contracted work, and the obligations expire when all contractual obligations are completed. The failure or inability, financially or otherwise, of any of the parties to perform their obligations could impose additional costs and obligations on us. These factors could result in unanticipated costs to complete the project, liquidated damages or contract disputes. Our contracts may be terminated early in certain circumstances. Our contracts with customers generally may be terminated by the customer for convenience, default, or extended force majeure (which could include inability to perform due to a pandemic or as a result of civil unrest or armed conflicts). Termination for convenience may require the payment of an early termination fee by the customer, but the early termination fee may not fully compensate us for the loss of the contract. Termination by the customer for default or extended force majeure due to events outside of our control generally will not require the customer to pay an early termination fee. Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected if our customers terminate some of our contracts, and we are unable to secure new contracts on a timely basis and on substantially similar terms, if payments due under our contracts are suspended for an extended period of time, or if a number of our contracts are renegotiated. Our RPO are comprised of unfulfilled customer orders for products and product services (expected life of contract sales for product services). The actual amount and timing of revenues earned may be substantially different than the reported RPO. The total dollar amount of the Company's RPO as of December 31, 2025 was $35.9 billion. The credit risks of having a concentrated customer base in the energy industry could result in losses. Having a concentration of customers in the energy industry may impact our overall exposure to credit risk as our customers may be similarly affected by prolonged changes in economic and industry conditions. Some of our customers may experience extreme financial distress as a result of falling commodity prices and may be forced to seek protection under applicable bankruptcy laws, which may affect our ability to recover any amounts due from such customers. Furthermore, countries that rely heavily upon income from hydrocarbon exports have been and may in the future be negatively and significantly affected by a drop in oil or gas prices, which could affect our ability to collect, timely or at all, from our customers in these countries, particularly national oil companies. Laws in some jurisdictions in which we will operate could make collection difficult or time consuming. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and do not expect to require collateral in support of our trade receivables. While we maintain reserves for potential credit losses, we cannot assure such reserves will be sufficient to meet write-offs of uncollectible receivables or that our losses from such receivables will be consistent with our expectations. Additionally, in the event of a bankruptcy of any of our customers, we may be treated as an unsecured creditor and may collect substantially less, or none, of the amounts owed to us by such customer. Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 21 Our customers' activity levels and spending for our products and services and ability to pay amounts owed us could 

=== BKR_2026-04-24.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As of the date of this filing, the Company and our operations continue to be subject to the risk factors previously discussed in the "Risk Factors" section contained in the 2025 Annual Report. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS The following table contains information about our purchases of our Class A common stock equity securities during the three months ended March 31, 2026. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program (1)(2) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (1)(2) January 1-31, 2026 — $ — — $ 1,348,978,828 February 1-28, 2026 — $ — — $ 1,348,978,828 March 1-31, 2026 — $ — — $ 1,348,978,828 Total — $ — — (1) On July 30, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to $2 billion of its Class A common stock. On October 27, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized an increase to our repurchase program of $2 billion of additional Class A common stock, increasing its existing repurchase authorization of $2 billion to $4 billion. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date. (2) During the three months ended March 31, 2026, we repurchased no shares of Class A common stock in the open market under our publicly announced purchase program. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES We have no mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K to report for the current quarter. Baker Hughes Company 2026 First Quarter Form 10-Q | 36 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Rule 10b5-1 and Non-Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements During the three months ended March 31, 2026, certain of our officers or directors listed below adopted or terminated trading agreements for the sale of shares of Class A common stock in amounts and prices determined in accordance with a formula set forth in each such plan: Plans Name and Title Action Date Rule 10b5-1 (1) Non-Rule 10b5-1 (2) Number of Shares to be Sold Expiration Lorenzo Simonelli , Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Adoption March 11, 2026 X 362,822 Earlier of when all shares under plan are sold and March 11, 2027 Ahmed Moghal , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Adoption March 13, 2026 X 20,000 Earlier of when all shares under plan are sold and March 15, 2027 Ahmed Moghal , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (3) Adoption March 13, 2026 X 3,392 Earlier of when all shares under plan are sold and March 15, 2027 Maria Claudia Borras , Chief Growth & Experience Officer and Interim Executive Vice President, Industrial & Energy Technology Adoption March 12, 2026 X 72,000 Earlier of when all shares under plan are sold and July 31, 2026 Rebecca Charlton , Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Adoption February 24, 2026 X 6,271 (4) Earlier of when all shares under plan are sold and December 15, 2026 (1) Intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) (2) A "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K (3) Reflects a 10b5-1 trading plan adopted by the officer's spouse (4) This figure is an estimation of after-tax sale amounts of vested equity awards based on the Company's best estimates at this time Baker Hughes Company 2026 First Quarter Form 10-Q | 37 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Each exhibit identified below is filed as a part of this report. Exhibits designated with an "*" are filed as an exhibit to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Exhibits designated with an "**" are furnished as an exhibit to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Exhibits designated with a "+" contain schedules that have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, and the Company agrees to furnish a supplemental copy of such schedules to the SEC upon its request. Exhibits previously filed are incorporated by reference. 2.1+ Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 28, 2025, by and among Baker Hughes Company, Tango Merger Sub, Inc. and Chart Industries, Inc. (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Baker Hughes Company filed on July 29, 2025). 4 .1 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 11, 2026, among Baker Hughes Company, Baker Hughes Holdings LLC, Baker Hughes Co-Obligor, Inc., The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as Paying Agent (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Baker Hughes Company filed on March 11,2026). 4 .2 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 11, 2026, among Baker Hughes Company, Baker Hughes Holdings LLC, Baker Hughes Co-Obligor, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Baker Hughes Company filed on March 11, 2026). 10.1 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of August 15, 2025, among Baker Hughes Holdings LLC, as the borrower, Baker Hughes Company, as the parent guarantor, the lenders party thereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by referenced as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Baker Hughes Company filed on August 18, 2025). 1 0.2* Baker Hughes Company Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement dated January 2026. 1 0.3* B a ker Hughes Company Form of Horizon 2 Performance S hare Unit Award Agree ment dated January 2026. 22.1* List of Subsidiary Guarantors of Guaranteed Securities. 31.1* Certification of Lorenzo Simonelli, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31.2* Certification of Ahmed Moghal, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32** Certification of Lorenzo Simonelli, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Ahmed Moghal, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 101.INS* XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH* XBRL Schema Document 101.CAL* XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF* XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB* XBRL Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE* XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 104* Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101) Baker Hughes Company 2026 First Quarter Form 10-Q | 38 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Baker Hughes Company (Registrant) Date: April 24, 2026 By: /s/ AHMED MOGHAL Ahmed Moghal Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: April 24, 2026 By: /s/ REBECCA CHARLTON Rebecca Charlton Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Baker Hughes Company 2026 First Quarter Form 10-Q | 39 