ITEM 1(A). RISK FACTORS The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe could materially adversely affect us. Other risks and uncertainties that we do not presently consider to be material, or of which we are not presently aware, may become important factors that affect us in the future. If any of the risks discussed below actually occur or continue to occur, our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Accordingly, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as other information contained in or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. SUMMARY The following summarizes some of the key risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect us. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. Business and Industry • Global economic, political and financial market events or conditions have at times in the past negatively impacted, and may in the future negatively impact, our business. • Our business is subject to the impact of interest rate and inflation levels and volatility and financial markets volatility, which are caused by conditions that are beyond our control. • Our role in the global financial system positions us at a greater risk for cyberattacks, cyberterrorism and other cybersecurity risks. • We may be at greater risk from terrorism than other companies. • Systems failures in the derivatives and securities trading industry and mortgage technology industry have in the past negatively impacted us, and could in the future negatively impact us. • Owning clearing houses exposes us to risks, including risks related to defaults by clearing members, risks related to investing margin and guaranty funds and the cost of operating the clearing houses. • If the value of collateral held as margin or guaranty fund contributions by our clearing houses declines or a collateral issuer defaults, clearing members may be at risk of defaulting, which could adversely impact our clearing houses. • Owning and operating cash equity and options exchanges exposes us to risks, including the regulatory responsibilities to which these businesses are subject. • Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results. • We may have difficulty executing our growth strategy and maintaining our growth effectively. • We may not be successful in offering new products or technologies or in identifying opportunities. • Climate-related risks pose operational, commercial, reputational, regulatory and financial risks. • We face reputational, regulatory and financial risks related to our ability to respond to diverse stakeholder expectations and requirements on sustainability-related topics, including in connection with a transition to clean and renewable energy. • We have in the past been, and may in the future be, required to recognize impairments of our goodwill, other intangible assets or investments. • Our ownership of a digital currency custody business may introduce additional risks to our business due to its evolving business model. • Pandemics and other public health emergencies could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 19 Legal and Regulatory • Our businesses and those of many of our clients have been and continue to be subject to extensive legislation and regulatory scrutiny, and we face the risk of changes to our regulatory environment and business in the future. • Our compliance and risk management methods, as well as our fulfillment of our regulatory obligations, may not be effective, which could lead to enforcement actions by our regulators or other legal proceedings. • Regulatory developments or court rulings may have an adverse impact on our ability to derive revenue from market and mortgage data and technology and connectivity fees. • Ongoing impacts and uncertainty following the U.K.'s exit from the EU, commonly referred to as Brexit, could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. • Risks relating to the administration of benchmarks and indices, and changes to, cessations of, and the replacement of, or transition from, benchmarks and indices may result in legal risks and could adversely affect our business. • We may face liability for content contained in our data products and services. • We are subject to significant litigation and liability risks, including enforcement actions by our regulators. Operational and Liquidity • Our systems and those of our third-party service providers are vulnerable to cyberattacks, hacking and other cybersecurity risks, which could result in wrongful manipulation, disclosure, destruction, or use of our information or that of a third party, or which could make our customers unable or reluctant to use our electronic platforms or other products and services. • Our business has in the past been, and may in the future be, harmed by computer and communication systems failures and delays. • An interruption or cessation of an important service, data or content supplied by any third party, or the loss of an exclusive license, could have a material adverse effect on our business. • Our emerging technology initiatives under development and the use of artificial intelligence in certain of our existing products may be unsuccessful and may give rise to various risks, which could adversely affect our business, reputation or operating results. • Our success largely depends on key personnel, including our senior management, and having adequate succession plans in place. We may not be able to attract, retain and develop the highly skilled employees we need to support our business, which could harm our business. • We currently have a substantial amount of outstanding indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial condition and operations and restrict our activities or our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations. Competition and Reputational Harm • We face intense competition, and if we fail to keep up with rapid changes in technology and client preferences, it could negatively impact our competitive position. • Damage to our reputation could damage our business. Mergers & Acquisitions and Common Stock • We may fail to realize the anticipated cost savings, growth opportunities and synergies and other benefits anticipated from our past or future acquisitions and strategic investments, which could adversely affect our business and the value of our common stock. • We are a holding company and depend on our subsidiaries for dividends, distributions and other payments. • Provisions of our organizational documents and Delaware law may delay or deter a change of control of ICE. Intellectual Property • Our use of "open source" software could negatively impact our ability to sell our products and services and subject us to litigation. • A failure to protect our intellectual property rights, or allegations that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others, could adversely affect our business. 20 BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY Global economic, political and financial market events or conditions have at times in the past negatively impacted, and may in the future negatively impact, our business. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including recessions, inflated asset prices, inflation, supply chain issues, labor shortages, government shutdowns, currency fluctuations, interest rate changes, increased mortgage foreclosure volume, decreased mortgage origination or servicing volume, geopolitical events or conflicts, political uncertainty and discord, international trade disputes and sanction laws, including changes to international trade policies and tariffs or other protectionist measures, actual or anticipated large-scale defaults or failures or slowdown of global trade and travel have in the past negatively impacted consumer and corporate confidence and resulted in reductions in consumer, government and corporate spending, and could have such effects in the future, and in turn impact our business. If our customers reduce spending, workforce, mortgage origination, mortgage servicing activity or trading activity, or if there is reduced demand for financial and property data as a result of adverse macroeconomic conditions, our revenues could decline. During 2025, macroeconomic conditions, including changes in the interest rate environment, inflation, and increased market volatility, as well as changes in government policies implemented by new political administrations in the United States and in many other non-U.S. jurisdictions abroad, alongside other geopolitical events, such as the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East and the events in Venezuela, and the imposition of sanctions and tariffs, contributed to continued economic and political uncertainty and volatility in global markets. Those factors resulted in a dynamic operating environment and impacted our operations and results. We expect that these impacts may continue in 2026. Moderately higher inflation levels returned in 2025, closely aligned with the imposition of tariffs. In 2025, many of the new political administrations, such as new governments in the U.S. and U.K., adopted domestic growth agendas and implemented new policies aimed at addressing escalating costs of living. Continued inflation resulted in central banks across multiple jurisdictions exercising caution in implementing interest rate reductions. For example, U.S. interest rates were held steady during the first half of the year, with only modest reductions in the second half. In 2026, if inflation and the cost of living continue to increase, central banks may continue to be hesitant to reduce interest rates, which could continue having an adverse effect on revenues for certain portions of our business. Beginning in 2022, the Russia-Ukraine conflict has been a catalyst for an energy crisis in Europe. Government interventions related to the energy crisis resulting from the Russia-Ukraine conflict, such as the Market Correction Mechanism (price cap), sanctions, or interventions that may be proposed in the future related to the Russia-Ukraine conflict or the conflict in the Middle East have had and could in the future have a negative impact on our business. See Item 1 “- Business - Regulation” above for additional information on various legislative proposals in the EU to address high energy prices. In addition, U.S. trade and diplomatic tensions, including trade disputes and tariffs as well as U.S. government policies toward China and Chinese government policies toward the U.S., are likely to impact our existing business and future opportunities. For example, the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or HFCAA, requires the SEC to suspend trading in the U.S. of any company whose accounting firm the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or PCAOB, is unable to inspect or investigate for three consecutive years. In November 2023, following inspections of audit firms for the Chinese and Hong Kong issuers the SEC had previously identified as using non-inspected audit firms, the PCAOB announced settlements related to these inspections, which could lead to fewer Chinese companies listing in the U.S. Moreover, there remains the risk that the SEC may suspend trading of NYSE-listed companies under the HFCAA, which would require us to suspend trading for those companies to comply with U.S. government policies, which could impact our business. Other political developments, including changes in China-Taiwan relations, trade disputes and tariffs on countries such as Canada or Mexico, may also impact our business and future opportunities. The market and mortgage data subscriptions and trading volumes in our markets could decline substantially if our market participants reduce their level of spending or trading activity for any reason, including: • adverse market conditions that curtail the addition of new customers or cause a decrease in purchases by our existing customers for our subscription-based products and services; • weakness in the macroeconomic environment that causes our customers to delay or cancel existing orders or subscriptions; • cost-cutting pressures across the industry or a decrease in demand for our subscription-based products and services that lead to a reduction in price; • consolidation in our markets or the markets of our customers that results in a reduction in the number of market participants; 21 • a reduction in trading demand by customers or a decision to curtail or cease hedging or speculative trading; • regulatory or legislative changes impacting our business, our customers and financial markets; • political uncertainty and discord could negatively impact us if we are viewed as taking a political stance that is contrary to our customers’ beliefs or principles; • the impact of climate-related risks and the impact of, and uncertainty related to, the transition to renewable energy and away from fossil fuels, including regulatory or legislative changes; • a prolonged decrease in volatility in the financial markets; • heightened capital and margin requirements or mandated reductions in leverage resulting from new regulations; • defaults by clearing or exchange members or the inability of participants to pay out contractual obligations; • changes to our contract specifications that are not viewed favorably by our market participants; or • reduced access to, or availability of, capital required to fund trading activities. A reduction in our overall trading volume could render our markets less attractive to market participants as a source of liquidity, which could result in further loss of trading volume and associated transaction-based revenues. A reduction in trading volumes could also result in a corresponding decrease in demand for our market data, which would further reduce our overall revenue. Further, NYSE’s revenue increases when more companies are seeking access to public markets, and on the NYSE specifically. Reduced demand for initial public offerings, or IPOs, as compared to historical levels, an increase in the number of delistings, or issuers choosing to list on venues other than the NYSE, have had, and could continue to have, an adverse effect on our revenues. In addition, adverse conditions in the residential mortgage lending industry, including a substantial or prolonged decline in mortgage lending volume or an increase in mortgage foreclosure volume, have in the past increased our costs or had an adverse effect on our revenues, and may continue to do so in the future. For example, beginning in early 2022, in line with the Federal Reserve raising rates numerous times as part of its anti-inflation strategy, mortgage lending volume decreased substantially. Although this trend has stalled or partially reversed at times in 2023, 2024 and 2025, it could continue in the future, meaning we could see a further decline in mortgage origination volumes. This decrease in lending volume has adversely affected our revenues, in particular those of a transactional nature which are directly connected to the number of loans processed using our technology. Factors that are currently adversely impacting mortgage lending volumes include elevated mortgage interest rates, as well as housing affordability and availability. Additional factors that could now or in the future adversely impact mortgage lending volumes include persistent or increasing housing affordability concerns, reduced consumer and investor demand for mortgages, more stringent underwriting guidelines, decreased liquidity in the secondary mortgage market, high levels of unemployment, high levels of consumer debt, lower consumer confidence, changes in tax and other regulatory policies, the number of existing mortgages eligible for refinancing, and other macroeconomic factors. Although certain of our mortgage technology products, in particular those supporting default management, may see higher demand during times of rising mortgage foreclosure volume, this increase in demand may be outweighed by the impacts of reduced mortgage lending volume and in the aggregate may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. A reduction in mortgage volume could also result in a corresponding decrease in demand for mortgage data products, which would further reduce our revenues. Our business is subject to the impact of interest rate and inflation levels and volatility and financial markets volatility, which are caused by conditions that are beyond our control. Trading volume in our markets and products is largely driven by the degree of volatility - the magnitude and frequency of fluctuations - in prices and levels of the underlying commodities, securities, indices, financial benchmarks or other instruments. Volatility increases the need to hedge price risk and creates opportunities for investment and speculative or arbitrage trading. Were there to be a sustained period of stability in the prices or levels of the underlying commodities, securities, indices, benchmarks or other instruments of our products, we could experience lower trading volumes, slower growth or declines in revenues. In addition, interest rates are a significant factor influencing mortgage loan production volumes and loan foreclosures, as discussed above. Rising or high interest rates generally reduce mortgage loan production volumes and increase loan foreclosures, which has in the past impacted, and could in the future impact, our transaction-based revenues. 22 Increases in inflation in recent years have impacted the credit health of some market participants and increased the risk of default. An inflationary or volatile environment generally reduces consumer optimism and contributes to affordability challenges, resulting in lower demand for mortgage loans. Inflation increased moderately in 2025 and has remained volatile in recent years. Central Banks were hesitant to reduce interest rates, resulting in only moderate interest rate reductions. Higher inflation levels and corresponding periods of prolonged high interest rates could adversely affect our business, including by further increasing the cost of capital, resulting in a slowdown of the growth of early-stage companies, causing companies to stay private longer and potentially creating compliance risk for companies already in the public markets. Factors that are particularly likely to affect price and interest rate levels and volatility, and thus trading and mortgage loan production volumes, include: • global economic and market conditions; • global political conditions; and • concerns over recession, inflated asset prices, inflation, deflation, legislative, regulatory and governmental policy changes, government fiscal and monetary policy, including actions by the Federal Reserve and other foreign monetary units governing bodies, developments related to the U.S. federal debt ceiling, including the possibility of additional government shutdowns, risk of default by the U.S. government on its debt obligations or related credit rating downgrades, and investor and consumer confidence levels. Additional factors that are particularly likely to affect trading volumes include: • weather conditions including hurricanes and other significant events, natural and unnatural disasters like large oil spills that impact the production of commodities and, in the case of energy commodities, production, refining and distribution facilities for oil and natural gas; • war, acts of terrorism and any unforeseen market closures or disruptions in trading; • political developments impacting international trade, including trade disputes and increased tariffs, particularly between the U.S. and China, Canada or Mexico and imposition of protectionist measures; • real and perceived changes in the supply and demand of commodities underlying our products, particularly energy and agricultural products, including changes as a result of technological improvements or the development of alternative energy sources; and • credit quality of market participants, the availability of capital and the levels of assets under management. Any one or more of these or other factors, which are beyond our control, may reduce volumes and trading activity. Further, lower market volatility could also result in more exchanges, including decentralized or over-the-counter markets, competing for trading volumes to maintain their growth. If any of these unfavorable conditions were to persist over a lengthy period of time and trading volumes were to decline substantially and for a long enough period, the critical mass of transaction volume necessary to support viable markets could be jeopardized. Because our cost structure is largely fixed, if demand for our current products and services declines for any reason, we may not be able to adjust our cost structure to counteract the associated decline in revenues, which would cause our net income to decline. Our role in the global financial system positions us at a greater risk for cyberattacks, cyberterrorism and other cybersecurity risks. The cybersecurity threat landscape remains a macro concern for most organizations, and particularly those associated with the U.S. financial infrastructure. We may be more likely than other companies to be a target of cyberattacks and other cybersecurity risks due to our role in the global financial ecosystem and the high-profile nature of many of our businesses that deliver critical services to a broad range of financial market participants. In addition, in recent years, cyberattacks have become more frequent and increasingly sophisticated as malicious actors seek to deploy artificial intelligence, quantum computing or other emerging technologies in their efforts. For a discussion of our cyber risks, see "—Item 1- "Business—Cybersecurity". Our systems and those of our third-party service providers are vulnerable to cyberattacks, hacking and other cybersecurity risks, which could result in wrongful manipulation, disclosure, destruction, or use of our information or that of a third party, or which could make our customers unable or reluctant to use our electronic platforms or other products and services. It is impossible to precisely predict the likelihood or impact of any cyberattack on the securities industry generally, or on our business. In the event of a cyberattack or a threat of a cyberattack, our procedures may not be effective in immediately detecting and responding to such threats and, upon doing so, our security measures and contingency plans may be inadequate to prevent significant disruptions in our business, technology or access to the infrastructure necessary 23 to maintain our business. In addition, our insurance may be insufficient to cover in full the liabilities or losses that we may incur in the event of a successful cyberattack. Any of these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We may be at greater risk from terrorism than other companies. Given our prominence in the global financial industry and the location of many of our properties and personnel in U.S., U.K. and European financial centers, including Manhattan, and our presence in India, Abu Dhabi and Israel, we may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target, or an indirect casualty, of attacks by terrorists or terrorist organizations, or other extremist organizations or individuals that employ threatening or harassing means to achieve their social or political objectives. Damage to our business or facilities due to such attacks may be significantly in excess of insurance coverage, and we may not be able to insure against some damage at a reasonable price or at all. The threat of terrorist attacks may also negatively affect our ability to attract and retain employees. In addition, terrorist attacks may cause instability or decreased trading in the markets we operate, including trading on our securities exchanges. Any of these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Systems failures in the derivatives and securities trading industry and mortgage technology industry have in the past negatively impacted us, and could in the future negatively impact us. High-profile system failures in the derivatives and securities trading industry and mortgage technology industry, including due to cybersecurity disruptions and attacks, have in the past, and could in the future, negatively impact our business and result in a loss of confidence in our technology and our markets, regulatory investigations, fines and penalties and business activity slowdown or interruptions. Further, regulators have imposed requirements for trading platforms that have been costly for us to implement and could result in a decrease in demand for some of our services. In particular, the SEC’s Regulation Systems Compliance and Integrity, or Regulation SCI, and the CFTC’s system safeguards regulations subject portions of our securities and derivatives trading platforms and other technological systems related to our clearing houses, trade repositories and the U.S. swap execution facility, or SEF, to extensive regulation and oversight. Ensuring our compliance with the requirements of Regulation SCI and the CFTC’s system safeguards regulations requires significant ongoing administrative and compliance expenses and burdens. The SEC’s expansion of the obligations under Regulation SCI, including to the ICE businesses or systems that are determined to be in the scope of the regulation, in the past has resulted, and in the future could result, in significant additional expenditures. In addition, the Digital Operational Resilience Act, or DORA, that went into effect on January 17, 2025, establishes an information and communication technology, or ICT, risk management framework for the EU financial sector and imposes risk management, reporting and information oversight for EU financial entities and their ICT third-party service providers. Some of our businesses are impacted by the compliance burdens and costs of DORA as EU financial entities or ICT third-party service providers to EU financial entities. Owning clearing houses exposes us to risks, including risks related to defaults by clearing members, risks related to investing margin and guaranty funds and the cost of operating the clearing houses. There are risks inherent in operating clearing houses, including exposure to the market and counterparty risk of clearing members, market liquidity risks, defaults by clearing members and risks associated with custody and investing margin or guaranty fund assets provided by clearing members to our clearing houses, which could subject our business to substantial losses. As of December 31, 2025, we custody a total of $81.2 billion of clearing members' margin and guaranty funds across all of our clearing houses. To the extent available, ICE clearing houses use Sovereign Central Banks to custody assets. For example, ICE Clear Credit holds the U.S. dollar cash and U.S. Treasuries that clearing members transfer to satisfy their original margin and guaranty fund requirements at its account at the Federal Reserve. ICE clearing houses may also use third-party investment agents for investment of cash assets, subject to the guidelines provided by each clearing house, and may add or change the investment agents from time to time. Although our clearing houses have policies and procedures to manage the risks to which they are exposed, including collecting margin and guaranty fund contributions from clearing members, such policies and procedures may not succeed in preventing losses after a member's or counterparty’s default. The processes for calculating and setting margins and financial safeguards are complex and there is no guarantee that our risk models that are utilized to calculate margin and our financial safeguard procedures will adequately protect us in all circumstances. In addition, from time to time, we may redesign the methodology of the risk models that are utilized to calculate margin. Redesigning and implementing a new risk model is a complex process, involving quantitative analysis, regulatory approval and implementation risk. We cannot guarantee that the measures and safeguards we have undertaken to design, implement and operate risk models, calculate and collect margin, and protect our clearing houses in the case of a clearing member default, will be sufficient. Accordingly, it is possible that we would be materially and adversely affected in the event of one or more significant defaults. We have contributed our own capital, or ‘Skin in the Game’, to the front of the guaranty fund of each of the 24 clearing houses that could be used in the event of a default. We also have default insurance that resides after and in addition to the ICE Clear Credit (for CDS clearing), ICE Clear Europe, and ICE Clear U.S. ‘Skin in the Game’ contributions to the default waterfalls of each of the clearing houses and before the guaranty fund contributions of the non-defaulting clearing members. Notwithstanding these actions, the default of one or more of the clearing members could subject our business to substantial losses and/or cause our customers to lose confidence in our clearing houses and, as a result, in our exchange traded business in general. We announced on February 3, 2026, that the SEC approved ICE Clear Credit’s application to expand its current registered Covered Clearing Agency designation to add U.S. Treasury clearing. Although the new Treasury clearing service is operationally live for the clearing of cash transactions and expects to go live for repurchase transactions in the fourth quarter of 2026, there is no assurance that the service will achieve meaningful market adoption and competition within the U.S. Treasury clearing market may limit the commercial success of this offering. While ICE Clear Credit has established the U.S. Treasury clearing business as a distinct and segregated business line from its existing CDS clearing business, with its own rulebook, membership, risk management framework, financial and liquidity resources, and governance structure, operating both business lines out of the same legal entity poses risks that any financial, operational, or risk management failure within the U.S. Treasury clearing business could adversely affect the CDS clearing business. We cannot guarantee that the policies, controls, and safeguards implemented to design, launch, and operate this new service will be sufficient to mitigate these risks. If the value of collateral held as margin or guaranty fund contributions by our clearing houses declines or a collateral issuer defaults, clearing members may be at risk of defaulting, which could adversely impact our clearing houses. Our clearing houses hold a substantial amount of assets as margin or guaranty fund contributions, which comprise U.S. and other sovereign treasury securities. As of December 31, 2025, our clearing houses held $82.6 billion of non-cash margin or guaranty fund contributions in U.S. and other sovereign treasury securities: $72.9 billion of this amount was comprised of U.S. Treasury securities, $5.4 billion of various EU member country Treasury securities, $1.8 billion of U.K. Treasury securities and $2.6 billion of other European, Japanese, Canadian and Tri-Party Treasury securities. Sovereign treasury securities have historically been viewed as one of the safest and most liquid securities for clearing houses to hold due to the perceived credit worthiness of major governments. If there is a significant decline in the value of collateral relied upon by our clearing houses, our clearing houses could face significant expenses and such an event could cause a credit contraction and major swings in asset prices. To mitigate this risk, our clearing houses currently apply a discount or “haircut” to the market values for all sovereign securities held as margin or guaranty fund contributions; however, market conditions could change more quickly than we expect, and we may be unable to adjust the amount of the haircuts or the haircuts could be insufficient in the event of a sudden market event. If the value of collateral declines significantly, our clearing houses will need to collect additional margin or guaranty fund contributions from their clearing members, which may be difficult for the members to supply, particularly during times of financial stress. This risk may be additionally exacerbated by an actual or threatened default by a collateral issuer. If a clearing member cannot supply the additional margin or guaranty fund contributions, which may include cash in a currency acceptable to the clearing house, the clearing house could deem the clearing member in default. If any clearing members default as a result of the reduction in the value of margin or guaranty fund contributions, our clearing houses and trading business could suffer substantial losses as a result of the loss of any capital that has been contributed to the clearing house’s guaranty funds and a loss of confidence by clearing members in the clearing house, resulting in a reduction in volumes of future cleared transactions. Further, our clearing houses invest large sums through reverse repo transactions in connection with their clearing operations and hold sovereign securities as security in connection with such investment transactions. In the event that a reverse repo counterparty defaults, the value of the sovereign securities we hold as collateral might not be sufficient to cover our losses. Our clearing houses may also make demand deposits with commercial banks which could be lost in the event one of these banks becomes insolvent. Owning and operating cash equity and options exchanges exposes us to risks, including the regulatory responsibilities to which these businesses are subject. Owning and operating cash equity and options exchanges for which the revenues are primarily derived from trading activity, market data and listing fees, exposes us to risks. Adverse economic conditions and legal and regulatory changes similar to those discussed elsewhere in this section could result in decreased trading volume on our exchanges, discourage or prohibit market participants from listing on our exchanges or cause them to forgo new offerings. In addition, as the industry rapidly evolves to accommodate digital finance, we will need to innovate quickly or risk being placed at a competitive disadvantage, especially if certain providers of digital asset solutions are allowed to operate under different 25 regulatory standards or requirements. Any of these could reduce our revenues, including market data and listing fee revenue. Our cash equity and options exchanges also have certain regulatory responsibilities that must be fulfilled. For example, these exchanges are responsible for enforcing listed company compliance with applicable listing standards, enforcing members' compliance with exchange rules and federal securities laws, complying with terms of NMS Plans, filing of all material changes to exchanges' rules with the SEC, and operating our exchanges consistent with exchange rules, federal securities laws and other applicable laws. Any failure by one of our exchanges to comply with, and enforce compliance by their members or listed companies with, exchange rules and securities laws could significantly harm our reputation, prompt regulatory scrutiny, result in the payment of fines or penalties and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We must allocate significant resources to fulfill our regulatory and self-regulatory responsibilities. The business objectives of exchanges might conflict with the exchanges’ regulatory and self-regulatory responsibilities. In addition, the listing of our common stock, or the stock of companies in which we invest, on the NYSE could potentially create a conflict between the exchange’s regulatory responsibilities to vigorously oversee the listing and trading of securities, on the one hand, and our commercial and economic interest, on the other hand. While we have structural protections to minimize these potential conflicts, we cannot be sure that such measures will be successful. Further, changes in the rules of our securities markets must be reviewed and approved by the SEC. Approval of such changes by the SEC cannot be guaranteed, and the SEC has in the past delayed, and could in the future delay, either the approval process or the initiation of the public comment process. Any denial or delay in approving changes, or a failure to file changes that regulators view as required, could significantly harm our reputation, prompt regulatory scrutiny, result in the payment of fines or penalties and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Challenges by the SEC to fee filings on securities market data have in the past negatively impacted and could in the future negatively impact the value of proprietary data products. See Item 1 “- Business - Regulation” above for additional information regarding regulatory changes impacting our cash equities and options exchanges, including risks to our business associated with possible regulation of services offered by non-exchange affiliates. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results. Since we conduct operations globally, substantial portions of our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate non-U.S. dollar denominated revenues, income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar against the other currencies could affect our net operating revenues, operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. In an attempt to combat inflation, countries and regions have used monetary policy, through increasing central bank interest rates, and such actions have caused, and may continue to cause, volatility in currency exchange rates. External events such as Brexit have caused, and may in the future cause, significant volatility in currency exchange rates, especially among the U.S. dollar, the British pound sterling and the euro. If global economic and market conditions, or economic conditions in the U.K., EU, the U.S. or other key markets deteriorate, the value of the pound sterling, euro or U.S. dollar may weaken. Further, financial instability in a particular country could have a contagion effect on the region in which it is located and contribute to general instability and uncertainty in that region. Events that adversely affect our clients and suppliers in a region could in turn have a materially adverse effect on our international business results and our operating results. For additional information on our foreign currency exchange rate risk, refer to “- Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk” in Item 7A “- Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk", which is included in this Annual Report. We may have difficulty executing our growth strategy and maintaining our growth effectively. We have achieved significant growth since becoming a public company in 2005. Our growth is highly dependent on customer demand for our core products and services, favorable economic conditions and our ability to invest in our personnel, facilities, infrastructure and financial and management systems and controls. Adverse economic conditions could reduce customer demand for our products and services, which may place a significant strain on our management and resources and could force us to defer existing or future planned opportunities. We regularly evaluate our existing operations, service capacity and business efficiencies and, as a result of such evaluations, we may undertake strategic 26 initiatives outside of and within our businesses. We may not be successful in executing on our strategies to support our growth organically or through acquisitions, other investments or strategic alliances. We may not be successful in offering new products or technologies or in identifying opportunities. We from time to time launch, and intend in the future to launch, new products, services and business ventures and continue to explore and pursue other opportunities to strengthen our business and grow our company. We have spent and may continue to spend substantial time and money developing new product or service offerings or improving current product or service offerings. If these offerings are not successful, we may miss a potential market opportunity and not be able to recover the costs of such initiatives. Obtaining any required regulatory approval associated with these offerings may also result in delays or restrictions on our ability to benefit fully from these offerings. Further, we have entered into and may seek in the future to enter into or increase our presence in markets that already possess established competitors who may enjoy the protection of high barriers to entry, among other advantages. In addition, in light of consolidation in the exchange, data services, clearing and mortgage technology sectors and competition for opportunities, we may be unable to identify strategic opportunities, or we may be unable to negotiate or finance any future acquisition successfully. Our competitors could merge, making it more difficult for us to find appropriate entities to acquire or merge with and making it more difficult to compete in our industry due to the increased resources of our merged competitors. Also, offering new products and services and pursuing acquisitions requires substantial time and attention of our management team, which could prevent them from successfully overseeing other initiatives that are necessary for our success. Climate-related risks pose operational, commercial, reputational, regulatory and financial risks. Climate-related risks and increases in the frequency or severity of extreme weather events and other natural disasters, and such events could negatively impact our activities and results of operations and impact the activities of our customers or third-party vendors or suppliers. The physical commodities and assets underlying certain of our markets may also be impacted by climate-related risks and extreme weather events, which could impact users of our markets. The risks associated with extreme weather events and other natural disasters may evolve rapidly and we expect that climate-related risks may increase over time. We face reputational, regulatory and financial risks related to our ability to respond to diverse stakeholder expectations and requirements on sustainability-related topics, including in connection with a transition to clean and renewable energy. A variety of sustainability-related topics, including the transition to clean and renewable energy, involve rapidly changing and diverging expectations from our stakeholders, including consumers and institutional investors. Our ability to satisfy the preferences of our stakeholders around these topics (including on energy production and consumption) and the possible failure of our products or services to support the needs and meet the expectations of such stakeholders could adversely impact our business and revenues. Changing market demands and preferences could also have an adverse impact on the operations or financial condition of our customers, which could result in reduced revenues from those customers. In addition, the uncertainty related to the transition to clean and renewable energy and away from fossil fuels, including regulatory, legislative or policy changes by the U.S. government with regard to energy policy and related subsidies, incentives or penalties, may negatively impact trading on our markets and have an adverse effect on the activities of our customers or third-party vendors, which could negatively impact our revenues. Furthermore, lawmakers in many jurisdictions have proposed or adopted laws, regulations or policies on sustainability-related topics that diverge from, or potentially conflict with, laws in other jurisdictions in which we operate. We are subject to risks related to the uncertainty in connection with changing policies and particularly with respect to any divergence in such laws, regulations or policies, which could impact us and our customers and result in increased regulatory, compliance, reputational or operational challenges and costs. We have in the past been, and may in the future be, required to recognize impairments of our goodwill, other intangible assets or investments. The determination of the value of goodwill and other intangible assets requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect our consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2025, we had goodwill of $30.6 billion and net other intangible assets of $15.4 billion relating to our acquisitions, including our acquisition of Black Knight in September 2023. As of December 31, 2025, we had a total carrying value of $1.6 billion relating to our equity investments, including our investment in Blockratize, Inc., doing business as Polymarket. 27 During 2024 and 2023, we recorded impairments on certain developed technology and trademark finite-lived intangible assets, respectively. We cannot assure you that we will not experience future events that may result in these types of impairments. An impairment of the value of our existing goodwill, other intangible assets and other investments and assets could have a significant negative impact on our future operating results. For additional information on our goodwill, other intangible assets and investments, refer to Notes 3, 4 and 9 to our consolidated financial statements and “- Critical Accounting Estimates - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Impairment Assessment” in Item 7 “- Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” which are included in this Annual Report. Our ownership of a digital asset custody business may introduce additional risks to our business due to its evolving business model. In May 2025, we acquired a digital asset custody business now known as ICE Digital Trust, LLC. Our new initiatives in connection with our digital asset custody business present operational, reputational, and financial risks, including increased risk of a security breach, system failure, or in connection with a decline in demand for digital assets. More specifically, the failure to safeguard and manage digital asset accounts could adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. The theft, loss, or destruction of private keys required to access any crypto assets held in custody may be irreversible, and we could be held liable for customer losses. Our insurance policies may not be adequate to reimburse us for losses caused by security breaches or incidents, and we may lose crypto assets valued in excess of the insurance policy without any recourse. Unlike bank accounts or accounts at some other financial institutions, in the event of loss or loss of utility value, there is no public insurer to offer recourse to us or to any consumer and the misappropriated crypto may not be easily traced to the bad actor. Additionally, custodial platforms are prime targets for hackers. A breach of our custody systems could lead to the theft of customer assets and unauthorized transfers, for which the company might be held liable, and traditional insurance may not adequately cover losses related to digital assets. Further, our ownership of a digital asset custody business may also involve dependencies on decentralized or other third party blockchain services and the protocols, which we do not control and in turn may expose us to new and evolving technological risks. The digital asset industry is subject to rapidly evolving and uncertain regulations at both the state and federal levels. Changes in laws or enforcement patterns, such as those related to anti-money laundering (AML) and tax reporting, could impact our ability to operate the business. Further, recent developments in the digital asset economy have led to increased volatility in digital asset markets, which in turn may increase the potential for loss of confidence in the digital asset ecosystem, or negative publicity surrounding digital assets impacting our reputation. ICE Digital Trust is a New York limited purpose trust company that is subject to extensive regulation by the NYDFS. Compliance with any such regulatory requirements increases our regulatory burden and gives rise to costs and expenses that may have a material impact on our financial condition. Pandemics and other public health emergencies could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic created economic and financial disruptions globally and led governmental authorities to take unprecedented measures to mitigate the spread of the disease. From an operational perspective, the spread of COVID-19 resulted, and the emergence of a new pandemic or other health emergency could in the future result, in temporary closures of our office facilities and the office facilities of our customers and our third-party vendors. We cannot assure you that such measures will adequately protect our business, and such measures could introduce new operational risks, including, but not limited to, cybersecurity risk, and strain our technological resources and business continuity plans. If one or more of the third-party vendors to whom we outsource certain material activities claim that they cannot perform due to a force majeure or experience operational failures as a result of a pandemic or other public health emergency, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. A pandemic or other public health emergency could also impact, among other things, the availability of our executive officers, staff and primary facilities, and the viability of our customers. COVID-19 has in the past resulted, and another pandemic or public health emergency could in the future result, in disruptions to global supply chains, which could negatively affect the flow or availability of certain hardware and related products for technology that we need to operate our business effectively and efficiently. Our inability to acquire suitable hardware and related products on acceptable terms or the loss of key suppliers could negatively affect our business. Pandemic and public health-related restrictions could also impact third-party providers' abilities to meet their contractual 28 obligations to us and impact on our customers’ businesses, risk management needs and ability to trade, and, to the extent they do so, adversely affect our operations, business, financial condition or results of operations. LEGAL AND REGULATORY Our businesses and those of many of our clients have been and continue to be subject to extensive legislation and regulatory scrutiny, and we face the risk of changes to our regulatory environment and business in the future. We are and will continue to be subject to extensive regulation in many jurisdictions around the world, and in particular in the U.S., the U.K. and the EU. We face the risk of significant actions by regulatory and taxing authorities in all jurisdictions in which we conduct our businesses and hold investments, which may affect our business, the activity of our market participants, and our results. Among other things, as a result of regulators and tax authorities enforcing existing laws and regulations, we have in the past been, and could in the future be, censured, fined, prohibited from pursuing certain acquisitions or engaging in some of our business activities, subjected to limitations or conditions on our business activities, including fair, reasonable and nondiscriminatory pricing restrictions, also known as FRAND, and prohibiting the inclusion of, or reliance on, “unfair” terms in certain customer contracts, or subjected to new or substantially higher taxes or other governmental charges in connection with the conduct of our business or with respect to our employees, including settlement payments, interest payments and penalty payments. In many cases, our activities are subject to overlapping and divergent regulation in different jurisdictions. The adoption of new laws or regulations, changes in governmental policies or changes in regulations or enforcement practices applicable to our businesses or those of our clients could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively with other institutions that are not affected in the same way or impact our clients’ overall trading volume through our exchanges and clearing houses and demand for our market data and connectivity offerings, mortgage technology and other services. EU policymakers continue to adopt and propose changes to regulatory intervention related to energy markets, including pricing-limiting mechanisms on exchange-traded gas products and strengthening the EU’s market abuse framework for wholesale energy markets. Trading volumes on ICE Endex, the primary European exchange for the benchmark European gas contract, and ICE Clear Europe, which clears ICE Endex contracts, could be impacted. Additionally, in December 2022, a coalition of various nations set the price of Russian crude oil at or below $60 a barrel, which remains in place and continues to impact our businesses and those of our clients. There may be additional regulatory changes forthcoming and additional impacts to our business. We are also subject to regulatory risks relating to the mortgage industry, which is heavily regulated in the U.S. We are subject to enhanced oversight from the FFIEC and CFPB related to the inclusion of Black Knight's services and product offerings in our portfolio. Changes to existing laws, regulations or policies, or the adoption of new laws, regulations or policies that affect the residential mortgage industry could reduce residential mortgage volume or otherwise limit the ability of users and participants of our mortgage technology services to operate their businesses, resulting in decreased usage of our solutions. Alternatively, reduced regulatory requirements could also reduce the demand for certain of our products and services, which are intended to enable our customers to satisfy existing regulatory requirements. Potential structural changes to federal agencies integral to the U.S. residential mortgage industry, in particular, those involving the roles of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, in addition to the regulatory roles of the CFPB and other banking regulators, could disrupt the residential mortgage market and have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, as a critical third-party service provider in the mortgage industry, we are subject to supervision and examination by certain regulators, which has resulted, and will continue to result, in additional operating costs. There is ongoing public concern regarding data privacy and data protection in many jurisdictions in which ICE operates. Many of those jurisdictions have passed data privacy legislation, with many more contemplating new laws. The laws and regulations related to privacy and data protection are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently and increasingly conflict among the various countries in which we operate, which has resulted in greater compliance risk and cost for us. Privacy and data protection regulations often require monitoring of, and changes to, our data practices in regard to the collection, use, disclosure, storage, transfer and/or security of personal and sensitive information. Regulatory activity in the privacy area may also hinder our business, for example, by restricting use or sharing of data, including for marketing or advertising or limiting the use of, limiting our ability to provide certain data to our customers, or otherwise regulating artificial intelligence and machine learning, including the use of algorithms and automated processing in ways that could materially affect our business, or that may lead to significant increases in the cost of compliance. The expansion of our business in the U.S. residential mortgage market increases the impact of data privacy legislation and regulation on our business. These developments could impact our profitability in the affected jurisdictions, or even make it uneconomical for us to continue to conduct all or certain of our businesses in such jurisdictions, or could cause us to incur significant costs associated with changing our business practices, restructuring our businesses or moving all or certain of 29 our businesses and our employees to other jurisdictions, including liquidating assets or raising capital in a manner that adversely increases our funding costs or otherwise adversely affects our stockholders and creditors. U.S., U.K. and EU legal and regulatory developments, in particular EMIR, EMIR 3.0, U.K. Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II, or U.K. MiFID II, and EU Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II, or EU MiFID II, the U.K BMR and the EU BMR, including each such regulation as incorporated into U.K. law, have significantly altered and propose to further alter the regulatory framework within which we operate and may adversely affect our competitive position and profitability. These regulatory developments could also cause us to change our business practices, restructure our businesses or move certain of our businesses and employees. The enacted and proposed legal and regulatory changes, if implemented, most likely to affect our businesses are: operational account and clearing requirements for EU market participants in EMIR 3.0, the proposal by U.S. banking regulators to increase bank capital requirements under the Basel III Endgame impacting banking services and activities, including client clearing, lending and capital markets activities and the Federal Reserve proposed revisions to the surcharge on global systemically-important bank holding companies, access rules under the U.K. BMR and EU BMR, the non-harmonization of margin requirements, access to our benchmarks, U.K. CCP resolution enhancements and maintaining our exchanges’ abilities to operate as SROs with related immunity for the discharge of their regulatory functions. As the operator of global businesses, the divergence among countries' regulatory frameworks, including differences between the EU and the U.K. post-Brexit, could impact our business as our clearing houses and exchanges are subject to regulation in multiple jurisdictions. The Dodd-Frank Act established enhanced regulatory requirements for non-bank financial institutions designated as “systemically important” by the FSOC. ICE Clear Credit has been designated as a systemically important financial market utility by the FSOC and, as a result, is subject to additional oversight by the CFTC. Compliance with these requirements has resulted in, and will continue to result in, additional operating costs. In 2016, the SEC approved a plan to establish a market-wide consolidated audit trail, or the CAT, to improve regulators’ ability to monitor trading activity. In addition to increased risk in connection with our regulatory obligations, the implementation of the CAT has resulted in, and in the future could continue to result in significant additional expenditures, which may not be reimbursed, especially in light of a court challenge to the CAT funding model in the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit and follow-on cases. Funding for the CAT has been provided primarily by the SROs, partly in exchange for promissory notes, which increased the risk that SROs, including us, will not be reimbursed in whole or in part for costs expended to build and operate the CAT or for future promissory notes, if any. In addition, if the SEC determines that we have failed to properly implement the CAT, we may be unable to recover our prior expenses. Due to the replacement of the original plan processor, we recorded promissory note impairment charges of $16 million, $2 million and $16 million in 2023, 2020 and 2019, respectively. As of December 31, 2025, we have accrued approximately $88 million as a receivable in connection with our portion of expenses related to the CAT implementation. In addition, there are risks to SRO participants related to regulatory actions or fines in connection with the operation and use of the CAT, including the storage of sensitive and confidential information, potential misuse by users with access to the system or if the plan participants do not renew a contract with the plan processor. Furthermore, there is a risk that, upon completion of a review by the SEC, there may be changes required to the system or its governance that could increase costs. There is an increased focus on, and scrutiny of, ESG data and ratings providers by regulators and policymakers. Certain regulators and policymakers have indicated that extension of their regulatory oversight to ESG data service providers is possible. The EU adopted a regulation on the transparency and integrity of ESG rating activities, which aims to enhance the integrity, transparency, governance and independence of ESG ratings. The U.K. government has also published draft legislation proposing to regulate ESG data providers. If adopted, certain of our offerings could be subject to increased regulation and oversight by the FCA. In each instance, our ESG data products and services may be subject to additional regulation and may require authorization and supervision by the relevant regulator, which could result in additional operating costs. Legislative proposals in the EU and elsewhere are contemplating new or expanded requirements for data service providers such as conflict of interest and transparency rules, regulation of prices and fees and imposition of market access rules for third-country providers. These requirements may increase our regulatory burden and impact our ability to provide certain data related services in relevant jurisdictions. The recently enacted GENIUS Act in the U.S. establishes a framework for regulating stablecoins and legislative proposals in the U.S. and EU that, if enacted, will regulate digital assets and could adversely affect our ability to compete if they permit different standards or requirements for certain entities or technologies. We are subject to tax laws, regulations, rulings and audits in multiple U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions that could have a significant impact on our business and lead to additional expenditures for us or our customers. For example, there have been discussions in various jurisdictions around financial transaction or digital service tax frameworks as well as global 30 minimum corporate income tax rates. Changes to tax frameworks in jurisdictions where we operate significant business, for example, the U.S., the U.K. and the EU have increased costs in the past, and may in the future increase costs to us or to our market participants and discourage participation in the markets we operate. Furthermore, implementation of any new or amended tax laws or regulations could impact our global operations, trading volumes or financial results. Other enacted and proposed legal and regulatory changes not discussed above may also adversely affect our competitive position and profitability. See Item 1 “- Business - Regulation” above for additional information regarding the current and proposed laws and regulations that impact our business, including risks to our business associated with these laws and regulations. Our compliance and risk management methods, as well as our fulfillment of our regulatory obligations, may not be effective, which could lead to enforcement actions by our regulators or other legal proceedings. Our ability to comply with existing and future rules, regulations and laws largely depends on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, audit and reporting systems that can quickly adapt and respond, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and other risk management personnel. Regulators periodically review our ability to self-regulate and our compliance with a variety of laws and regulations including self-regulatory standards. Certain of our businesses associated with the NYSE are subject to public notice procedures prior to making changes in operations, policies and procedures. If we fail to comply with any of these obligations, regulators could take a variety of actions that could impair our ability to conduct our business. Our acquisitions expose us to new regulatory requirements. For example, our acquisitions of Ellie Mae, Inc., or Ellie Mae, in 2020 and Black Knight in 2023 expose us to increased regulatory scrutiny from U.S. regulatory bodies that regulate the U.S. residential mortgage industry, including the FFIEC and its member agencies, and the CFPB, among others. In addition, our acquisition of ICE Digital Trust, which is a New York limited purpose trust company, subjects us to additional regulation and oversight by the NYDFS, including requirements to comply with additional cybersecurity, anti-money laundering, capital adequacy and digital asset safekeeping requirements. Compliance with any such regulatory requirements increases our regulatory burden and gives rise to costs and expenses that may be material. Our regulators have broad enforcement powers to censure, fine, issue cease-and-desist orders, embargo future business activity or prohibit us from engaging in some of our businesses. We continue to face the risk of significant intervention by regulatory authorities, including extensive examination and surveillance of our business. Failure to comply with remediation requirements from such examinations could result in enforcement actions. Any enforcement matters by regulators may result in material adverse consequences to our financial condition, operating results or ability to conduct our business, including adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions, restrictions on our business activities or other relief. Our involvement in any such matters, even if the matters are ultimately determined to be in our favor, could also cause significant harm to our reputation and divert management attention from the operation of our business. Further, any settlement, consent order or adverse judgment in connection with any formal or informal proceeding or investigation by government or regulatory agencies may result in additional litigation, investigations or proceedings as other litigants and government or regulatory agencies begin independent reviews of the same businesses or activities. Finally, the implementation of new legislation or regulations, issuances of executive orders or changes in or unfavorable interpretations of existing regulations by courts or regulatory bodies, could require us to incur significant compliance costs and impede our ability to remain competitive and grow our business. Regulatory developments or court rulings may have an adverse impact on our ability to derive revenue from market and mortgage data and technology and connectivity fees. Regulatory developments or court rulings could reduce the amount of revenue that we obtain from exchange market data and connectivity fees related to our U.S. equity and options exchanges, and from mortgage data related to our mortgage technology businesses. With respect to our U.S. equities and equity options exchanges, our ability to assess fees for market data products and certain connectivity fees are subject to review by the SEC. There continues to be opposing industry viewpoints as to the extent that our U.S. equities and equity options exchanges should be able to charge for market data and market access, and the manner in which we set such exchange fees could be reassessed. If new constraints are placed on our ability to charge for market data, mortgage data or market access in the U.S., it could have a negative impact on our revenues. We cannot predict whether, or in what form, any regulatory or other changes will take effect or their impact on our business. A determination by the SEC or a court, for example, that the SEC must link market data fees to marginal costs, take a more active role in the market data rate-setting process, or reduce the current levels of market data fees, could have an adverse effect on our market data revenues. Furthermore, there could also be an adverse effect on our mortgage data revenues if our use of such data were restricted through regulation. 31 Separately, our European exchanges are currently authorized to sell trade information on a non-discriminatory basis at a reasonable cost. This regulatory position could be modified or interpreted by the European Commission or future European court decisions in a manner that could have an adverse effect on our European market data revenues. In addition, the FCA and IOSCO have both issued consultations to explore access to market data in financial markets. The results of these consultations may lead to a regulatory response that could affect our business. Similar to the U.S., if new constraints are placed on our ability to charge for market data or market access in the U.K. or other jurisdictions, it could have a negative impact on our revenues. Ongoing impacts and uncertainty following the U.K.'s exit from the EU, commonly referred to as Brexit, could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. The long-term effects of Brexit will depend, in part, on the agreement the U.K. made to retain access to EU markets, and whether the EU and U.K. continue to implement regulatory proposals related to the provision of financial services and the administration of benchmarks and indices in the EU and U.K. Following Brexit, matters of access in financial services are left to be addressed through declarations of equivalence under existing equivalence regimes contained in U.K. and EU law and through domestic laws. In January 2025, the European Commission adopted a new equivalence decision that allows continued access by EU firms to clear trades at U.K. central counterparties until June 30, 2028. Subsequently, in March 2025, ESMA extended the tiering determination and temporary recognition decisions for ICE Clear Europe until June 30, 2028, which allows continued access for EU firms to clear trades at ICE Clear Europe. In the absence of an extension of the temporary equivalence or permanent equivalence of U.K. CCPs by the European Commission, EU persons would be restricted in accessing clearing services at ICE Clear Europe, which could impact clearing revenues, and could also cause us to change our business practices, restructure our businesses or move certain of our businesses and employees. In June 2023, the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023, or FSMA 2023, was enacted, which makes significant changes to U.K. financial services regulation and incorporates considerations of the HM Treasury's March 2022 Wholesale Markets Review. The FSMA 2023 expands the U.K.’s existing resolution regime for CCPs and enables the BOE to take full control of a CCP when necessary without relying on its existing powers, and permits the BOE to use a number of tools without reliance on the CCPs' rulebook. In addition, in July 2025, the BOE published a consultation on the U.K.'s regulatory framework for CCPs. The proposals for U.K. CCPs, if finalized, would increase the costs of operating a CCP in the U.K., raise regulatory burdens on U.K. CCPs and could consequently have a negative effect on revenue earned by U.K. CCPs and ICEU and place U.K. CCPs at a competitive disadvantage. As a result of the U.K. and EU trade and cooperation agreement not providing free trade arrangements for financial services, any equivalence determinations or any further transition period for financial services could include restrictions on access to our services by persons located in the EU or make access more expensive, which could adversely affect our operations and profitability or even make it uneconomical for us to continue to conduct all or certain of our businesses in such jurisdictions. The consequences of Brexit and the terms of the trade and cooperation agreement could also cause us to incur significant costs associated with changing our business practices, restructuring our businesses or moving certain of our businesses and our employees to other jurisdictions. See Item 1 “- Business - Regulation” above for additional information regarding Brexit, including risks to our business associated with Brexit. Risks relating to the administration of benchmarks and indices, and changes to, cessations of and the replacement of, or transition from, benchmarks and indices may result in legal risks and could adversely affect our business. Certain of our subsidiaries administer, produce and license a variety of benchmarks and indices across multiple asset classes, which are used globally and are referenced in certain of our trading and clearing products. To ensure continued trading and clearing in these benchmark-related products, and the continued licensing and use of these benchmarks and indices, our subsidiaries must be able to demonstrate that these benchmarks and indices are determined with integrity and are not readily subject to manipulation. Our subsidiaries must also continue to evolve these benchmarks and indices as necessary to maintain their reliability and relevance, and continue to administer, produce and license these benchmarks and indices in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Any failures, negative publicity or lawsuits related to our subsidiaries' administration of benchmarks and indices could result in a loss of confidence in the administration of these benchmarks and indices and could harm our business and our reputation. Our subsidiary, IBA, administers various globally important benchmarks, including ICE Swap Rate. As a “critical” benchmark, the administration of ICE Swap Rate is subject to additional obligations under the U.K. BMR. These include the ability of the FCA to compel continued administration of ICE Swap Rate for up to 10 years if the administrator intends to cease providing the benchmark, to impose changes in the way the benchmark is determined if the FCA believes the benchmark is unrepresentative or its representativeness is at risk and to apply prohibitions and restrictions on the use of 32 the benchmark in certain circumstances. Changes to, cessations of, and the replacement of or transition from, our subsidiaries' benchmarks and indices or any other changes or reforms to the determination or administration of such benchmarks and indices, could result in legal risks or risks to our reputation, and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. Any failures, negative publicity or lawsuits related to our subsidiaries’ administration of benchmarks could result in a loss of confidence in our subsidiaries’ administration of benchmarks and indices and could harm our business and our reputation. Following Brexit, supervised entities in the EU have been able to continue to use benchmarks administered by our subsidiaries outside of the EU under certain transitional provisions of the EU BMR. These transitional provisions expired on December 31, 2025. On January 1, 2026, the EU BMR was amended to reduce its scope to cover only certain benchmarks. Our subsidiaries outside of the EU that administer benchmarks which continue to be in scope of the regulation have sought recognition in order for EU-supervised entities to continue to be able to use these benchmarks. To the extent such subsidiaries are unable to obtain recognition for any reason or EU-supervised entities are otherwise unable to continue to license and use their in scope benchmarks, our business and our reputation could be harmed. In addition, certain authorities, including those in the U.K. and the EU, have issued consultations to gather feedback on index provider businesses or are undertaking reviews of current regulations. The results of these consultations or reviews may lead to a regulatory response that could affect our business. Additional regulation on index providers in the U.S., U.K., EU or other jurisdictions, could have a negative impact on our revenues. We may face liability for content contained in our data products and services. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to claims for breach of contract, defamation, libel, copyright or trademark infringement, fraud or negligence or based on other theories of liability, in each case relating to the data, articles, commentary, ratings, information or other content we distribute in our financial data services business. If such data or other content or information that we distribute has errors, is delayed or has design defects, we could be subject to liability or our reputation could suffer. We could also be subject to claims based upon the content that is accessible from our corporate website or those websites that we own and operate through links to other websites. Use of our products and services as part of the investment process creates the risk that clients, the parties whose assets are managed by our clients or the parties that invest in financial products that utilize our products and services, may pursue claims against us for significant amounts. Any such claim, even if the outcome were ultimately favorable to us, could involve a significant commitment of our management, personnel, financial and other resources. Such claims and lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results and a negative impact on our reputation. In addition, we license and redistribute data and content from various third-party sources and the terms of these licenses change frequently. Our third-party data and content suppliers may audit our use of and our clients’ use of and payment for data and content from time to time in the ordinary course of business, including audits currently underway. Such third-party data and content suppliers have asserted and may in the future assert that we or our clients owe additional amounts under the terms of the applicable license agreements, that we inappropriately distributed the third-party data or that we or our clients used the data or content in a manner that exceeded the scope of the applicable license agreement or without a license agreement. In some instances, where we have certain commercial relationships with third parties, we have assumed the responsibility for this third-party source liability. We have and expect to continue to spend and allocate resources to develop and acquire the use of technology and other intellectual property rights to manage these risks and track third-party data usage, but we cannot be assured that we will not incur liability. The costs and resources required to investigate any allegations could be material, and we may still be required to pay damages to, or make unexpected large settlement payments to, these data and content suppliers, which could also give rise to reputational