Item 1A. Risk Factors – We operate in a challenging market for talent and may fail to attract and retain qualified personnel, including key management personnel. COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS We view compensation and benefits as part of how we attract, engage and retain our talented workforce. We do so by rewarding performance while ensuring competitive compensation in our local markets around the world. We continually evaluate our compensation and benefits so that we offer optimal compensation programs and remain a leading employer of choice in the areas in which we operate. TEAM-ORIENTED CULTURE At International Paper, we strive to create a high-trust, high-performance culture. We focus on promoting a culture that leverages the talents of all employees, and implementing practices that attract, recruit and retain a broad array of talent, guided by our ongoing dedication to equal employment opportunity for all. We believe our efforts will lead to improved business results, as teams with a broad range of perspectives drive innovation, enhance decision- making, and better reflect the markets we serve. We support enterprise-wide employee-led resource groups (“ERGs”) that are open to all employees and provide a forum to communicate and exchange ideas and build a network of relationships across the Company. Our ERGs are designed to help educate and motivate our global workforce, strengthening our business practices. The make-up of our Board of Directors reflects our efforts to seek the most qualified board candidates with a broad range of experiences and perspectives. Our Executive Leadership Team ("ELT") is currently comprised of our chief executive officer, two executive vice presidents and three senior vice presidents who oversee crucial functions and business units within the Company. By virtue of our secondary listing on the London Stock Exchange, International Paper is now subject to certain board composition disclosure requirements under the UK Listing Rules (the “UKLR”) established by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA"). The information below is required under UKLR 14.3.30R. The required disclosure below is set out as of December 31, 2025 and the data provided in relation to the Board and executive officers has been collected through the annual Directors and Officers’ questionnaire. UKLR Reporting Standards (the "Standards") Result Further notes At least 40% of the Board are women. Not met 30% of the Board were women. At least one member of the Board is from an ethnic minority. Met There were two ethnic minority men on the Board. At least one of the senior Board positions (Chair, CEO, Senior Independent Director (SID) or CFO) is a woman. Not met The senior Board positions of Chairman, CEO, CFO and Lead Director are currently held by men. Until the individuals in those positions retire or otherwise leave, the Company will not meet the Standards. In accordance with UKLR 14.3.31R, numerical data on the ethnic background and sex of the individuals on the Company’s Board and in its executive management as of December 31, 2025 is set out below: 6 Table of Contents Number of Board Members Percentage of the Board 1 Number of senior positions on the Board (CEO, CFO, SID and Chair) 2 Number in executive management 3 Percentage of executive management Men 7 70% 2 4 5 5 100% Women 3 30% 6 — 0 7 —% Not specified/prefer not to say — —% — — —% White British or other White (including minority white groups) 8 80% 2 5 100% Mixed multiple ethnic groups — —% — — —% Asian/Asian British — —% — — —% Black/African Caribbean/Black British 2 20% — — —% Other ethnic group including Arab — —% — — —% Not specified/prefer not to say — —% — — —% 1 Information presented in this column reflects only our non-employee directors and does not include our CEO. 2 The Company is reporting on the positions of CEO, CFO, Chairman of the Board and Lead Director. 3 Executive management is defined, in accordance with the UKLR, as International Paper’s Executive Leadership Team, which includes our Corporate Secretary. 4 Andrew K. Silvernail holds the position of CEO and Chair. Christopher M. Connor holds the position of Lead Director, which is the equivalent of the SID. The position of CFO is not held by a member of the Board. 5 "Executive management" as used in this table includes our CEO. 6 As part of its succession planning, the Board actively considers highly qualified women candidates whose skills, experience and perspectives align with the Company's long-term strategy while advancing progress toward the objectives outlined in UKLR 14.3.31R. 7 Melissa S. Flores joined the Company as senior vice president, chief human resources officer on January 5, 2026. Following Ms. Flores's appointment, the number of women serving as members of executive management is 1 or 17%. COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT Our community engagement efforts extend across the globe and support social and educational needs through charitable giving, volunteerism and product donations. We also partner with agencies to help communities prepare for and recover from natural disasters. In 2025, we invested approximately $16 million to address critical needs in the communities around the world where we work and live. I NTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, PATENTS, AND TRADEMARKS We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, design, trade secret, and internet domain laws to establish and protect our intellectual property rights in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. The Company’s practice is to file applications and obtain patents for products and services we believe improve our value proposition to customers. We maintain a portfolio of trademarks and service marks registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in certain foreign jurisdictions, unregistered trademarks, licenses, and internet domain names that we consider important to the marketing of our products and business. These trademarks and service marks include those entity and product names that appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our logo, as well as names of other products and marketing-related taglines. Our registered intellectual property has various expiration dates. The Company also relies on trade secret and other confidential information protection for manufacturing processes, product specifications, formulae, analyses, market information, forecasts, and other competitively sensitive information. COMPETITION AND COSTS The packaging sector is large and fragmented, and the areas into which we sell our principal products are very competitive. Our products compete with similar products produced by other forest products companies. We also compete, in some instances, with companies in other industries and against substitutes for wood-fiber products. Many factors influence the Company’s competitive position, including price, cost, product quality and services. You can find more information about the impact of these factors on operating profits in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 7 Table of Contents MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION The Company sells products directly to end users and converters, as well as through agents, resellers and distributors. DESCRIPTION OF PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS The Company’s principal products fall into several categories as described below and also in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . We produce renewable fiber-based packaging solutions, primarily servicing industrial consumer goods and e-commerce markets. The Company manufactures a broad range of containerboard and corrugated packaging products, which are used to protect, ship and display goods across diverse end-use categories. Our containerboard portfolio includes linerboard, medium, whitetop, and saturating kraft, which serve as the base materials for corrugated packaging. The Company converts containerboard into corrugated boxes, bulk bins, shipping containers and specialty packaging through its network of U.S. and international converting facilities. These products support customers in industries such as food and beverage, agriculture, industrial manufacturing, personal care pharmaceuticals and consumer goods. GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION The Company’s policy is to operate its mills and plants in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations such that it protects the environment and the health and safety of its employees. We operate our businesses and sell products globally. In each of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations governing various aspects of our business, including general business regulations as well as those governing the manufacturing, production, content, handling, storage, transport, marketing and sale of our products. Our operations are also subject to forestry reserve requirements, other environmental regulations and occupational health and safety laws. Violations can result in substantial fines, administrative sanctions, criminal penalties, revocations of operating permits and/or shutdowns of our facilities, litigation, other liabilities, as well as damage to our reputation. We incur costs to comply with these requirements. For additional information regarding risks associated with environmental matters, see Item 1A. Risk Factors – We are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations and other governmental requirements that may change in significant ways, and the cost of compliance, or the failure to comply with such requirements, could impact our business and results of operations. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION Our 2030 goals establish the foundation for our efforts to support healthy and abundant forests, strengthen communities, operate sustainably and advance renewable solutions. Through these efforts and more, the Company tackles the toughest issues in the value chain to improve its environmental footprint and promote the long-term sustainability of natural capital. Our approach to sustainability considers our entire value chain, from sourcing raw materials responsibly and working safely, to making renewable, recyclable products and providing a market for recovered products. To help inform and prioritize the focus of our sustainability strategy, we have engaged with internal and external stakeholders, assessed key issues, associated risks and opportunities, and incorporated sustainability considerations into our processes. The Company’s operations are subject to extensive and evolving federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment and became more so in 2025 in light of our increased scale and global presence. Company manufacturing processes involve discharges to water, air emissions, water intake and waste handling and disposal activities, all of which are subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations, along with requirements of environmental permits or analogous authorizations issued by various governmental authorities. Our continuing objectives include: (i) controlling emissions and discharges from our facilities to avoid adverse impacts on the environment, and (ii) maintaining compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Company has been named as a potentially responsible party ("PRP") in environmental remediation actions under various federal and state laws, including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended ("CERCLA"). For additional information regarding certain remediation actions, see 8 Table of Contents Note 14 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities of Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . For additional information regarding risks associated with environmental matters, see Item 1A. Risk Factors – We are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations and other governmental requirements that may change in significant ways, and the cost of compliance with such requirements, or the failure to comply with such requirements, could impact our business and results of operations. CLIMATE CHANGE The Company recognizes the impact of climate change on people and our planet. To manage climate-related risks, we are taking actions throughout our value chain to help advance a low-carbon economy. We aligned our annual sustainability reporting with the recommendations of the International Financial Reporting Standards S2 Climate- related Disclosures in the 2024 reporting cycle. As part of our climate reports, we identify and report on climate- related opportunities. We identify and evaluate physical and transition climate-related risks through our enterprise risk management process. The Company's 2024 Climate Report (which, prior to 2024, was referred to as the Company's Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures Report or "TCFD Report") provides climate related disclosures as of December 31, 2024, consistent with the four core recommendations and 11 recommended disclosures set out in the June 2017 Final Report published by the TCFD (the "Final 2017 TCFD Report)". Our 2025 Climate Report, which will be available later in 2026, will provide climate related disclosures as of December 31, 2025, consistent with the four core recommendations and 11 recommended disclosures set out in the Final 2017 TCFD Report. For ease of review and given the detailed and technical content of these disclosures, the Climate Report is considered to be the most appropriate location for the disclosures. This statement is provided in accordance with UKLR 14.3.24R. Our corporate sustainability reports, including our 2024 and 2025 Climate Report, are or will be available at www.internationalpaper.com/reports. We transform renewable resources into recyclable products that people depend on every day. We aim to produce low carbon products that have a positive impact on nature. To this end, we source renewable fiber from responsibly managed forests and recycled raw materials. We then use a circular manufacturing process that makes the most of resources and byproducts, while reducing the environmental impacts of our operations. At the end of use, the majority of our low-carbon fiber-based products are recycled into new products at a higher rate than any other base material. We work to advance the shift to a low-carbon, circular economy by designing products that are 100% reusable, recyclable or compostable. Through improvements in operations, equipment, energy efficiency and fuel diversity, we are working to achieve company-wide reductions in Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions. As part of our 2030 goals, we targeted incremental reductions of 35% in our Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions by 2030 in comparison to 2019 levels. We intend to continue to evaluate and implement projects as we pursue this 2030 GHG goal. This includes ongoing energy efficiency efforts and capital projects to phase out our most carbon intensive fuel sources (Scope 1) as well as developing GHG reduction strategies for our energy sourcing (Scope 2) and broader supply chain footprint (Scope 3). In addition, we were an early adopter of the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (“TNFD”). We published our first TNFD report in 2025 with 2024 data that aligns with TNFD recommendations, which have been designed to (i) meet the corporate reporting requirements of organizations across jurisdictions; (ii) be consistent with the global baseline for corporate sustainability reporting; and (iii) be aligned with the global policy goals outlined in the Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework, which was adopted to halt and reverse nature loss by 2030. We use carbon-neutral biomass and manufacturing residuals to generate a majority of the manufacturing energy at our mills. We believe our efforts to advance sustainable forest management and restore forest landscapes are an important lever for mitigating climate change through carbon storage in forests. INTERNATIONAL EFFORTS The 2015 Paris Agreement compels international efforts and voluntary commitments toward reducing the emissions of GHGs. Although the United States has withdrawn from the 2015 Paris Agreement, IP recognizes the importance of global policy action to achieve emission reductions consistent with an increase of “well below 2 ° Celsius above pre-industrial levels and to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase even further to 1.5 ° Celsius.” Consistent with this objective, participating countries aim to balance GHG emissions generation and sequestration in the second half of this century or, in effect, achieve net-zero global GHG emissions. 9 Table of Contents To assist member countries in meeting GHG reduction obligations, the European Union operates an Emissions Trading System ("EU ETS"). Our operations in the EU experience indirect impacts of the EU ETS through purchased power pricing. To date, neither the direct nor indirect impacts of the EU ETS have been material to the Company. We continue to evaluate potential future impacts in light of (i) our plans to separate our EMEA packaging business into an independent public company and (ii) ongoing developments in the global climate-policy frameworks, including the evolution of the 2015 Paris Agreement's non-binding national commitments and transparency framework. or allocation of, and market prices for, GHG credits. In 2025, many countries failed to submit updated climate targets, which has contributed to continued uncertainty in the allocation and market pricing of GHG credits. Additionally, the EU’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (“CSRD”), Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive ("CSDDD") and Deforestation Regulation (“EUDR”), each impose additional compliance responsibilities on the Company. The CSRD requires additional reporting processes for greater accountability. The Company’s first reporting year under the CSRD is expected to be 2028. The CSRD standards replace the existing Non-Financial Reporting Directive and expand reporting requirements for companies operating in the EU. The implementation timeline varies depending on the type of entity. The CSDDD requires reporting and documentation about due diligence systems covering company and supply chains. The CSDDD became effective in 2024 and EU member states have two years to implement through national laws and decide on enforcement. The CSDDD implementation and compliance timeline may vary based on details once finalized by each member state. The EUDR requires companies trading in products derived from certain commodities to conduct extensive diligence on the value chain to ensure goods do not result from recent deforestation, forest degradation or breaches of local environmental and social laws. The Company is evaluating the implications of the EUDR to its business with expected reporting to begin after December 30, 2026. However, following the planned separation of our EMEA business into an independent public company, International Paper will review its obligations to report under these requirements. U.S. EFFORTS, INCLUDING STATE, REGIONAL AND LOCAL MEASURES Responses to climate change may result in regulatory risks as new laws and regulations aimed at reducing GHG emissions come into effect. The EPA manages regulations to: (i) control GHGs from mobile sources by adopting transportation fuel efficiency standards; (ii) control GHG emissions from new Electric Generating Units; (iii) control emissions from new oil and gas processing operations; and (iv) require reporting of GHGs from sources of GHGs greater than 25,000 tons per year. Several U.S. states have enacted or are considering legal measures requiring the reduction and reporting of GHG emissions by companies and public utilities. While current regulations in these jurisdictions have not had, and are not expected to have, a material impact on the Company, we continue to monitor developments closely. In particular, the State of California has enacted two laws that introduce expanded climate-related disclosure obligations: • California Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act (SB 253) requires annual public reporting of Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions, beginning with fiscal-year 2025 data to be disclosed by August 2026. • California Climate-Related Financial Risk Act (SB 261) mandates disclosure of climate-related reporting obligations on companies doing business in California meeting specified thresholds, subject to the resolution of ongoing legal challenges. In 2026, IP voluntarily self-reported under SB 261 using our 2024 Climate Report. The Company is actively preparing to meet the upcoming requirements of SB 261 and will continue to monitor state- level climate legislation, evaluate its implications on our operations and update disclosures as laws take effect and regularity clarity evolves. It is unclear what impacts, if any, future state-level or local GHG rules will have on the Company’s operations, as well as the outcome of any legal challenges to these rules. 10 Table of Contents SUMMARY Regulation related to GHGs and climate change continues to evolve in the areas of the world in which we do business. Because it remains unclear what actions regulators may take or when such actions may occur, it is not reasonably possible at this time to estimate the Company’s costs of compliance with rules that have not yet been adopted or implemented, may never be adopted or implemented or may be subject to legal challenge. In addition to possible direct impacts, future legislation and regulation could indirectly impact the Company. For example, higher prices for transportation, energy and other inputs, as well as more protracted air permitting processes, could cause delays and higher costs to implement capital projects. Other possible indirect impacts include influence on competitive position due to customer and end-consumer preferences regarding low-carbon, circular products with a high recycling rate along with tax credit and funding opportunities to expand green energy production and carbon credit generation. The Company has controls and procedures in place designed to track GHG emissions from our facilities and stay informed about developments concerning possible climate-related laws, regulations, accords, and policies where we operate. We regularly assess whether such developments may have a material effect on the Company, its operations or financial condition, and whether we have any related disclosure obligations under applicable rules and regulations. Moreover, compliance with legal requirements related to GHGs and/or climate change currently in effect or enacted in the future are expected to require future expenditures to meet GHG emission reduction, disclosure or other obligations. These obligations may include carbon taxes, the requirement to purchase GHG credits or the need to acquire carbon offsets. We may also incur significant expenditures in relation to our efforts to meet our internal targets or goals with respect to GHGs and climate change, including our 2030 goal on GHGs as discussed above. Furthermore, in connection with complying with legal requirements and/or our efforts to meet our internal targets and goals, we have made and expect to continue to make capital and other investments to displace traditional fossil fuels, such as fuel oil and coal, with lower carbon alternatives, such as biomass and natural gas. Rather than rely on carbon offsets, we focus on reducing energy consumption as well as relative GHG emissions across our mills and manufacturing facilities. Currently, these efforts and obligations have not materially impacted the Company, but such efforts and obligations may have a material impact on the Company in the future. We believe sustainability is a key element of corporate governance with oversight of management's initiatives and efforts provided by our Board of Directors and committees of the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors has primary oversight of the Company's enterprise risk management program, which includes sustainability. The Board receives updates from our Chief Sustainability Officer ("CSO") and additional members of management. Our Board also conducts periodic reviews of components of the sustainability strategy and performance and reviews material key sustainability-related developments and issues. Our standing committees share responsibility for sustainability as described below: Audit and Finance Committee • Reviews processes and controls for external reporting of sustainability and social impact data and metrics. • Reviews related disclosures in Annual Report on Form 10-K and other sustainability reports. Governance Committee • Reviews and reassesses adequacy of, and oversees compliance with, our Corporate Governance Guidelines. • Seeks Board of Director candidates with a broad range of skills, experiences and perspectives. Public Policy and Environment Committee ("PPE Committee") • Reviews sustainability and social impact policies, plans and performance to ensure commitments to stewardship. • Stays current on emerging sustainability and social impact trends and issues impacting the Company. At the management level, ownership and governance of sustainability matters is embedded in the organization from the top down. Our CEO and ELT are responsible for corporate strategy and leadership including incorporation of our sustainability goals and standards into our daily operations and long-term business strategy. Our ELT, which is comprised of two executive vice presidents and three senior vice presidents who report directly to the CEO and oversee critical functions and business units within the Company, evaluates sustainability issues based on input from the businesses. The ELT receives several sustainability updates from our CSO. 11 Table of Contents For additional information regarding risks associated with climate change and the evolving regulatory landscape, see Item 1A. Risk Factors – We are subject to risks associated with climate change and other sustainability matters and global, regional and local weather conditions as well as legal, regulatory and market responses to climate change; We are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations and other government requirements that may change in significant ways, and the cost of compliance with such requirements, or the failure to comply with such requirements, could impact our business and results of operations. Additional information regarding climate change and the Company is available in our annual Sustainability Report and Climate Report, both of which can, or will be, found on our website at www.internationalpaper.com. Our 2025 Sustainability Report and 2025 Climate Report will be available later in 2026. The information contained in such reports is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report that we file with or furnish to the SEC. Any targets or goals with respect to sustainability matters discussed herein or in our sustainability reports as noted above are forward-looking statements and may be aspirational. These targets or goals are not guarantees of future results and involve assumptions and known and unknown risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. RAW MATERIALS Raw materials essential to our businesses include wood fiber, mainly purchased in the form of pulpwood, wood chips and old corrugated containers ("OCC"), and certain chemicals, including caustic soda, starch and adhesives. For further information concerning fiber supply purchase agreements, see Liquidity and Capital Resources of Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following are the executive officers of our Company as of the date of this filing. Andrew K. Silvernail, 55, joined International Paper as chief executive officer on May 1, 2024 and became chairman of the International Paper Board of Directors on October 1, 2024. Mr. Silvernail has two decades of experience leading global companies in the manufacturing and technology sectors. He joined IP from KKR & Co., Inc., a global investment firm, where he served as an executive advisor, and 5 Nails, LLC, a private investment advisory firm where he served as founder, chair and chief executive officer (2022-2024). Prior to this role, Mr. Silvernail served as the chairman and chief executive officer of Madison Industries, one of the world’s largest privately held companies (2021). Prior to that, Silvernail served as chairman and chief executive officer of IDEX Corporation (NYSE: IEX) (2011-2020). Mr. Silvernail previously held executive positions at Rexnord Industries, Newell Rubbermaid (NASDAQ: NWL) and Danaher Corporation (NYSE: DHR). He serves on the board of directors of Stryker Corporation (NYSE: SYK) and Potter Global Technologies, a privately held company specializing in fire and safety solutions. Melissa S. Flores , 43, senior vice president, chief human resources officer since January 5, 2026. Ms. Flores leads the human resources function. Ms. Flores previously served as chief human resources officer for IDEX Corporation (NYSE: IEX) (2021-2025). Prior to that, she served in various other leadership roles at IDEX including Group Vice President of Talent (2019-2021) and Group Vice President of Human Resources. W. Thomas Hamic , 59, executive vice president and president - Packaging Solutions North America since September 1, 2024. In this role, Mr. Hamic leads the Container and Containerboard businesses in North America. Prior to this promotion, Mr. Hamic served as senior vice president - North American Container and chief commercial officer (January 2023-2024). Mr. Hamic also served as senior vice president - Global Cellulose Fibers and Enterprise Commercial Excellence (2020-2022) as well as various other leadership roles at the Company since joining International Paper in 1991. Lance T. Loeffler , 48, senior vice president, chief financial officer of the Company since April 1, 2025. In this role, he has leadership responsibilities for the Company’s global financial strategy and finance functions. Before joining IP, Mr. Loeffler worked for Halliburton (NYSE: HAL) where he most recently served as senior vice president, Middle East and North Africa (2022-2024). Prior to this role, Mr. Loeffler held other positions at Halliburton including executive vice president and chief financial officer (2018-2022). 12 Table of Contents Timothy S. Nicholls , 64, executive vice president and president – Packaging Solutions EMEA effective April 1, 2025. Prior to this role, he served two separate terms as the Company’s chief financial officer – from 2007-2011, and again from 2018-2025. At completion of the DS Smith business combination, Mr. Nicholls began serving in his current position leading the EMEA business. Mr. Nicholls previously served in various leadership roles at the Company since joining International Paper in 1999. Joseph R. Saab , 57, senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary since July 2022. In addition to leading all Legal functions for the Company, Mr. Saab also has responsibility for Corporate Security and served as the interim senior vice president – Human Resources twice during leadership changes (August 2024-February 2025; June 2025-January 2026). Mr. Saab previously served as vice president, deputy general counsel and assistant corporate secretary (2019-2022) and in other leadership roles with the Company since joining International Paper in 2001. There are no family relationships, as defined by the instructions to this item, among any of the Company’s executive officers and any other executive officers or directors of the Company. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical in nature may be considered “forward- looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking or conditional words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “could,” “should,” “can,” “forecast,” “outlook,” “intend,” “look,” “may,” “will,” “remain,” “confident,” “commit” and “plan” or similar expressions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and reflect management’s current views and speak only as to the dates the statements are made and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements regarding anticipated financial results, economic conditions, industry trends, future prospects, and the anticipated benefits, execution and consummation of strategic corporate transactions. Factors which could cause actual results to differ include but are not limited to: (i) our ability to consummate and achieve the benefits expected from, and other risks associated with our plans to separate our North America and Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) operations into two independent public companies and other acquisitions, joint ventures, divestitures, spinoffs, capital investments and other corporate transactions on a timely basis or at all including the risk that an impairment charge may be recorded for goodwill or other intangible assets, which could lead to decreased assets and reduced net earnings; (ii) our ability to complete regional integration and implement our plans, forecasts, the internal control framework of DS Smith, including assessment of its internal control over financial reporting; (iii) risks associated with our strategic business decisions including facility closures, business exits, operational changes, restructuring initiatives and portfolio rationalizations intended to support the Company’s 80/20 approach for long-term growth; (iv) our failure to comply with the obligations associated with being a public company listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the London Stock Exchange and the costs associated therewith; (v) risks with respect to climate change and global, regional, and local weather conditions, as well as risks related to our targets and goals with respect to climate change and the emission of greenhouse gases and other sustainability matters, including our ability to meet such targets and goals; (vi) loss contingencies and pending, threatened or future litigation, including with respect to environmental and antitrust related matters; (vii) the level of our indebtedness, including our obligations related to becoming the guarantor of the DS Smith Euro Medium Term Notes programme, risks associated with our variable rate debt, and changes in interest rates (including the impact of currently elevated, but moderating, interest rate levels); (viii) the impact of global and domestic economic conditions and industry conditions, including with respect to current challenging macroeconomic conditions, inflationary pressures and changes in the cost or availability of raw materials, energy sources and transportation sources, supply chain shortages and disruptions, competition we face, cyclicality and changes in consumer preferences, demand and pricing for our products, and conditions impacting the credit, capital and financial markets; (ix) risks arising from conducting business internationally, domestic and global geopolitical conditions, military conflict (including the Russia/Ukraine conflict, the conflict in the Middle East, the further expansion of such conflicts, and the geopolitical and economic consequences associated therewith as well as broader geopolitical tensions involving major global actors, including those related to China and Venezuela), changes in currency exchange rates, including in light of our increased proportion of assets, liabilities and earnings denominated in foreign currencies, trade policies (including but not limited to protectionist measures and the imposition of new or increased tariffs; the effects of the U.S. Supreme Court’s recent decision striking down certain previously imposed tariffs and creating uncertainty regarding potential tariff refunds and the future scope of U.S. tariff authority; and the impact of new executive orders that may restructure or reauthorize tariff measures through alternative legal mechanisms, as well 13 Table of Contents as the potential impact of retaliatory tariffs and other penalties including retaliatory policies against the United States) and global trade tensions, downgrades in our credit ratings, and/or the credit ratings of banks issuing certain letters of credit, issued by recognized credit rating organizations; (x) the amount of our future pension funding obligations, and pension and healthcare costs; (xi) the costs of compliance, or the failure to comply with, existing, evolving or new environmental (including with respect to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions), tax, trade, labor and employment, privacy, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, and other U.S. and non-U.S. governmental laws, regulations and policies (including but not limited to those in the United Kingdom and European Union); (xii) any material disruption at any of our manufacturing facilities or other adverse impact on our operations due to severe weather, natural disasters, climate change or other causes; (xiii) cybersecurity and information technology risks, including as a result of security breaches and cybersecurity incidents; (xiv) our exposure to claims under our agreements with Sylvamo Corporation; (xv) our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and maintain good employee or labor relations; (xvi) our ability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; and (xvii) our ability to adequately secure and protect our intellectual property rights. These and other factors that could cause or contribute to actual results differing materially from such forward-looking statements can be found in our press releases and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, other risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that we currently believe to be immaterial could affect the accuracy of any forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward- looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of the material risks and uncertainties that could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. Risks Related to Industry Conditions • Fluctuations in the prices of and the demand for our products due to factors such as economic cyclicality and changes in customer or consumer preferences, and government regulations. • Changes in the cost and availability of raw materials, energy and transportation have recently affected, and could continue to affect, our profitability. • Competition and downward pricing pressure in the global packaging industry could negatively impact our financial results. Risks Related to Market and Economic Factors • Maintenance of two exchange listings may adversely affect liquidity in the market for our shares of common stock and result in pricing differentials of shares of common stock between two exchanges. • Developments in general business and economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the demand for our products, our financial condition and the results of our operations. • Changes in international conditions or other risks arising from conducting business internationally could adversely affect our business and operations. Risks Related to our Operations • We are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations and other government requirements that may change in significant ways, and the cost of compliance with such requirements, or the failure to comply with such requirements could impact our business and results of operations. • Material disruptions at one of our manufacturing facilities could negatively impact financial results. • We operate in a challenging market for talent and may fail to attract and retain qualified personnel, including key management personnel. • Our failure to maintain good employee or labor relations may affect our respective operations. • We may be unable to realize the expected benefits and costs savings associated with restructuring initiatives, including our 80/20 approach. • We may not achieve the expected benefits from strategic acquisitions, joint ventures, divestitures, spin-offs, capital investments, capital projects and other corporate transactions that are or will be pursued. • We are subject to cybersecurity and information technology risks related to breaches of security pertaining to sensitive company, customer, employee and vendor information as well as breaches in the technology used to manage operations and other business processes. • Our continued growth will depend on our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers. • Uninsured losses or losses in excess of our insurance coverage for various risks could have an adverse financial effect on our business. 14 Table of Contents • We may not be able to adequately secure and protect our intellectual property rights, which could harm our competitive advantage. • We may fail to identify or leverage digital transformation initiatives. Risks Related to the Separation • The proposed separation of our EMEA packaging business may not be completed, on the currently contemplated timeline or at all. Risks Related to our Indebtedness • Changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations could adversely affect our cost of financing and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. • The level of our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and impair our ability to operate our business. • We are subject to risks associated with variable rate debt. • Downgrades in the credit ratings of banks issuing certain letters of credit will increase our cost of maintaining certain indebtedness and may result in the acceleration of deferred taxes. Risks Related to Legal Proceedings and Compliance Costs • Results of legal proceedings could have a material effect on our consolidated financial results. • We could be exposed to liability for Brazilian taxes under our agreements with Sylvamo Corporation. • Failure to remediate a material weakness in DS Smith’s internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Risks Related to Climate and Weather and Social and Environmental Impact Reporting • We are subject to risks associated with climate change and other sustainability matters and global, regional and local weather conditions as well as by legal, regulatory, and market responses to climate change. Risks Related to our Pension and Healthcare Costs • Our pension and health care costs are subject to numerous factors which could cause these costs to change. • Our pension plans are currently fully funded on a projected benefit obligation basis; however, the possibility exists that over time we may be required to make cash payments to the plan, reducing the cash available for our business. The Company faces a variety of risks, including risks in the normal course of business and through global, regional, and local events that could have an adverse impact on its reputation, operations, and financial performance. The following are material risk factors of which we are aware, including risk factors that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statement. If any of the events or circumstances described in any of the following risk factors occurs, our business, results of operations and/or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected, and our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statements we make in any public disclosures. Additional factors that could affect our business, results of operations and/or financial condition are discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (including in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ) and in the Company’s other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. RISKS RELATED TO INDUSTRY CONDITIONS Fluctuations in the prices of and the demand for our products due to factors such as economic cyclicality and changes in customer or consumer preferences, and government regulation could materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Substantially all of our business has experienced, and is expected to continue to experience, cycles relating to industry capacity, customer demand, and general economic conditions. The length and magnitude of these cycles have varied over time and by product. Product prices and sales volumes have fallen in the past, and there can be no assurance that this will not recur. New or existing producers of paper and sustainable packaging products may add or adjust capacity affecting available supply. Further, changes in customer or consumer preferences may increase or decrease the demand for fiber-based products and non-fiber substitutes. Customer and consumer 15 Table of Contents preferences change based on, among other factors, cost, convenience, health concerns and perceptions and an increased awareness of sustainability considerations. In some areas, customers have increasingly shown interest in environmentally friendly products such as fiber-based packaging. Advances in non-fiber technologies such as plastic packaging or other materials could result in decreased demand for our products. In addition, legal developments, such as new governmental regulations on single-use packaging products could significantly alter the market for our products. Any of the foregoing, including a failure to anticipate and respond to changing trends, customer preferences and technological and regulatory developments, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. A lack of investor confidence in the paper and packaging industry could also have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. Changes in the cost and availability of raw materials, energy and transportation have recently affected, and could continue to affect, our profitability. We rely heavily on the use of certain raw materials (principally virgin wood fiber, recycled fiber, caustic soda, starch and adhesives), energy sources (principally biomass, natural gas, electricity and fuel oil) and third-party transport companies. The market price of virgin wood fiber varies based on availability, demand, quality, and source. The global supply and demand for recycled fiber may be affected by factors such as trade policies between countries, individual governments’ legislation and regulations, and general macroeconomic conditions. In addition, the increase in demand of products manufactured, in whole or in part, from recycled fiber, on a global basis, may cause significant fluctuations in recycled fiber prices. Taking into account ongoing inflationary conditions in domestic and global markets, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, a significant increase in various costs, including recycled fiber, energy, freight, chemical, and other supply chain costs, which has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our operations. Moreover, the availability of labor and the market price for fuel may affect third-party transportation costs. In addition, because our business operates in highly competitive industry segments, we have not always been able to, and may in the future be unable to, recoup past or future increases in the costs of any raw materials, energy sources or transportation sources from customers, which significantly affect profitability. In addition, where we are able to recoup our cost increases, there may be a delay between the onset of the cost increases and the recoupment. Any inability to recover input cost increases could lead to a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. We have significant exposure to energy costs, in particular gas, electricity and other fuel costs. Energy prices have fluctuated dramatically in the past and may continue to increase and/or fluctuate in the future. Transportation costs are also impacted by energy costs since a key component of transportation costs relates to the cost of oil. We have employed and expect to continue to employ, strategies, including hedging a portion of our energy costs, and risk mitigation tools to reduce the volatility of energy costs and ensure a degree of certainty over future energy costs. However, there can be no certainty that those strategies and tools will continue to manage such impact in the future. Volatile and increasing energy prices, including as a consequence of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine as well as heightened geopolitical tensions in regions such as the Middle East, China, and recent events in Venezuela, or a failure to effectively implement such strategies and tools could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. Competition and downward pricing pressure in the global packaging industry could negatively impact our financial results. We operate in a competitive international environment. Our products compete with other forest products and packaging companies in the markets where we operate. Product innovations, manufacturing and operating efficiencies, additional manufacturing capacity, distribution and commercial strategies pursued or achieved by competitors, and the entry of new competitors, could negatively impact our financial results. In addition, our products compete with companies that produce substitutes for wood- fiber products, such as plastics and various types of metal. Customer shifts away from wood-fiber products toward such substitute products may adversely affect our business and financial results. Further, we depend on critical suppliers and key customers. An inability to foster these relationships and to manage any material changes in commercial terms and service levels could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 16 Table of Contents Pricing in the paper and packaging industries can be affected by, among other things, product commoditization, changes in demand, entrance or withdrawal of new competitors or capacity, changes in product supply, and the introduction of new products, technologies and equipment, including the use of artificial intelligence ("AI") and machine learning solutions. We face significant pressure to reduce per unit costs to achieve commercially acceptable returns. In circumstances where we are unable to adjust the relevant cost base sufficiently, pricing pressure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. RISKS RELATED TO MARKET AND ECONOMIC FACTORS Our maintenance of two exchange listings may adversely affect liquidity in the market for our shares of common stock and result in pricing differentials of shares of common stock between the two exchanges. Trading in shares of common stock on the London Stock Exchange ("LSE") and the NYSE takes place in different currencies (pound sterling on the LSE and U.S. dollars on the NYSE) and at different times (resulting from different time zones, different trading hours and different trading days for the LSE and the NYSE). The trading prices of shares of common stock on these two exchanges may at times differ due to these and other factors. Any decrease in the price of shares of common stock on the NYSE could cause a decrease in the trading price of shares of common stock on the LSE and vice versa. The benefits we expect of the dual listing on the NYSE and the LSE, which are increased liquidity, visibility among investors and access to investors who may be able to hold listed shares in the United Kingdom, but not the United States, and vice versa, may not be realized or, if realized, may not be sustained, and the costs and additional regulatory burdens associated with a dual listing may ultimately outweigh the associated benefits. We are affected by developments in general business and economic conditions, which could have an adverse effect on the demand for our products, our financial condition and the results of our operations including our ability to pay a cash dividend. General economic conditions may adversely affect industrial non-durable goods production, consumer confidence and spending, and employment levels, all which impact demand for our products, or otherwise adversely affect our business. We may also be adversely affected by catastrophic or other unforeseen events, natural disasters, geopolitical events, military conflicts, terrorism, port and canal blockages and similar disruptions, political, financial or social instability, or civil or social unrest. Future health epidemics or pandemics could also adversely impact portions of our business to varying degrees, including as the result of change in demand for certain products, supply chain and labor disruptions, and higher costs. These effects could have a material impact on our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Moreover, negative economic conditions or other adverse developments with respect to our business have resulted in and may in the future result in impairment charges, including impairments related to divested or acquired businesses whose carrying values may not be recoverable, any of which could be material. Volatility or uncertainty in the financial, capital and credit markets, and negative developments associated with interest rates, asset values, currency exchange rates and the availability of credit, could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could adversely affect our liquidity, access to capital markets and ability to pay a dividend. Macroeconomic conditions in the U.S., Europe and globally remain challenging and volatile. Recent periods have been characterized not only by persistent inflationary pressures, elevated interest rates, challenging labor market conditions, tariff policies and heightened trade policy uncertainty but also by slowing global economic growth, weakening global trade and investment flows, supply chain realignments, currency volatility, shifting fiscal and monetary policies across major economies and adverse effects and uncertainty associated with current geopolitical conditions. Our operations have been adversely affected and could continue to be adversely affected in the future, by these challenging macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, including as the result of lower demand for certain products, and higher raw material and labor costs. Further, because the markets for packaging products in many industrialized countries are generally mature, there is a significant degree of correlation between economic growth and demand for packaging products. Therefore, any deterioration in macroeconomic conditions in the U.S., Europe and/or globally resulting in a slowdown in economic growth may correlate with a corresponding decline in demand for packaging products in those markets. Moreover, any significant deterioration in current negative macroeconomic conditions, or any recovery therefrom that is significantly slower than anticipated, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, there can be no assurance that 17 Table of Contents dividends will continue to be declared or paid at historical levels, and any reduction or suspension of dividends could negatively impact our stock price. Further, if negative macroeconomic conditions result in significant disruptions to capital and financial markets, the cost of borrowing, our ability to access capital on favorable terms, and our overall liquidity could be adversely affected. Changes in international conditions or other risks arising from conducting business internationally could adversely affect our business and operations. As a global producer of renewable fiber-based packaging products, we operate in many different countries. As a result, we are vulnerable to risks related to our international operations. These risks, which can vary substantially by country, may include economic or political instability, geopolitical events, corruption, anti-American sentiment, expropriation measures, social and ethnic unrest, natural disasters, military conflicts and terrorism, the regulatory environment (including the risks of operating in developing or emerging markets in which there are significant uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforceability of legal requirements and the enforceability of contractual rights and intellectual property rights), adverse currency fluctuations, foreign exchange control regimes (including restrictions on currency conversion), downturns or changes in economic conditions (including in relation to commodity inflation), adverse tax consequences or rulings, import restrictions, controls or other trade protection measures, economic sanctions, health guidelines and safety protocols, nationalization, changes in social, political or labor conditions, and adverse developments regarding sustainability, environmental regulations and trade policies and agreements, any of which risks could negatively affect our financial results. For example, a portion of our sales could be adversely affected by changes in economic conditions and demographics, including as a result of tariffs. Trade protection measures in favor of local producers of competing products, including governmental subsidies, tariffs, tax benefits and other measures may give local producers a competitive advantage and adversely impact our operating results and our business prospects in these countries. Likewise, disruption in existing trade agreements or increased trade friction between countries (such as in relation to the trade tensions between the U.S. and China), could have a negative effect on our business and results of operations by restricting the free flow of goods and services across borders. Additionally, the U.S. government in 2025 increased certain rates and broadened the scope of certain tariffs imposed on goods imported into the U.S., such as from China, which may strain international trade relations and increase the risk that foreign governments implement retaliatory tariffs on goods imported from the United States. Specifically, the U.S. federal government implemented tariffs on certain foreign goods and may implement additional tariffs on foreign goods. If lasting, such tariffs and any further legislation or actions taken by the U.S. federal government that restrict trade, such as additional tariffs, trade barriers, and other protectionist or retaliatory measures taken by governments in Europe, Asia, and other countries, could adversely impact our ability to sell products and services in our international markets. Tariffs have increased the cost of certain capital items, including materials and equipment used in our capital investments. These increased costs could adversely impact the profit margin that we earn on our products, which could make our products less competitive and reduce consumer demand. Countries may also adopt other protectionist measures that could limit our ability to offer our products and services. Conversely, these tariffs and retaliatory tariffs may be subject to further changes or negotiations which could lower or remove them in the near or longer term with a return to more normalized trade conditions in some instances. Due to this uncertainty, the ultimate impact of any tariffs and trade tension is unclear and will depend on various factors, including if there are negotiated bilateral agreements to remove or lower tariffs, and the timing, amount, scope and nature of the tariffs that remain implemented. Recent legal and policy developments have further increased uncertainty. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down several of the sweeping tariffs imposed through a series of executive orders, holding that the tariffs exceeded the authority granted under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act. The Court's ruling eliminated key tariffs on imports from numerous major trading partners and created uncertainty regarding the status of various trade agreements and tariff related obligations. The Court did not determine whether importers are owed refunds for tariffs previously paid, although estimates suggest that potential refunds could be substantial, and federal agencies must now determine how to administer the ruling. In response to the Supreme Court’s decision, the government announced new Executive Orders on February 20, 2026, aimed at restructuring U.S. tariff policy and exploring alternative statutory authorities to impose or maintain tariffs. The scope, timing, and implementation of these Executive Orders remains uncertain, and may result in new or modified tariff regimes, additional regulatory requirements, or further trade friction with U.S. trading partners. We may become entitled to refunds of certain tariffs previously paid; however, whether any refund will be available, and the amount and timing of any such refund, remain uncertain and subject to ongoing administrative processes and additional federal guidance. We are continuing to evaluate the impact of both the Supreme Court’s ruling and the new Executive Orders on our supply 18 Table of Contents chain, input costs, pricing, capital investments, and overall operating results, and the ultimate impact, if any, on our business is not yet known. We may continue to be adversely affected by ongoing geopolitical instability and the economic consequences and disruptions arising therefrom, including as the result of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the conflict in the Middle East, and increasing tensions between China and Taiwan. These risks may be further heightened in the event of the expansion in the scope or escalation of any such conflicts. In addition, changes to economic sanctions programs, could put us at risk of violating sanctions because of an existing presence in a newly sanctioned jurisdiction or relationship with a newly sanctioned entity if we fail or are unable to end such presence or relationship in a timely manner. In addition, our international operations are subject to laws related to operations in foreign jurisdictions, including laws prohibiting bribery of government officials and other corrupt practices. Anti-bribery laws such as the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, and similar worldwide anti-corruption laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to public officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Further, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control and other non-U.S. government entities maintain economic sanctions targeting various countries, persons and entities. We are also subject to the laws and regulations of governmental and regulatory agencies. Failure to comply with domestic or foreign laws could result in various adverse consequences for us including the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions, reputational damage and the prosecution of executives overseeing international operations. We are exposed to the translation of the results of overseas subsidiaries into their respective reporting currencies, as well as the impact of currency fluctuations on their commercial transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Adverse movements in foreign exchange rates relating to foreign currency denominated commodities, assets and liabilities, and transactions could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. RISKS RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS We are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations and other government requirements that may change in significant ways, and the cost of compliance with such requirements, or the failure to comply with such requirements, could impact our business and results of operations. As a publicly listed company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), and the listing requirements of the NYSE. By virtue of our secondary listing on the LSE, we are also subject to the listing requirements of the LSE, the Market Abuse Regulation and Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual and other reports with respect to our business, financial condition and results of operations. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we establish and maintain effective internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. Any failure to maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered implementing required new or improved controls could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of our common stock. Our operations are subject to regulation under a wide variety of domestic and international laws, regulations and other government requirements, including, among others, those relating to the environment, health and safety, labor and employment, data privacy, tax, trade, competition and corruption and health care. There can be no assurance that laws, regulations and government requirements will not be changed, applied or interpreted in ways that will require us to modify our respective operations and objectives or affect our respective returns on investments by restricting existing activities and products or increasing costs. In addition, any failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or other government requirements could have an adverse effect on our reputation and financial results or may result in, among other things, litigation, revocation of required licenses, internal investigations, governmental investigations or proceedings, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. We are subject to increasingly stringent federal, state, local and international laws governing the protection of the environment that continue to evolve as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies and as pending or future litigation is resolved. The changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance, sustainability matters and public disclosures in various jurisdictions create uncertainty for public 19 Table of Contents companies, increase legal and compliance costs and make activities more time consuming. We have incurred, and, following completion of our planned separation of the EMEA packaging business, expect to continue to incur and invest resources, significant capital, operating and other expenditures complying with applicable and forthcoming environmental laws and regulations, including with respect to GHG emissions and other climate-related matters. These investments may lead to higher operating expenses as the cost of compliance increases. Our environmental expenditures include, among other areas, those related to air and water quality, waste disposal and the cleanup of soil and groundwater, including situations where we have been identified as a potentially responsible party. Following the separation of our EMEA packaging business, we will evaluate our exposure to international climate regulations. There can be no assurance that future remediation requirements and compliance with existing and new laws and requirements will not require significant expenditures, or that existing reserves for specific matters will be adequate to cover future costs. We could also incur substantial fines or sanctions, enforcement actions (including orders limiting operations or requiring corrective measures), natural resource damages claims, cleanup and closure costs, third-party claims for property damage and personal injury and reputational harm as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws, regulations, codes and common law. The amount and timing of environmental expenditures is difficult to predict, and, in some cases, liability may be imposed without regard to contribution or to whether we knew of, or caused, the release of hazardous substances. Additionally, if our compliance efforts with new applicable laws, regulations, and standards do not align with the expectations of regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities in their application and implementation, or if they differ from interpretations arising from related litigation, we may face legal actions. This could negatively impact our business, financial condition, operational results, and cash flow. Our global operations are subject to complex and evolving domestic and international data privacy laws and regulations, such as the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation, the UK's General Data Protection Regulation, any supplemental applicable European Union member state or UK national data protection laws, China’s Personal Information Protection Law and comprehensive privacy laws in many U.S. states. These laws impose a range of compliance obligations regarding the handling of personal data. There are significant penalties for non-compliance, including monetary fines, disruption of operations and reputational harm. Moreover, other states and governmental authorities around the world have introduced or passed, or are considering, similar legislation which may impose varying standards and requirements on data collection, use and processing activities. This increasingly restrictive and evolving global regulatory environment related to data privacy and data protection may continue to require changes to our business practices, and give rise to significantly expanded compliance burdens, costs and enforcement risks. Moreover, many of these laws and regulations are subject to uncertain application, interpretation or enforcement standards that could result in claims, changes to business practices, data processing and security systems, penalties, increased operating costs or other impacts on our business. Additionally, regulatory bodies and others tasked with enforcing privacy and data protection laws have been actively engaging in enforcement investigations and actions. These laws often provide for civil penalties for violations, as well as private rights of action for data breaches that may increase data breach litigation. We use internal and external resources to monitor compliance with relevant legislation and continually evaluate and, where necessary, modify data processing practices and policies to comply with evolving privacy laws. Nevertheless, relevant regulatory authorities could determine that our data handling practices fail to address all the requirements of certain new laws, which could subject us to penalties and/or litigation. In addition, there is no assurance that our security controls over personal data, the training of employees and vendors on data privacy and data security, and policies, procedures and practices will prevent the improper handling of, disclosure of or access to personal data. Any such unauthorized access, use or disclosure in violation of applicable privacy and data protection laws could cause reputational harm and loss of consumer confidence and subject us to government enforcement actions (including fines), or result in private litigation, which could result in loss of revenue, increased costs, liability for monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, all of which could negatively affect our business and operating results. We are also exposed to the risk of changes in tax law and tax rates in a number of jurisdictions. The costs associated with these laws and regulations are substantial and possible future laws and regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations (including the imposition of higher taxes) could require us to incur additional expenses or capital expenditures or result in restrictions on or suspensions of operations. For example, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (the “OECD”) has issued a framework pursuant to which EU and non-EU countries (including countries in which we operate) have enacted a 15% global minimum tax applied on a country- by-country basis (the “Pillar Two rule”). In many of the countries implementing the Pillar Two rule, the first component of the Pillar Two rule became effective in 2024 and the second component in 2025. In January 2026, the 20 Table of Contents OECD/G20 issued administrative guidance modifying application of the Pillar Two rule through a Side-by-Side system introducing two new Pillar Two safe harbors for US-parented multinational corporations, effective beginning in 2026. The application of these safe harbors by each country that has implemented Pillar Two now depends on the respective countries’ enacting the Side-by-Side system. It is possible that the Pillar Two rule could adversely impact our effective tax rate in future periods. Additionally, administrative guidance with respect to tax law can be incomplete or vary from legislative intent, and therefore the application of the tax law is uncertain. While we believe our reported positions comply with relevant tax laws and regulations, taxing authorities could interpret the application of certain laws and regulations differently. We have been and continue to be subject to tax audits in various taxing jurisdictions around the world. In some cases, we have appealed, and may continue to appeal, assessments by taxing authorities, including in the court system. As such, tax controversy matters may result in previously unrecorded tax expenses, accelerated cash tax payments, higher future tax expenses, or the assessment of interest and penalties. AI continues to evolve rapidly, and, as with many technological innovations, it presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption and our business. Uncertainty in the global and legal regulatory regime relating to AI may require significant resources to modify and maintain business practices to comply with international laws, the nature of which cannot be determined at this time. Multiple jurisdictions, including Europe, the U.S. federal government, and certain U.S. states, have already proposed or enacted laws, regulations, and other requirements governing AI. In Europe, the EU AI Act, adopted in May 2024, entered its implementation phase in 2025 and imposes extensive transparency, risk management and data governance obligations for AI systems, particularly those classified as high risk, with significant fines for noncompliance. Additional implementing measures are expected. In the United States, 2025 marked a shift in federal AI policy with the government establishing a national AI policy framework aimed at asserting federal preemption over divergent state AI laws. States continue to adopt AI statutes creating varied compliance regimes addressing accountability, automated decision-making, transparency, worker protections and privacy. Changes in regulatory regimes, or the adoption of new or more restrictive requirements, could make it more difficult to use AI tools, require us to change our business practices, or limit AI usage which may lead to inefficiencies or competitive disadvantages. Material disruptions at one of our manufacturing facilities could negatively impact financial results. We operate facilities in compliance with applicable rules and regulations and take measures to minimize the risks of disruption. A material disruption at our corporate headquarters, a manufacturing facility or key mill could prevent us from meeting customer demand, reduce sales and/or negatively impact our financial condition. Any of our manufacturing facilities or any machines within an otherwise operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, including: • adverse weather events like fires, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, winter storms and extreme temperatures, or other catastrophes (including adverse weather conditions that may be intensified by climate change); • the effect of a drought or reduced rainfall on its water supply; • disruption in the supply of raw materials or other manufacturing inputs; • terrorism or threats of terrorism, security incidents or other threats to employee safety; • information system disruptions or failures due to any number of causes, including cyber-attacks; • domestic and international laws and regulations applicable to us and any of our respective business partners, including joint venture partners, around the world; • unscheduled maintenance outages; • prolonged power failures; • an equipment failure; 21 Table of Contents • a chemical spill or release; • explosion of a boiler or other equipment; • damage or disruptions caused by third parties operating on or adjacent to a manufacturing facility; • disruptions in the transportation infrastructure, including roads, bridges, railroad tracks and tunnels; • a widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis or any impacts related to government regulation as a result thereof; • failure of third-party service providers and business partners to satisfactorily fulfill their commitments and responsibilities in a timely manner and in accordance with agreed upon terms; • labor difficulties; and • other operational problems. Any such downtime or facility damage could prevent us from meeting production targets, customer demand and satisfying customer requirements, which may necessitate unplanned expenditures, resulting in lower sales and have a negative effect on our financial results. We operate in a challenging market for talent and may fail to attract and retain qualified personnel, including key management personnel. Our ability to operate and grow our business depends on our ability to attract and retain employees with the skills necessary to operate and maintain our facilities, produce our products and serve our customers. The market for both hourly workers and salaried workers continues to be competitive, particularly for employees with specialized technical and trade experience. This, along with the current competitive labor market and ongoing cost-pressured conditions, has led to higher labor costs. In addition, we rely on our key executive and management personnel to manage our business efficiently and effectively. The unanticipated departure of key executive and management employees, particularly in a challenging market for attracting and retaining employees, could adversely affect our business. Moreover, changing demographics and labor work-force trends, including evolvin