=== PFE_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors sections. Regulatory Environment Pipeline Productivity Our product lines must be replenished over time to offset revenue losses when products lose exclusivity or market share or to respond to healthcare and innovation trends, as well as to provide for earnings growth, primarily through internal R D or through collaborations, acquisitions, JVs, licensing or other arrangements. As a result, we devote considerable resources to our R D activities which, while essential to our growth, incorporate a high degree of risk and cost, including whether a particular product candidate or new indication for an in-line product will achieve the desired clinical endpoint or safety profile, will be approved by regulators or will be successful commercially. Clinical trials are conducted to determine, among other things, whether an investigational drug, vaccine or device is safe and effective for a particular patient population. After a product has been approved or authorized and launched, we continue to monitor its safety as long as it is available to patients, including conducting postmarketing trials, voluntarily or pursuant to a regulatory request. For the entire life of the product, we collect safety data and report safety information to the FDA and other regulators. Regulatory authorities evaluate potential safety concerns and take any regulatory action deemed necessary and appropriate. Such action(s) may include: updating a product s labeling, restricting its use, communicating new safety information or, in rare cases, seeking to suspend or remove a product from the market. Intellectual Property Rights and Collaboration/Licensing Rights The loss, expiration or invalidation of intellectual property rights, patent litigation settlements and judgments, and the expiration of co-promotion and licensing rights can have a material adverse effect on our revenues. Certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years, and we expect certain products to face new or increased generic competition over the next few years. We anticipate a significant reduction of revenue from patent-based or regulatory exclusivity expiries in 2026 through 2030 as several of our in-line products experience these expirations, with the rate of the reduction of revenues from patent-based or regulatory exclusivity expiries expected to significantly accelerate over the next few years. In 2026, the impact from patent-based or regulatory exclusivity expiries is expected to be $1.5 billion. We continue to vigorously defend our patent rights against infringement, and we will continue to support efforts that strengthen worldwide recognition of patent rights while taking necessary steps to help ensure appropriate patient access. For additional information on patent rights we consider most significant to our business as a whole, including U.S., major Europe and Japan basic product patent expiration years, see the Item 1. Business Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights section. For a discussion of recent developments with respect to patent litigation involving certain of our products, see Note 16A1 . Regulatory Environment/Pricing and Access Government and Other Payor Group Pressures The pricing of medicines and vaccines by pharmaceutical manufacturers and the cost of healthcare, which includes medicines, vaccines, medical services and hospital services, continues to be important to payors, governments, patients, and other stakeholders. Federal and state governments and private third-party payors in the U.S. continue to take action to manage the utilization and cost of drugs, including increasingly employing formularies to control costs and encourage utilization of certain drugs, including through the use of deductibles, utilization management tools, cost sharing or formulary placement. We consider a number of factors impacting the pricing of our medicines and vaccines. Within the U.S., we often engage with and receive feedback from patients, doctors and healthcare plans. We also often provide significant discounts from the list price to insurers, including PBMs and MCOs. The price that patients pay in the U.S. for prescribed medicines and vaccines is ultimately set by healthcare providers and insurers, including government healthcare programs. Governments globally, as well as private third-party payors in the U.S., may use a variety of measures to control costs, including, among others, legislative or regulatory pricing reforms, drug formularies (including tiering and utilization management tools), cross country collaboration and procurement, price cuts, mandatory rebates, health technology assessments, forced Pfizer Inc. 2025 Form 10-K 32 localization as a condition of market access, international reference pricing (i.e., the practice of a country linking its regulated medicine prices to those of other countries), quality consistency evaluation processes, clawbacks and volume-based procurement. We anticipate that these and similar initiatives will continue to increase pricing and access pressures globally. In the U.S., we expect to see continued focus by the U.S. government and states on regulating drug pricing and access to medicine, including but not limited to, international reference pricing, including Most-Favored-Nation (MFN) drug pricing. The drug pricing provisions of the IRA have been and continue to be implemented over the next several years. In August 2023, CMS selected Eliquis for the MDPNP, and its government-set Maximum Fair Price became effective January 1, 2026. CMS has since selected Ibrance and Xtandi for the MDPNP with Maximum Fair Price effective in 2027 and Xeljanz for Maximum Fair Price effective in 2028, and additional future selections could lead to lower revenues. We continue to evaluate the impact of the IRA on our business, operations and financial condition and results as the full effect of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain. The IRA also made significant changes to the Medicare Part D benefit design (IRA Medicare Part D Redesign), which took effect beginning in 2025 and negatively impacted our 2025 revenues by approximately $1 billion. We do not expect a material, incremental impact from the IRA Medicare Part D Redesign in 2026 versus the baseline set in 2025. These changes more acutely impacted our higher-priced medicines as they reached catastrophic coverage earlier in the year. In addition, changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or the 340B Program, including legal or legislative developments at the federal or state level with respect to the 340B Program, could have a material impact on our business. See the Item 1. Business Pricing Pressures and Managed Care Organizations and Government Regulation and Price Constraints and the Item 1A. Risk Factors Pricing and Reimbursement sections. Policy/Regulatory Environment New and potential policy, regulatory or other changes from the U.S. Presidential administration, Congress and states, including, among others, increased or new regulatory requirements, including heightened requirements for licensure, changes, delays or failure to receive recommendations, reimbursement and regulatory approvals and coverage for our vaccines and medicines could have a material adverse effect on our business, earnings, cash flows, liquidity and financial guidance. Impact of the July 2023 Tornado in Rocky Mount, North Carolina (NC) Our manufacturing facility in Rocky Mount, NC was damaged by a tornado in July 2023. The facility is a key producer of sterile injectables and is responsible for manufacturing nearly 25 percent of all our sterile injectables including anesthesia, analgesia, and micronutrients. Supply of medicines has recovered from the impact of the tornado. We incurred losses in 2023 and 2024 that were partially offset by insurance recoveries received. Product Supply We periodically encounter supply delays, disruptions and shortages, including due to voluntary product recalls and natural or man-made disasters. In response to requests from various regulatory authorities, manufacturers across the pharmaceutical industry, including Pfizer, are evaluating their product portfolios for the potential presence or formation of nitrosamines and we are actively engaging with regulatory authorities on this topic. If nitrosamines are detected in products, this may lead to submission of comprehensive data packages to regulatory authorities to support discussions on the relevant intake limit for the product and potential impact on patient supply, and, in some instances, may lead to market action for such products. We have not seen a significant disruption of our supply chain in 2025 and through the date of filing of this Form 10-K, and all of our manufacturing sites globally have continued to operate at or near normal levels. We do not anticipate the availability of raw materials to have a significant impact on our operations in 2026, but are monitoring potential supply chain disruptions as a result of ongoing geopolitical and trade negotiations, which could, among other things, impact costs. We are continuing to monitor and implement mitigation strategies to reduce any potential risk or impact including active supplier management, qualification of additional suppliers and advanced purchasing to the extent possible. For information on risks related to product manufacturing, see the Item 1A. Risk Factors Product Manufacturing, Sales and Marketing Risks section. Withdrawal of Oxbryta See the Product Developments section within MD A. The Global Economic Environment In addition to the industry-specific factors discussed above, we, like other businesses of our size and global extent of activities, are exposed to economic cycles. Certain factors in the global economic environment that may impact our global operations include, among other things, currency and interest rate fluctuations, global trade tensions, capital and exchange controls, local and global economic conditions including inflation, recession, volatility and/or lack of liquidity in capital markets, expropriation and other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property, legal protections and remedies, trade regulations, tariffs, tax laws and regulations and procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of, reimbursement for and access to our products, as well as impacts of political or civil unrest or military action and their economic consequences, geopolitical instability, terrorist activity, unstable governments and legal systems, inter-governmental disputes, public health outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters or disruptions related to climate change. Government pressures can lead to negative pricing pressure in various markets where governments take an active role in setting prices, access criteria or other means of cost control. In addition, issued or future executive orders or other new or changes in laws, regulations or policy regarding tariffs or other trade or foreign policy, could have a material adverse effect on our business, earnings, cash flow, liquidity and financial guidance. The actual impact of any new tariffs on our business would be subject to a number of factors including, but not limited to, restrictions on trade, the effective date and duration of such tariffs, countries included in the scope of tariffs, changes to amounts of tariffs, and potential retaliatory tariffs or other retaliatory actions imposed by other countries. We are currently evaluating the impact of the U.S. Supreme Court s February 2026 decision relating to executive authority to impose tariffs under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA). Although we do not believe this decision will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements, we continue to monitor developments and any potential impacts on our future financial results and business. This decision does not impact the Section 232 investigation of pharmaceuticals, nor executive authority to impose tariffs under other laws, including Section 232. Strategies intended to help mitigate the potential impacts on our business in the short-term have been implemented as well as those outlined in our voluntary agreement with the Trump Administration as discussed above. We are continuing to evaluate opportunities and developing plans which are intended to help mitigate the potential long-term impact of tariffs on our business and operations. For additional information on risks related to our global operations and changes in laws, see the Item 1A. Risk Factors Global Operations and Changes in Laws and Accounting Standards sections. COVID-19 In response to COVID-19, we developed Paxlovid and collaborated with BioNTech to jointly develop Comirnaty. As part of our strategy for COVID-19, we are continuing to make significant investments in breakthrough science. This includes evaluating Comirnaty and Paxlovid, investigating new variants of concern, and developing variant adapted vaccine candidates. In addition, we are exploring combination respiratory vaccines and next generation anti-infectives. See the Product Developments section within MD A. In 2023, we principally sold Comirnaty globally under government contracts. In September 2023, Comirnaty transitioned to traditional commercial market sales in the U.S., triggered by the expiration of contracts. Internationally, sales of Comirnaty are under a combination of private channels and government contracts, as we started transitioning to commercial markets in 2024. In 2025, due to seasonality of demand for COVID-19 vaccinations, the majority of our global revenues for Comirnaty were recorded in the fourth quarter. In 2026, we expect market share in commercial markets and revenue phasing similar to 2025, primarily concentrated in the second-half of the year. However, we could see Pfizer Inc. 2025 Form 10-K 33 continuous decline in vaccination rates due to additional changes in vaccination recommendations, and the expected impact has been incorporated in our 2026 financial guidance. See Item 1A. Risk Factors U.S. Healthcare Regulati on for a description of certain risks and uncertainties that could impact revenue from our portfolio of vaccines. In 2023, we principally sold Paxlovid globally to government agencies. On October 13, 2023, we announced an amended agreement with the U.S. government, which facilitated the transition of Paxlovid to traditional commercial markets in the U.S. Internationally, most revenue was generated through commercial channels in 2025. We expect a higher proportion of revenues to be delivered in the second-half of the year and revenues to fluctuate based on the timing, duration and severity of COVID-19 cases. The expected impact of lower demand has been incorporated in our 2026 financial guidance. For information on risks associated with our COVID-19 products, as well as COVID-19 intellectual property disputes, see the Forward-Looking Information and Factors that May Affect Future Results , Item 1A. Risk Factors COVID-19 , Intellectual Property Protection and Third-Party Intellectual Property Claims sections as well as Notes 16A1 and 17C . For additional information on revenues, see the Total Revenues by Geograph y and Total Revenues Selected Product Discussion sections within MD A. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS Following is a discussion about the critical accounting estimates and assumptions impacting our consolidated financial statements. Also, see Note 1C . For a description of our significant accounting policies, see Note 1 . Of these policies, the following are considered critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as they require the application of the most subjective and the most complex judgments: Acquisitions ( Note 1D ); Fair Value ( Note 1E ); Revenues ( Note 1G ); Asset Impairments ( Note 1M ); Income Taxes ( Note 1Q ); Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans ( Note 1R ); and Legal and Environmental Contingencies ( Note 1S ). For a discussion of recently adopted accounting standards, see Note 1B . Acquisitions We account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other things, that most assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their estimated fair value as of the acquisition date. To estimate fair value, we utilize an exit price approach from the perspective of a market participant. For further detail on acquisition accounting, see Note 1D . For further detail on the techniques and methodologies that we use to estimate fair value, see Note 1E . Historically, intangible assets have been the most significant fair values within our business combinations. We utilize an income approach to estimate the acquisition date fair value of each identifiable intangible asset. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include the amount and timing of projected net cash flows, the discount rate, the tax rate, and, for IPR D assets, the probability of technical and regulatory success (PTRS). All of these judgments and estimates can materially impact our results of operations. For further information on our process to estimate the fair value of intangible assets, see Asset Impairments below. We estimate the fair value of acquired inventory, including finished goods and work in process, by determining the estimated selling price when completed, less an estimate of costs to be incurred to complete and sell the inventory, and an estimate of a reasonable profit allowance for those manufacturing and selling efforts. The fair value of inventory is recognized in our results of operations as the inventory is sold. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the estimate of the fair value of inventory include stage of completion, costs to complete, costs to dispose and selling price. We estimate the fair value of acquired PP E using a combination of the cost and market approaches. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in these approaches are the values of asset replacement costs, comparable assets and estimated remaining economic lives of the assets. We estimate the fair value of contingent consideration utilizing an income approach, specifically a discounted cash flow method. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include the PTRS, discount rate and amount and timing of milestone events and projected sales. For the provisional amounts recognized for the Metsera assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date, see Note 2A . The estimated values are not yet finalized and are subject to change, which could be significant. We will finalize the amounts recognized as we obtain the information necessary to complete the analyses. We expect to finalize the amounts of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as soon as possible but no later than one year from the acquisition date. Revenues Our gross product revenues are subject to a variety of deductions, which generally are estimated and recorded in the same period that the revenues are recognized. Such variable consideration represents chargebacks, rebates, sales allowances and sales returns. These deductions represent estimates of the related obligations and, as such, knowledge and judgment are required when estimating the impact of these revenue deductions on gross sales for a reporting period. Historically, adjustments to these estimates to reflect actual results or updated expectations, have not been material to our overall business and generally have been less than 1% of revenues. Product-specific rebates, however, can have a significant impact on year-over-year individual product revenue growth trends. If any of our ratios, factors, assessments, experiences or judgments are not indicative or accurate estimates of our future experience, our results could be materially affected. The potential of our estimates to vary (sensitivity) differs by program, product, type of customer and geographic location. However, estimates associated with U.S. Medicare, Medicaid and performance-based contract rebates are most at risk for material adjustment because of the extensive time delay between the recording of the accrual and its ultimate settlement, an interval that can generally range up to one year. Because of this lag, our recording of adjustments to reflect actual amounts can incorporate revisions of several prior quarters. Rebate accruals are product specific and, therefore for any period, are impacted by the mix of products sold as well as the forecasted channel mix for each individual product. For further information, see the Product Revenue Deductions section within MD A and Note 1G . Asset Impairments We review all of our long-lived assets for impairment indicators throughout the year. We perform impairment testing for indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill at least annually and for all other long-lived assets whenever impairment indicators are present. When necessary, we record Pfizer Inc. 2025 Form 10-K 34 charges for impairments of long-lived assets for the amount by which the fair value is less than the carrying value of these assets. Our impairment review processes are described in Note 1M . Examples of events or circumstances that may be indicative of impairment include: A significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of the asset. For example, a successful challenge of our patent rights would likely result in generic competition earlier than expected. A significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used such as a restriction imposed by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, withdrawals or other unusual items that could affect our ability to manufacture or sell a product. An expectation of losses or reduced profits associated with an asset. This could result, for example, from a change in development plans or a change in a government reimbursement program that results in an inability to sustain projected product revenues and profitability. This also could result from the introduction of a competitor s product that impacts projected revenue growth, as well as the lack of acceptance of a product by patients, physicians and payors. For IPR D projects, this could result from, among other things, a change in outlook based on clinical trial data, a delay in the projected launch date or additional expenditures to commercialize the product. Changes in development plans and/or de-prioritization of certain assets. Identifiable Intangible Assets We use an income approach, specifically the discounted cash flow method to determine the fair value of intangible assets, other than goodwill. We start with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows associated with the asset, which incorporates the consideration of a terminal value for indefinite-lived assets, and then we apply an asset-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value amount. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions that impact our fair value estimates include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections and the impact of technological advancements and risk associated with IPR D assets, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the various risks inherent in the projected cash flows; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the jurisdictional mix of the projected cash flows. While all intangible assets other than goodwill can face events and circumstances that can lead to impairment, those that are most at risk of impairment include IPR D assets (approximately $21.8 billion as of December 31, 2025) and newly acquired or recently impaired indefinite-lived brand assets. IPR D assets are high-risk assets, given the uncertain nature of R D. Newly acquired and recently impaired indefinite-lived assets are more vulnerable to impairment as the assets are recorded at fair value and are then subsequently measured at the lower of fair value or carrying value at the end of each reporting period. As such, immediately after acquisition or impairment, even small declines in the outlook for these assets can negatively impact our ability to recover the carrying value and can result in an impairment charge. Goodwill Our goodwill impairment review work as of December 31, 2025 concluded that none of our goodwill was impaired and we do not believe the risk of impairment is significant at this time. In our review, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Qualitative factors that we consider include, for example, macroeconomic and industry conditions, overall financial performance and other relevant entity-specific events. If we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we then perform a quantitative fair value test. When we are required to determine the fair value of a reporting unit, we typically use the income approach. The income approach is a forward-looking approach to estimating fair value and relies primarily on internal forecasts. Within the income approach, we use the discounted cash flow method. We start with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows for the reporting unit, which includes the application of a terminal value, and then we apply a reporting unit-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value amount. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of technological risk and competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the various risks inherent in the projected cash flows; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the geographic diversity of the projected cash flows. For all of our reporting units, there are a number of future events and factors that may impact future results and that could potentially have an impact on the outcome of subsequent goodwill impairment testing. For a list of these factors, see the Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Result s and the Item 1A. Risk Factors sections. Benefit Plans For a description of our different benefit plans, see Note 11 . Our assumptions reflect our historical experiences and our judgment regarding future expectations that have been deemed reasonable by management. The judgments made in determining the costs of our benefit plans can materially impact our results of operations. The following provides (i) at the end of each year, the expected annual rate of return on plan assets for the following year, (ii) the actual annual rate of return on plan assets achieved in each year, and (iii) the weighted-average discount rate used to measure the benefit obligations at the end of each year for our U.S. pension plans and our international pension plans (a) : 2025 2024 2023 U.S. Pension Plans Expected annual rate of return on plan assets 7.8 % 7.7 % 8.0 % Actual annual rate of return on plan assets 9.8 1.3 10.4 Discount rate used to measure the plan obligations 5.6 5.7 5.4 International Pension Plans Expected annual rate of return on plan assets 5.1 4.9 5.1 Actual annual rate of return on plan assets 0.8 6.4 (4.6) Discount rate used to measure the plan obligations 4.7 4.1 4.4 (a) For detailed assumptions associated with our benefit plans, see Note 11B . Pfizer Inc. 2025 Form 10-K 35 Expected Annual Rate of Return on Plan Assets The assumptions for the expected annual rate of return on all of our plan assets reflect our actual historical return experience and our long-term assessment of forward-looking return expectations by asset classes, which is used to develop a weighted-average expected return based on the implementation of our targeted asset allocation in our respective plans. The expected annual rate of return on plan assets for our U.S. plans and international plans is applied to the fair value of plan assets at each year-end and the resulting amount is reflected in our net periodic benefit costs in the following year. Differences between the actual rate of return on plan assets and the expected annual rate of return on plan assets are immediately recognized through earnings upon remeasurement. The following illustrates the sensitivity of net periodic benefit costs to a 50 basis point decline in our assumption for the expected annual rate of return on plan assets, holding all other assumptions constant (in millions, pre-tax): Assumption Change Increase in 2026 Net Periodic Benefit Costs Expected annual rate of return on plan assets (a) 50 basis point decline $87 (a) The estimate excludes any potential mark-to-market adjustments. The actual return on plan assets was $1.1 billion during 2025 . Discount Rate Used to Measure Plan Obligations The weighted-average discount rate used to measure the plan obligations for our U.S. defined benefit plans is determined at least annually and evaluated and modified, as required, to reflect the prevailing market rate of a portfolio of high-quality fixed income investments, rated AA/Aa or better, that reflect the rates at which the pension benefits could be effectively settled. The discount rate used to measure the plan obligations for our significant international plans is determ