for further discussion of government action with respect to greenhouse gas and climate change and the associated risks to Chevron's business. Refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations Business Environment and Outlook on pages 35 through 37 for further discussion of climate change related trends and uncertainties. 
 Refer to Management ' s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations on pages 55 through 56 for additional information on environmental matters and their impact on Chevron, and on the company's 2024 environmental expenditures. Refer to page 54 through 55 and Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments for a discussion of environmental remediation provisions and year-end reserves. 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 As a global energy company, Chevron is subject to a variety of risks that could materially impact the company's results of operations and financial condition. 

 BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL RISK FACTORS 
 Chevron is exposed to the effects of changing commodity prices Chevron is primarily in a commodities business that has a history of price volatility. The most significant factor that affects the company's results of operations are the prices of crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids, which can be influenced by general economic conditions and level of economic 

 20 

 Table of Contents 
 growth, including low or negative growth; industry production and inventory levels; technology advancements, including those in pursuit of a lower carbon economy; production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries or other producers; weather-related damage and disruptions due to other natural or human causes beyond our control; competing fuel prices; geopolitical risks; the pace of energy transition; customer and consumer preferences and the use of substitutes; and governmental regulations, policies and other actions regarding the development of oil and gas reserves, as well as greenhouse gas emissions and climate change. Chevron evaluates the risk of changing commodity prices as a core part of its business planning process. An investment in the company carries significant exposure to fluctuations in global prices of crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids. 
 Extended periods of low prices for crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids can have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Among other things, the company's upstream earnings, cash flows, and capital expenditure programs could be negatively affected, as could its production and proved reserves. Upstream assets may also become impaired. Downstream earnings could be negatively affected because they depend upon the supply and demand for refined products and the associated margins on refined product sales. A significant or sustained decline in liquidity could adversely affect the company's credit ratings, potentially increase financing costs and reduce access to capital markets. The company may be unable to realize anticipated cost savings, expenditure reductions and asset sales that are intended to compensate for such downturns, and such downturns may also slow the pace and scale at which we are able to invest in our business, including our Chevron New Energies organization. In some cases, transferred liabilities, including for decommissioning of previously divested assets, have returned and may continue to return to the company when an acquirer of those assets subsequently defaults on the assumed transferred liabilities (e.g., bankruptcy). In addition, extended periods of low commodity prices can have a material adverse impact on the results of operations, financial condition and liquidity of the company's suppliers, vendors, partners and equity affiliates upon which the company's own results of operations and financial condition depend. 
 The scope of Chevron's business will decline if the company does not successfully develop resources The company is in an extractive business; therefore, if it is not successful in replacing the crude oil and natural gas it produces with good prospects for future organic opportunities or through acquisitions, exploration or technology, the company's business will decline. Creating and maintaining an inventory of economic projects depends on many factors, including obtaining and renewing rights to explore, develop and produce hydrocarbons; drilling success; reservoir optimization; technology advancements; ability to bring long-lead-time, capital-intensive projects to completion on budget and on schedule; partner alignment, including strategic support; and efficient and profitable operation of mature properties. 
 The company's operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control Chevron operates in both urban areas and remote and sometimes inhospitable regions. The company's operations are therefore subject to disruption from natural or human causes beyond its control, including risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, heat waves, and other forms of severe weather; wildfires; ambient temperature increases; sea level rise; war or other military conflicts such as the conflict in the Middle East and the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine; accidents; civil unrest; political events; fires; earthquakes; system failures; cyber threats; terrorist acts; and epidemic or pandemic diseases, some of which may be impacted by climate change and any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. 
 Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. While capital investment reviews and decisions incorporate potential ranges of physical risks such as storm severity and frequency, sea level rise, air and water temperature, precipitation, fresh water access, wind speed, and earthquake severity, among other factors, it is difficult to predict with certainty the timing, frequency or severity of such events, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. 
 Cyberattacks and events affecting Chevron's operational technology networks or other digital infrastructure could have a material adverse impact on the company's business and results of operations There are numerous and evolving risks to Chevron's cybersecurity and privacy from cyber threat actors, including criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage and employee malfeasance. These cyber threat actors, whether internal or external to Chevron, are becoming more sophisticated and coordinated in their attempts to access the company's information technology (IT) systems and data, including the IT systems of cloud providers and other third parties with whom the company conducts business through, without limitation, malicious software; data breaches by employees, insiders or others with authorized access; cyber or phishing-attacks; ransomware; attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and systems; and other electronic security breaches. The cyber risk landscape changes over time due to a variety of internal and external factors, 

 21 

 Table of Contents 
 including during organizational changes, relocating work to international geographies, or other corporate transactions; political tensions; war or other military conflicts; or civil unrest. Although Chevron devotes significant resources to prevent unwanted intrusions and to protect its systems and data, whether such data is housed internally or by external third parties, the company has experienced and will continue to experience cyber incidents of varying degrees in the conduct of its business. Cyber threat actors could compromise the company's operational technology networks or other critical systems and infrastructure, resulting in disruptions to its business operations, injury to people, harm to the environment or its assets, disruptions in access to its financial reporting systems, or loss, misuse or corruption of its critical data and proprietary information, including without limitation its intellectual property and business information and that of its employees, customers, partners and other third parties. Any of the foregoing can be exacerbated by a delay or failure to detect a cyber incident or the full extent of such incident. Further, the company is increasingly experiencing cyber incidents related to its third-party vendors. Some third-party vendors house the company's critical data and proprietary information on their IT systems, including the cloud; others have access to Chevron's IT systems or provide software through which threat actors could gain access or introduce malware to Chevron's IT systems. Our use of third-party software, services and support may also result in unintentional, non-malicious events or outages that affect our ability to operate critical business systems. Regardless of the precise method or form, events affecting our networks or digital infrastructure could result in significant financial losses, legal or regulatory violations, reputational harm, and legal liability and could ultimately have a material adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations. 
 The company's operations have inherent risks and hazards that require significant and continuous oversight Chevron's results depend on its ability to identify and mitigate the risks and hazards inherent to operating in the energy industry. The company seeks to minimize these operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair our ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability and/or disruption to operations. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, standards, processes and systems, behaviors and compliance mechanisms to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. In certain situations where Chevron is not the operator, the company may have limited influence and control over third parties, which may limit its ability to manage and control such risks. 
 The company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure The company does not have commercial insurance or third-party indemnities to fully cover all operational risks or potential liability in the event of a significant incident or series of incidents causing catastrophic loss. As a result, the company is, to a substantial extent, self-insured for such events. The company relies on existing liquidity, financial resources and borrowing capacity to meet short-term obligations that would arise from such an event or series of events. The occurrence of a significant incident, series of events, or unforeseen liability for which the company is self-insured, not fully insured or for which insurance recovery is significantly delayed could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. 
 Chevron may not complete the acquisition of Hess Corporation within the time frame the company anticipates or at all, which could have adverse effects on Chevron The completion of the acquisition of Hess Corporation (Hess) is subject to a number of conditions, including approval of any Guyanese governmental body, agency or authority that asserts its approval is required in connection with the transaction, which makes the completion and timing of the completion of the merger uncertain. 
 Hess Guyana Exploration Limited (HGEL), a wholly owned subsidiary of Hess, is currently in arbitration with respect to the right of first refusal (Stabroek ROFR) contained in an operating agreement among HGEL, affiliates of Exxon Mobil Corporation (Exxon), and China National Offshore Oil Corporation (CNOOC) regarding the Stabroek Block offshore Guyana. The arbitration merits hearing about the applicability of the Stabroek ROFR to the merger has been scheduled for May 2025, with a decision expected in approximately the following three months. If the arbitration does not result in a confirmation that the Stabroek ROFR is inapplicable to the merger, and if Chevron, Hess, Exxon and/or CNOOC do not otherwise agree upon an acceptable resolution, then there would be a failure of a closing condition under the merger agreement, in which case the merger would not close. 
 On December 7, 2023, Chevron and Hess each received a request for additional information and documentary materials (Second Request) from the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Following the FTC review of the transaction, on September 30, 2024, the FTC announced that a majority of the Commission voted to accept a consent agreement among the FTC, 

 22 

 Table of Contents 
 Chevron and Hess, resolving the concerns the FTC identified during its review of the transaction. Chevron and Hess have taken and will continue to take appropriate steps to maintain our ability under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act of 1976, as amended, to close the merger following satisfactory resolution of the ongoing arbitration proceedings regarding preemptive rights in the Stabroek Block joint operating agreement. Additionally, if any Guyanese governmental body, agency or authority of competent jurisdiction asserts that its approval is required as a result of the consequences of the merger in Guyana on Hess' assets in Guyana (which has not occurred as of the filing date of this report), approval of such governmental body, agency or authority will become a condition to each party's obligation to complete the merger. 
 The failure to satisfy all of the required conditions could delay the completion of the acquisition for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring at all. A failure to complete the acquisition would mean that we will not realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction. In addition, the terms and conditions of the required regulatory authorizations and consents for the acquisition that are granted, if any, may impose requirements, limitations or costs or place restrictions on the conduct of the company's business after the transaction or materially delay the completion of the acquisition. A delay in completing the acquisition could cause the company to realize some or all of the benefits later than we otherwise expect to realize them if the acquisition is successfully completed within the anticipated timeframe, which could result in additional transaction costs or in other negative effects associated with uncertainty about completion of the acquisition. 
 Acquisitions may cause Chevron's financial results to differ from the company's expectations or the expectations of the investment community, the company may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, and the acquisition may disrupt the company's current plans or operations The success of the pending acquisition of Hess will depend, in part, on Chevron's ability to successfully integrate the business of Hess and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies. Difficulties in integrating Hess may result in the failure to realize anticipated synergies in the expected timeframes, in operational challenges, and in the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns, as well as in unforeseen expenses associated with the acquisition, which may have an adverse impact on the company's financial results. 

 LEGAL, REGULATORY AND ESG-RELATED RISK FACTORS 
 Chevron's business subjects the company to liability risks from litigation or government action The company produces, transports, refines and markets potentially hazardous materials, and it purchases, handles and disposes of other potentially hazardous materials in the course of its business. Chevron's operations also produce byproducts, which may be considered pollutants. Often these operations are conducted through joint ventures over which the company may have limited influence and control. Any of these activities could result in liability or significant delays in operations arising from private litigation or government action. For example, liability or delays could result from an accidental, unlawful discharge or from new conclusions about the effects of the company's current or former operations or products on human health or the environment. In addition, to the extent that societal pressures or political or other factors are involved, it is possible that such liability could be imposed without regard to the company's causation of or contribution to the asserted damage, or to other mitigating factors. 
 For information concerning some of the litigation in which the company is involved, see Note 16 Litigation . 
 Political instability and significant changes in the legal and regulatory environment could harm Chevron's business The company's operations, particularly exploration and production, can be affected by changing political, regulatory and economic environments in the various countries in which it operates. As has occurred in the past, actions could be taken by governments to increase public ownership of the company's partially or wholly owned businesses, to force contract renegotiations, or to impose additional taxes, tariffs, royalties, fees, penalties or other costs. In a number of locations, including the European Union, governments have proposed or imposed restrictions on the company's operations, trade, currency exchange controls, burdensome taxes, and public disclosure requirements that might harm the company's competitiveness, return on investments, or relations with other governments or third parties. In other countries, political conditions have existed that may threaten the safety of employees and the company's continued presence in those countries, and internal unrest, acts of violence or strained relations between a government and the company or other governments may adversely affect the company's operations. Those developments have, at times, significantly affected the company's operations and results and are carefully considered by management when evaluating the level of current and future activity in such countries. Further, Chevron is required to comply with sanctions and other trade laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions where we operate, such as sanctions imposed in Venezuela and Russia, which, depending upon their scope, could adversely impact the company's operations and financial results in these countries. In addition, litigation or changes in national, state or local environmental regulations or laws, including those 

 23 

 Table of Contents 
 designed to stop or impede the development or production of oil and gas, such as those related to the use of hydraulic fracturing or bans on drilling, or any law or regulation that impacts the demand for our products, could adversely affect the company's current or anticipated future operations and profitability. 
 Legislative or regulatory changes in tax laws may expose Chevron to additional tax liabilities Changes in tax laws and regulations around the world are regularly enacted due to political or economic factors beyond the company's control. Chevron's taxes in the jurisdictions where the company conducts business activities have been and may be adversely affected by changes in tax laws or regulations, including but not limited to, substantive changes in, reductions in, or the repeal or expiration of, tax incentives. Furthermore, Chevron's tax returns are subject to audit by taxing authorities around the world. There is no assurance that taxing authorities or courts will agree with the positions that Chevron has reflected on the company's tax returns, in which case interest and penalties could be imposed that may have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. 
 During periods of high profitability for certain companies or industries, there are often calls for increased taxes on profits, often called "windfall profit" taxes. Governments in various jurisdictions, including California and Australia, have announced, proposed, or implemented windfall profit taxes for companies operating in the energy and oil and gas sectors. Such taxes may be imposed on us or may be increased in the future in these or other jurisdictions. The imposition of, or increase in, such windfall profit taxes could adversely affect the company's current or anticipated future operations and profitability. 
 For information concerning the company's tax liabilities, see Note 17 Taxes and Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments . 
 Legislation, regulation, and other government actions and shifting customer and consumer preferences and other private efforts related to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and climate change could continue to increase Chevron's operational costs and reduce demand for Chevron's hydrocarbon and other products, resulting in a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial condition Chevron has experienced and may be further challenged by increases in the impacts of international and domestic legislation, regulation, or other government actions relating to GHG emissions (e.g., carbon dioxide and methane) and climate change. International agreements and national, regional, and state legislation and regulatory measures that aim to directly or indirectly limit or reduce GHG emissions are in various stages of implementation. 
 Legislation, regulation, and other government actions related to GHG emissions and climate change could reduce demand for Chevron's hydrocarbon and other products and/or continue to increase Chevron's operational costs and reduce its return on investment. The Paris Agreement went into effect in November 2016, and a number of countries in which we operate have adopted and may adopt additional policies intended to meet their Paris Agreement goals. Globally, multiple jurisdictions are considering adopting or are in the process of implementing laws or regulations to directly regulate GHG emissions through a carbon tax, a cap-and-trade program, performance standards or other mechanisms, or to attempt to indirectly advance reduction of GHG emissions through restrictive permitting, procurement standards, trade barriers, minimum renewable usage requirements, financing standards, standards or requirements for environmental benefit claims, increased GHG reporting and climate-related disclosure requirements, or tax advantages or other incentives to promote the use of alternative energy, fuel sources or lower-carbon technologies. For example, the company operates in jurisdictions with developing or existing programs, such as the Renewable Fuel Standard program in the U.S., California's Cap-and-Trade Program and Low Carbon Fuel Standard, and mandates such as the California Air Resources Board Advanced Clean Cars II regulations, as well as other indirect regulation of GHG emissions, which may, among other things, ban or restrict technologies or products that use the company's products. GHG emissions that may be directly regulated through such efforts include, among others, those associated with the company's exploration and production of hydrocarbons; power generation; the conversion of crude oil, natural gas and biofeedstocks into refined hydrocarbon products; the processing, liquefaction, and regasification of natural gas; the transportation of crude oil, natural gas, and other products; and customers' and consumers' use of the company's hydrocarbon products. In addition, the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) implements various incentives for lower carbon activities, including carbon capture and storage and the production of hydrogen and sustainable aviation fuel. Although the IRA offers incentives that could support certain lower carbon lines of business, those same incentives could negatively impact supply and/or demand for our oil and gas products in the future or any existing or future lower carbon business lines. Many of these actions, as well as customers' and consumers' preferences and use of the company's products or substitute products, and actions taken by the company's competitors in response to legislation and regulations, are beyond the company's control. 

 24 

 Table of Contents 
 Similar to any significant changes in the regulatory environment, climate change-related legislation, regulation, or other government actions may curtail profitability, as well as render the extraction of the company's hydrocarbon resources economically infeasible. In particular, GHG emissions-related legislation, regulations, and other government actions, and shifting customer and consumer preferences and other private efforts aimed at reducing GHG emissions may result in increased and substantial capital, compliance, operating, and maintenance costs and could, among other things, reduce demand for hydrocarbons and the company's hydrocarbon-based products; increase demand for lower carbon products and alternative energy sources; make the company's products more expensive; adversely affect the economic feasibility of the company's resources; impact or limit our business plans; and adversely affect the company's sales volumes, revenues, margins and reputation. For example, some jurisdictions are in various stages of design, adoption, and implementation of policies and programs that cap emissions and/or require short-, medium-, and long-term GHG reductions by operators at the asset or facility level, which may not be technologically feasible, or which could require significant capital expenditure, increase costs of or limit production, result in impairment of assets and limit Chevron's ability to cost-effectively reduce GHG emissions across its global portfolio. Additionally, some jurisdictions are in various stages of enacting or implementing legislation that imposes retroactive liability on estimated past GHG emissions by certain energy producers and refiners. 
 The ultimate effect of international agreements; national, regional, and state legislation and regulation; and government and private actions related to GHG emissions and climate change on the company's financial performance, and the timing of these effects, will depend on a number of factors. Such factors include, among others, the sectors covered, the GHG emissions reductions required, the use of standardized carbon accounting, the extent to which Chevron would be able to receive, generate, purchase, or retire credits, the price and availability of credits and the extent to which the company is able to recover, or continue to recover, the costs incurred through the pricing of the company's products in the competitive marketplace. Further, the ultimate impact of GHG emissions and climate change-related agreements, legislation, regulation, and government actions on the company's financial performance is highly uncertain because the company is unable to predict with certainty, for a multitude of individual jurisdictions, the outcome of political decision-making processes and legal challenges, including the actual laws and regulations enacted, the variables and trade-offs that inevitably occur in connection with such processes, and market conditions, including the responses of consumers to such changes. 
 Attention to environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters impacts our company Attention to ESG matters, including those related to climate change and sustainability, evolving societal, investor and governmental pressure on companies to address ESG matters, and potential customer and consumer use of substitutes to Chevron's products have resulted and may continue to result in changes to the portfolio and company activities, increased costs, reduced demand for our products, reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation or threats thereof, negative impacts on our stock price and access to capital markets, impaired participation in public discourse and debate by the company relating to mandatory and voluntary standards and regulations, and damage to our reputation. For example, increasing attention to ESG matters, including climate change, has resulted and may result in the future in shifting demand for our hydrocarbon products, and have resulted in additional litigation and governmental investigations, or threats thereof, against the company. For instance, we have received investigative requests and demands from the U.S. Congress for information relating to climate change, methane leak detection and repair, and other topics, and further requests and/or demands are possible. At this time, Chevron cannot predict the ultimate impact any Congressional or other investigations may have on the company. Information related to climate-change related litigation matters is included in Note 16 Litigation under the heading "Climate Change." 
 Some stakeholders, including but not limited to sovereign wealth, pension, and endowment funds, have been divesting and promoting divestment of or screening out of fossil fuel equities and urging lenders to limit funding to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuel reserves. Further, voluntary carbon-related and target-setting frameworks have been developed that may limit the ability of certain sectors, including the oil and gas sector, from accessing capital, and may result in exclusion of the company's equity or debt from being included as an investment option in portfolios. In addition, some stakeholders, including some of our investors, have divergent and evolving views on our ESG-related strategies and priorities, vis- -vis our lines of business, calling for focus on increased production of oil and gas products rather than lower carbon business lines and climate-related targets. These circumstances, among others, may result in pressure from activists on production; unfavorable reputational impacts, including inaccurate perceptions or a misrepresentation of our actual ESG policies, practices and performance; diversion of management's attention and resources; and proxy fights, among other material adverse impacts on our businesses. 

 25 

 Table of Contents 
 In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters, including climate change and climate-related risks (including entities commonly referred to as "raters and rankers"). Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings and investment community divestment initiatives, among other actions, may lead to negative investor sentiment toward Chevron and to the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and our access to and costs of capital. Additionally, evolving expectations on various ESG matters, including human rights, biodiversity, waste and water, have increased, and may continue to increase costs, require changes in how we operate and lead to negative stakeholder sentiment. 
 Our ambitions and disclosures related to ESG matters subject us to numerous risks that may negatively impact our reputation and stock price or result in other material adverse impacts to the company Chevron has set a number of lower carbon-related ambitions, which may include aspirations, targets, guidance, objectives, metrics, and/or goals. In particular, Chevron has announced an aspiration to achieve net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions in upstream by 2050. The company also has set nearer-term GHG emission-related targets for upstream carbon intensity and portfolio carbon intensity. Chevron regularly evaluates its ambitions and expects to change or eliminate some of these aspirations, targets, and other ambitions for various reasons, including market conditions; its strategy or portfolio; and financial, operational, policy, reputational, legal and other factors. 
 Our ability to achieve any ambition, including with respect to climate-related initiatives, including those outlined in the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, pages 35 through 37, and any new businesses, is subject to numerous risks and contingencies, many of which are outside of Chevron's control. Examples of such risks and contingencies include: (1) sufficient and substantial advances in technology, including the continuing progress of commercially viable technologies and low- or non-carbon-based energy sources; (2) laws, governmental regulation, policies, and other enabling actions, including those regarding subsidies, tax and other incentives as well as the granting of necessary permits by governing authorities; (3) the availability and acceptability of cost-effective, verifiable carbon credits; (4) the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability-related standards; (5) evolving regulatory requirements, including changes to IPCC's Global Warming Potentials and the United States Environmental Protection Agency (U.S. EPA) Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program, affecting ESG standards or disclosures; (6) evolving standards for tracking and reporting on emissions and emission reductions and removals; (7) customers' and consumers' preferences and use of the company's products or substitute products; (8) actions taken by the company's competitors in response to legislation and regulations; and (9) successful negotiations for carbon capture and storage and nature-based solutions with customers, suppliers, partners, and governments. 
 The standards and regulations for tracking, reporting, disclosing, marketing and advertising related to ESG matters are relatively new, have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. Further, our selection of disclosure frameworks that seek to align with various voluntary reporting standards may change from time to time. Either of these circumstances may result in a lack of comparative data from period to period. 
 Our existing processes and controls may not align with evolving voluntary and mandatory standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics. Our interpretation of reporting standards may differ from those of others, and such standards may change over time, including through non-public processes, any of which could result in significant revisions to our goals or reported progress in achieving such goals. For example, Chevron's methane intensity target is calculated based on Compendium of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Methodologies for the Oil and Natural Gas Industry (2021), which requires use of local regulatory reporting methodologies where applicable. The U.S. EPA has adopted notable changes to reporting methodologies in its Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (40 C.F.R. Part 98.230), which are applicable to Chevron's U.S. operations. We expect these adopted changes may increase our reported emissions in future years, and therefore, increase our reported methane intensity. In addition, Chevron participates, along with other companies, institutes, universities, trade associations and other organizations, in various initiatives, campaigns, and other projects that express various ambitions, aspirations and goals related to climate change, emissions and energy transition. Chevron's individual ambitions, future performance or policies may differ from the ambitions of such organizations or the individual ambitions of other participants in these various initiatives, campaigns, and other projects, and Chevron may unilaterally change its individual ambitions. Achievement of or efforts to achieve ambitions such as the foregoing and future internal climate-related initiatives has, and may continue to, increase costs, and, in addition, may require purchase of carbon credits, or limit or impact the company's business plans, operations and financial results, potentially resulting in reduction to the economic end-of-life of certain assets, impairing the associated net book value, among other material adverse impacts. Our failure or 

 26 

 Table of Contents 
 perceived failure to pursue or fulfill such ambitions within the timelines we announce, or at all, or to satisfy various reporting standards and regulations could have a negative impact on the company's reputation, investor sentiment, ratings outcomes for evaluating the company's approach to ESG matters, stock price, and cost of capital and expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation, among other material adverse impacts. 

 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 Changes in management's estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance in any given period In preparing the company's periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including its financial statements, Chevron's management is required under applicable rules and regulations to make estimates and assumptions as of a specified date. These estimates and assumptions are based on management's best estimates and experience as of that date and are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty. Materially different results may occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include impairments to property, plant and equipment and investments in affiliates; estimates of crude oil and natural gas recoverable reserves; accruals for estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves; estimates for decommissioning obligations, including for previously divested assets; and measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other post-employment benefit plans. Changes in estimates or assumptions or the information underlying the assumptions, such as changes in the company's business plans, general market conditions, the pace of energy transition, or changes in the company's outlook on commodity prices, could affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities or expenses.