=== RIVN_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 and other important factors discussed in this report and from time to time in our other filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. You should read this Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in this Form 10-K and have filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K with the understanding that our actual future results, performance, and achievements may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K, whether as a result of any new information, future events, or otherwise. As used in this Form 10-K, unless otherwise stated or the context requires otherwise, references to Rivian, the Company, we, us, and our, refer to Rivian Automotive, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Summary of Risk Factors Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Form 10-K. The principal risks and uncertainties affecting our business include the following: We are a growth stage company with limited operating history and a history of losses. We expect to incur significant expenses and continuing losses for the foreseeable future and may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We expect to continue to incur significant cost of revenues, operating expenses, and capital expenditures, and we may underestimate or not effectively manage the cost of revenues, operating expenses, and capital expenditures associated with our business and operations. We will require additional financings to raise capital to support our business, which may not be available in a timely manner, on terms that are acceptable, or at all. The success of our business depends on attracting and retaining a large number of consumers and maintaining strong demand for our vehicles, software and services. If we are unable to do so, we will not be able to achieve profitability. The automotive and value added software and services markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we may not be successful in competing in these markets. 2 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. Our future growth is dependent on the demand for, and upon customers willingness to adopt, EVs. Our long-term results depend upon our ability to successfully introduce, integrate, and market new products and services, which may expose us to new and increased challenges and risks, and any inability to do so could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, significant delays in the manufacture and delivery of our vehicles, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We must continue to develop complex software and hardware in coordination with the Joint Venture and our other vendors and suppliers to reach mass production for our vehicles, and there can be no assurance such systems will be successfully developed or integrated on a timely basis or at all, or perform effectively once integrated. We are subject to risks associated with our joint venture with Volkswagen Group , including that a significant portion of our software and services revenues has been from Volkswagen Group. If the Joint Venture does not meet its operational objectives, or we do not achieve the anticipated incremental benefits and future revenue opportunities as a result of the Joint Venture then our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. We may be subject to risks associated with additional strategic alliances or acquisitions. We have experienced, and could experience in the future, cost increases and disruptions in supply of raw materials, components or equipment used to produce our vehicles. We are dependent on establishing and maintaining relationships with vendors and suppliers necessary for the production of our products and services, a significant number of which are single or limited source suppliers, and effectively managing the risks due to such relationships. We may not be able to accurately estimate the supply and demand for our vehicles, which could result in a variety of inefficiencies in our business and hinder our ability to generate revenues and profits. If we fail to accurately predict our manufacturing requirements, we could incur additional costs or experience delays. If we fail to scale our business operations or otherwise manage our future growth effectively as we attempt to rapidly grow the Company, we may not be able to produce, market, service and sell (or lease) our vehicles, software and services successfully. A significant portion of our automotive revenues has been from one customer that is an affiliate of one of our principal stockholders. If we are unable to maintain this relationship, or if this customer purchases significantly fewer vehicles than we currently anticipate, then our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. We are highly dependent on the services and reputation of Robert J. Scaringe, our Founder and Chief Executive Officer( CEO ). The unavailability, reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives and credits could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We may not be able to obtain or agree on acceptable terms and conditions for all or a significant portion of the government grants, loans and other incentives, including regulatory credits, for which we apply or are approved for. As a result, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Breaches in data security, failure of Technology Systems, cyber attacks or other security or privacy-related incidents affecting us or our vendors and suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and brand, harm our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and subject us to legal or regulatory fines or damages. We are, and may in the future become, subject to patent, trademark, and/or other intellectual property infringement claims, which may be time-consuming, cause us to incur significant liability, and increase our costs of doing business. Our business has been and may continue to be adversely affected by trade tariffs or other trade barriers. We are subject to export and import control laws, and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to civil or criminal liability and other serious consequences, which can harm our business. Our vehicles are subject to motor vehicle safety standards and the failure to satisfy such mandated safety standards would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We may be exposed to delays, limitations, and risks related to permits and other approvals required to build, operate, or expand operations at our manufacturing facilities and face risks in connection with the construction and development of facilities to support R2 in our Normal Factory and our Stanton Springs North Facility. PART I 3 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. Item 1. Business Overview Rivian is an American automotive technology company that develops and manufactures category-defining electric vehicles as well as vertically integrated technologies and services. Through innovation across its electrical architecture, end-to-end software, autonomous driving platform, artificial intelligence, and propulsion, the Company creates vehicles that excel at work and play with the goal of accelerating the global transition to zero-emission transportation and energy. Rivian vehicles are manufactured in the United States and are sold directly to consumer and commercial customers. Whether taking families on new adventures or electrifying fleets at scale, Rivian vehicles all share a common goal preserving the natural world for generations to come. We believe our competitive advantage stems from our product and brand differentiation through vertically integrated technologies as well as our direct-to-customer sales and service model. Product performance benefits from the ability to fully control and continually enhance virtually every aspect of our vehicle s software, digital experience, and driving dynamics. Our in-house autonomy system has been designed with an AI-centric end-to-end approach and leverages the large amount of miles driven by Rivian vehicles for training, enabling the Company to continuously improve the system. We believe our product performance is increasingly being recognized by customers and has helped Rivian earn some of the industry s most coveted owner experience awards. Our zonal network architecture and software stack serves as the basis for Rivian and Volkswagen Group Technologies, LLC (the Joint Venture ). The Joint Venture is working to develop industry-leading software-enabled features and capabilities to address global markets and segments across a variety of vehicle platforms. Interconnected by our AI platform, Rivian unified intelligence underpins our products and suite of software and services including Autonomy+, designed to deliver fast-paced innovation cycles, structural cost advantages, and exceptional customer experiences. The Company analyzes the results of the business through two reportable segments, Automotive and Software and Services. Our Products and Services Automotive Segment Consumer Vehicles We launched our consumer vehicle business with the R1 platform consisting of two vehicles: the R1T, a two-row, five-passenger pickup truck, and the R1S, a three-row, seven-passenger sport utility vehicle ( SUV ). The R1T and R1S are equipped with Rivian-designed technology including a zonal network architecture, electric powertrains and chassis, the Rivian Autonomy Platform, and digital user experience management via Connect+ which will include Rivian Assistant. These technologies can continuously improve and expand functionality through cloud-enabled over-the-air ( OTA ) updates. The R1T and R1S introduced our brand to the world and serve as our flagship vehicles as we continue to expand our offerings. We have also announced plans to manufacture our midsize platform ( MSP ) which underpins the R2 and R3 product lines. The MSP is expected to address global market segments and is designed to build upon our industry-leading technology platform as well as our focus on reducing manufacturing complexity and improving cost efficiency. R2 is Rivian s all-new midsize SUV that will deliver a combination of performance, capability and utility in a five-seat package optimized for big adventures and everyday use. The interior is designed for ease-of-use, while being uniquely Rivian through a combination of inviting design and premium, sustainable materials that are easy to clean. We believe R2 and our midsize platform will be foundational to Rivian s long-term growth and profit potential. We expect R2 to benefit from the key vertically integrated technologies developed for R1 including our software stack, propulsion technology, the Rivian Autonomy Platform, and electrical architecture. We expect customer deliveries of R2 vehicles to begin in the second quarter of 2026. 4 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. R3 is our future midsize crossover that is expected to be tidy on dimensions but delivers big in terms of performance, off-road capability, passenger comfort, and storage. R3X is a performance variant of R3 offering even more dynamic abilities both on and off road. The design of the exterior and interior of R3 are inviting and iconic. R3 demonstrates the scalability of Rivian s brand across different form factors while continuing to be immediately recognizable. Commercial Vehicles We launched the Rivian Commercial Van platform, which underpins the Electric Delivery Van ( EDV ) variant, designed and engineered by Rivian in collaboration with Amazon.com, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, Amazon ), our first commercial customer. The Rivian Commercial Van is a long-range, electric commercial step-in van designed for large scale production and deployment in a centrally-managed fleet. Amazon has ordered an initial volume of 100,000 EDVs globally, subject to modification. We have designed a 500 and 700 cubic foot version of the vans, optimized for various commercial uses, including last mile delivery use cases. Both the EDV and Rivian Commercial Van s features include a rear roll-up door, an integrated bulkhead door designed for safety and security, a tall roof to allow drivers to walk through the vehicle, driver-centric ergonomics, and a curb-side sliding door for safe vehicle access away from traffic. Developed to be comfortable and easy to operate for drivers, our commercial vans are designed to achieve lower total cost of ownership ( TCO ) for customers while supporting a path to decarbonization. Automotive Regulatory Credits We earn tradable credits in the operation of our business under various regulations related to zero-emission vehicles ( ZEVs ), greenhouse gas, fuel economy, and clean fuel in the United States and Canada. We sell these credits to other regulated entities who can use the credits to comply with emission standards and other regulatory requirements. As a result of changes to many of the programs governing such tradable credits, our ability to continue earning and selling the corresponding credits is uncertain at this time. For more information on risks related to our ability to sell regulatory credits, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. Software and Services Segment Complementing our vehicles, we provide a suite of value-added software and services which we expect to continue to generate long-term brand loyalty while also creating a recurring revenue stream across the vehicle lifecycle. These services include vehicle electrical architecture and software development services provided by the Joint Venture, Autonomy+, remarketing, vehicle repair and maintenance, charging, software subscriptions, vehicle accessories, financing, insurance, and more, as described below. Joint Venture. Rivian and Volkswagen Group have formed an equally-owned joint venture as a separate legal entity to create next-generation electrical architecture and best-in-class software technology. The Joint Venture focuses on software, electronic control units ( ECU s) design and development, and related network architecture design and development, with Volkswagen Group planning to utilize Rivian s zonal ECU architecture and software stack across multiple brands. The Joint Venture s financial results are consolidated within our Software and Services segment, but the Joint Venture is a separate legal entity with its own management and board of directors. See Note 19 "Variable Interest Entities" to our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K for more information. Autonomy+. Rivian is designing and developing advanced driver assistance features. In December 2025, we released our Universal Hands Free feature via an OTA update to our R1 Gen 2 customers. This feature significantly expanded our assistive hands-free driving capabilities for customers, going from availability on fewer than 150,000 miles of roads to more than 3.5 million miles of roads in North America. We expect to begin charging a one-time or month-to-month fee for Autonomy+ advanced driver assistance features in consumer vehicles starting in April 2026. Over 5 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. the medium-to-long term we expect to add additional advanced features such as point-to-point, eyes-off and eventually personal level 4 capabilities for vehicles with the necessary hardware. Remarketing. When purchasing a Rivian, we offer customers the opportunity to trade in their current vehicle. We also sell used Rivian vehicles directly to customers on our website. Vehicle Repair and Maintenance. We offer technology-enabled vehicle repair and maintenance experiences for our customers. Our service network consists of physical service centers as well as mobile service vehicles. In addition to the vehicle service network, we work with partner collision centers and other repair and maintenance providers and supply them with the parts they need for work on Rivian vehicles. Charging. We design, develop, and manufacture Rivian Adventure Network Direct Current fast chargers which we operate at sites across North America (the Rivian Adventure Network ). Our solutions are designed to be cost effective and aim to deliver clean energy to our customers while offering a convenient and seamless charging experience. Over 95% of our Rivian Adventure Network is open to non-Rivian EVs, allowing increased utilization of our network . Software Subscriptions. Across our consumer and commercial vehicles, we offer value added software subscriptions. All consumer vehicles come standard with connectivity features such as OTA updates, live navigation, remote vehicle commands, and tethering. In addition, we offer Connect+ which brings enhanced media, connectivity, and live security to our Rivian vehicles. Customers can pay a monthly recurring payment or a discounted annual payment for Connect+. Alongside our commercial vehicles, we offer FleetOS, our proprietary, end-to-end centralized fleet management subscription platform. It encompasses vehicle distribution, service, telematics, software services, charging, connectivity management, advanced driver assistance system and lifecycle management. This cloud-based platform integrates and analyzes vehicle, infrastructure, and operations data. Other Services. We also offer a range of services which we believe create convenience for our customers and allow them to stay within the Rivian ecosystem throughout their purchase and ownership experience. These include our insurance and financing offerings, which are created in conjunction with third parties but offered through the Rivian purchase process. In addition, we operate the Rivian Gear Shop offering customers a range of vehicle and non-vehicle accessories including our adventure gear. Manufacturing We currently manufacture the vehicles on our R1 and Rivian Commercial Van platforms at our manufacturing facility in Normal, Illinois ( Normal Factory ) and expect to start customer deliveries of R2 in the second quarter of 2026. The Normal Factory is equipped to produce up to 215,000 vehicles annually when the equipment is operated at full rate and on multiple shifts. The annual installed capacity split is expected to be up to 155,000 R2 vehicles, 85,000 R1 vehicles, and 65,000 Rivian Commercial Van s, allowing us to optimize production among all three platforms. We are planning to construct a second manufacturing facility near the city of Social Circle, Georgia ( Stanton Springs North Facility ) to support demand from the United States and international markets with an anticipated capacity to produce 400,000 vehicles annually. We plan to build the plant in two phases, each consisting of 200,000 units of annual capacity. In each phase we expect to produce vehicles on our midsize platform, including the R2 and R3. We expect to begin vertical construction in 2026 and start production on the first manufacturing line in 2028. Vertical integration is core to our product development and manufacturing processes. We design and develop a variety of components in the vehicle including the electric motors, gearboxes, inverters, battery packs, vehicle electronics, chassis systems, and most recently, the Rivian Autonomy Processor ( RAP1 ) which is expected to be included in our vehicles in the future. This vertical integration is expected to continue to allow Rivian to reduce costs in manufacturing our vehicles. Supply Chain We work closely with hundreds of suppliers across the globe to procure raw materials and product components to bring our vehicles to market. 6 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. Our supplier selection process is based on a wide variety of factors, including technical expertise, product quality, cost, location, and ramp capability. Given the value we place on product performance, many supplier relationships extend beyond the procurement of raw materials and product components to include collaboration on product development, performance improvement and/or cost reduction opportunities. We recently built a 1.2 million-square-foot supplier and logistics park that houses materials and supplies for the Normal Factory and is located just across the street with a direct connector tunnel to our facility. This facility is a key enabler for the R2 launch, designed to drastically reduce 'dock-to-line' lead times and logistics costs. Our products contain thousands of raw materials and product components that we purchase from hundreds of mostly single- or limited-source suppliers, for which no immediate or readily available alternative supplier exists. To mitigate risks related to sole-sourcing, we seek to qualify alternative suppliers and manufacturers when possible, and develop contingency plans for responding to supply chain disruptions, including carrying buffer inventory levels when possible. Despite these actions, we have faced, and continue to face, various manufacturing-related product component shortages, particularly as suppliers strive to adjust to our dynamic build plan. Given the global nature of our supply chain, we also face risks relating to tariffs and other trade barriers. Battery raw materials, including lithium, nickel, graphite, and cobalt, represent one of the most vulnerable parts of our supply chain. Similarly, magnet materials, particularly heavy rare earth minerals are currently required for multiple elements of our vehicles, are of limited supply geographically, and have limited supply options as a consequence of the specific requirements of the parts. Timelines for these upstream materials are notably longer and more variable than the downstream supply chain due to factors outside of our control, including permitting under applicable regulations and rules, estimation of capital requirements, reliance on overseas equipment and plant, sufficient infrastructure capacity, intellectual property/know-how concentration, competition for supply, price volatility, and variability between mineral resources which inhibits standardization of production processes and industry specifications. For more information on our access to raw materials, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. Seasonality Historically, the automotive industry has experienced higher revenue in the spring and summer months. Additionally, we generally expect delivery volumes of commercial vehicle sales to be less in the final months of the year as customers shift their focus to making last mile deliveries during holidays rather than incorporating more vehicles into their fleet, which could result in higher finished goods inventory levels during this period. We delivered more EDVs than seasonally typical during the fourth quarter of 2025 as a result of supplier constraints experienced earlier in the year. Our quarterly and year-to-date revenues also may be influenced by the timing of new product launches and changes in government incentives. For example, during the second half of 2025, we experienced significant fluctuations in consumer demand as a result of the expiration of certain federal EV tax credits on September 30, 2025, which resulted in a pull-forward of deliveries into the third quarter and a corresponding decline in the fourth quarter of 2025. Competition We aspire to drive meaningful change in the world s transition to sustainable mobility. We believe the primary competitive factors in our markets are talent and culture, technological innovation, product performance and quality, customer experience, brand differentiation, product design, pricing and TCO, and manufacturing scale and efficiency. Our competition includes the millions of traditional internal combustion engine ( ICE ) vehicles and EVs sold each year in the consumer and commercial markets. Our competitive set also represents our total addressable market, which we aim to target over the long term with an expanded product portfolio in our current and future geographies. As we participate across the spectrum of the consumer and commercial value chain, our competition extends beyond providers that operate in the capacity of an original equipment manufacturer or dealer. Downstream competitors include a collection of third parties such as vehicle remarketers, vehicle repair and maintenance, charging, and software providers, autonomous vehicle software developers, and traditional fleet management companies. 7 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. Across the automotive value chain, we believe we will be in a position to compete effectively because of our product and brand differentiation, our vertically-integrated technology, and our focus on the customer experience, including our direct-to-customer relationships. Regulatory Environmental, Health and Safety Matters Certain of our operations, properties, products, and services are subject to stringent and comprehensive federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing matters related to product safety, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, and the release or discharge of materials into the environment, including air emissions and wastewater discharges. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of investigatory and remedial obligations, and the issuance of orders enjoining some or all of our operations in affected areas. We are also subject to permitting, registration, and other government approval requirements under environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations applicable in the jurisdictions in which we operate, obligating us to obtain permits, registrations, and other government approvals from one or more governmental agencies to conduct our operations and sell our products and services. The requirements vary depending on the location where our regulated activities are conducted. The following summarizes certain existing environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations applicable to our operations and products. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors . Regulations in the United States National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) Safety and Self-Certification Obligations . As a manufacturer of EVs, our vehicles are subject to, and must comply with, numerous regulatory requirements established by NHTSA, including all applicable United States Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards ( Safety Standards ). Under the National Traffic and Motor Vehicle Safety Act, we must certify that our vehicles meet all applicable Safety Standards, as well as the NHTSA bumper standard, or are otherwise exempt from such standards. The categories of Safety Standards that apply to our vehicles include crashworthiness requirements, crash avoidance requirements, and EV requirements. The R1T, R1S, EDV, and Rivian Commercial Van are fully compliant with all such Safety Standards and other NHTSA requirements without the need for any additional exemptions. We are also required to comply with or demonstrate exemptions from other requirements of federal laws administered by NHTSA, including the Federal Corporate Average Fuel Economy ( CAFE ) standards, Theft Prevention Act requirements, consumer information labeling requirements, Early Warning Reporting requirements regarding warranty claims, field reports, death and injury reports and foreign recalls, and owner s manual requirements. The R1T, R1S, EDV, and Rivian Commercial Van are fully compliant with or exempted from compliance with the foregoing referenced standards. Rivian also has a system in place to ensure compliance with all reporting obligations to NHTSA. The Automobile Information and Disclosure Act requires manufacturers of motor vehicles to disclose certain information regarding the manufacturer s suggested retail price, optional equipment, and pricing. In addition, the Automobile Information and Disclosure Act allows inclusion of city and highway fuel economy ratings, as determined by the United States Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ), as well as crash test ratings as determined by NHTSA if such tests are conducted. EPA Certificate of Conformity and California Executive Order . The Clean Air Act requires that we obtain both an EPA-issued Certificate of Conformity and a California Air Resources Board-issued Executive Order with respect to emissions for our vehicles, and include labeling providing consumer information such as miles per gallon of gas-equivalent ratings and maximum range on a single charge. The R1T, R1S, EDV, and Rivian Commercial Van (where applicable) have received EPA Certificates of Conformity and California Executive Orders for th