=== RIVN_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 and other important factors discussed in this report and from time to time in our other filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. You should read this Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in this Form 10-K and have filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K with the understanding that our actual future results, performance, and achievements may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K, whether as a result of any new information, future events, or otherwise. As used in this Form 10-K, unless otherwise stated or the context requires otherwise, references to Rivian, the Company, we, us, and our, refer to Rivian Automotive, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Summary of Risk Factors Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Form 10-K. The principal risks and uncertainties affecting our business include the following: We are a growth stage company with limited operating history and a history of losses. We expect to incur significant expenses and continuing losses for the foreseeable future and may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We expect to continue to incur significant cost of revenues, operating expenses, and capital expenditures, and we may underestimate or not effectively manage the cost of revenues, operating expenses, and capital expenditures associated with our business and operations. We will require additional financings to raise capital to support our business, which may not be available in a timely manner, on terms that are acceptable, or at all. The success of our business depends on attracting and retaining a large number of consumers and maintaining strong demand for our vehicles, software and services. If we are unable to do so, we will not be able to achieve profitability. The automotive and value added software and services markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we may not be successful in competing in these markets. 2 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. Our future growth is dependent on the demand for, and upon customers willingness to adopt, EVs. Our long-term results depend upon our ability to successfully introduce, integrate, and market new products and services, which may expose us to new and increased challenges and risks, and any inability to do so could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, significant delays in the manufacture and delivery of our vehicles, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We must continue to develop complex software and hardware in coordination with the Joint Venture and our other vendors and suppliers to reach mass production for our vehicles, and there can be no assurance such systems will be successfully developed or integrated on a timely basis or at all, or perform effectively once integrated. We are subject to risks associated with our joint venture with Volkswagen Group , including that a significant portion of our software and services revenues has been from Volkswagen Group. If the Joint Venture does not meet its operational objectives, or we do not achieve the anticipated incremental benefits and future revenue opportunities as a result of the Joint Venture then our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. We may be subject to risks associated with additional strategic alliances or acquisitions. We have experienced, and could experience in the future, cost increases and disruptions in supply of raw materials, components or equipment used to produce our vehicles. We are dependent on establishing and maintaining relationships with vendors and suppliers necessary for the production of our products and services, a significant number of which are single or limited source suppliers, and effectively managing the risks due to such relationships. We may not be able to accurately estimate the supply and demand for our vehicles, which could result in a variety of inefficiencies in our business and hinder our ability to generate revenues and profits. If we fail to accurately predict our manufacturing requirements, we could incur additional costs or experience delays. If we fail to scale our business operations or otherwise manage our future growth effectively as we attempt to rapidly grow the Company, we may not be able to produce, market, service and sell (or lease) our vehicles, software and services successfully. A significant portion of our automotive revenues has been from one customer that is an affiliate of one of our principal stockholders. If we are unable to maintain this relationship, or if this customer purchases significantly fewer vehicles than we currently anticipate, then our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. We are highly dependent on the services and reputation of Robert J. Scaringe, our Founder and Chief Executive Officer( CEO ). The unavailability, reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives and credits could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We may not be able to obtain or agree on acceptable terms and conditions for all or a significant portion of the government grants, loans and other incentives, including regulatory credits, for which we apply or are approved for. As a result, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Breaches in data security, failure of Technology Systems, cyber attacks or other security or privacy-related incidents affecting us or our vendors and suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and brand, harm our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and subject us to legal or regulatory fines or damages. We are, and may in the future become, subject to patent, trademark, and/or other intellectual property infringement claims, which may be time-consuming, cause us to incur significant liability, and increase our costs of doing business. Our business has been and may continue to be adversely affected by trade tariffs or other trade barriers. We are subject to export and import control laws, and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to civil or criminal liability and other serious consequences, which can harm our business. Our vehicles are subject to motor vehicle safety standards and the failure to satisfy such mandated safety standards would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We may be exposed to delays, limitations, and risks related to permits and other approvals required to build, operate, or expand operations at our manufacturing facilities and face risks in connection with the construction and development of facilities to support R2 in our Normal Factory and our Stanton Springs North Facility. PART I 3 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. Item 1. Business Overview Rivian is an American automotive technology company that develops and manufactures category-defining electric vehicles as well as vertically integrated technologies and services. Through innovation across its electrical architecture, end-to-end software, autonomous driving platform, artificial intelligence, and propulsion, the Company creates vehicles that excel at work and play with the goal of accelerating the global transition to zero-emission transportation and energy. Rivian vehicles are manufactured in the United States and are sold directly to consumer and commercial customers. Whether taking families on new adventures or electrifying fleets at scale, Rivian vehicles all share a common goal preserving the natural world for generations to come. We believe our competitive advantage stems from our product and brand differentiation through vertically integrated technologies as well as our direct-to-customer sales and service model. Product performance benefits from the ability to fully control and continually enhance virtually every aspect of our vehicle s software, digital experience, and driving dynamics. Our in-house autonomy system has been designed with an AI-centric end-to-end approach and leverages the large amount of miles driven by Rivian vehicles for training, enabling the Company to continuously improve the system. We believe our product performance is increasingly being recognized by customers and has helped Rivian earn some of the industry s most coveted owner experience awards. Our zonal network architecture and software stack serves as the basis for Rivian and Volkswagen Group Technologies, LLC (the Joint Venture ). The Joint Venture is working to develop industry-leading software-enabled features and capabilities to address global markets and segments across a variety of vehicle platforms. Interconnected by our AI platform, Rivian unified intelligence underpins our products and suite of software and services including Autonomy+, designed to deliver fast-paced innovation cycles, structural cost advantages, and exceptional customer experiences. The Company analyzes the results of the business through two reportable segments, Automotive and Software and Services. Our Products and Services Automotive Segment Consumer Vehicles We launched our consumer vehicle business with the R1 platform consisting of two vehicles: the R1T, a two-row, five-passenger pickup truck, and the R1S, a three-row, seven-passenger sport utility vehicle ( SUV ). The R1T and R1S are equipped with Rivian-designed technology including a zonal network architecture, electric powertrains and chassis, the Rivian Autonomy Platform, and digital user experience management via Connect+ which will include Rivian Assistant. These technologies can continuously improve and expand functionality through cloud-enabled over-the-air ( OTA ) updates. The R1T and R1S introduced our brand to the world and serve as our flagship vehicles as we continue to expand our offerings. We have also announced plans to manufacture our midsize platform ( MSP ) which underpins the R2 and R3 product lines. The MSP is expected to address global market segments and is designed to build upon our industry-leading technology platform as well as our focus on reducing manufacturing complexity and improving cost efficiency. R2 is Rivian s all-new midsize SUV that will deliver a combination of performance, capability and utility in a five-seat package optimized for big adventures and everyday use. The interior is designed for ease-of-use, while being uniquely Rivian through a combination of inviting design and premium, sustainable materials that are easy to clean. We believe R2 and our midsize platform will be foundational to Rivian s long-term growth and profit potential. We expect R2 to benefit from the key vertically integrated technologies developed for R1 including our software stack, propulsion technology, the Rivian Autonomy Platform, and electrical architecture. We expect customer deliveries of R2 vehicles to begin in the second quarter of 2026. 4 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. R3 is our future midsize crossover that is expected to be tidy on dimensions but delivers big in terms of performance, off-road capability, passenger comfort, and storage. R3X is a performance variant of R3 offering even more dynamic abilities both on and off road. The design of the exterior and interior of R3 are inviting and iconic. R3 demonstrates the scalability of Rivian s brand across different form factors while continuing to be immediately recognizable. Commercial Vehicles We launched the Rivian Commercial Van platform, which underpins the Electric Delivery Van ( EDV ) variant, designed and engineered by Rivian in collaboration with Amazon.com, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, Amazon ), our first commercial customer. The Rivian Commercial Van is a long-range, electric commercial step-in van designed for large scale production and deployment in a centrally-managed fleet. Amazon has ordered an initial volume of 100,000 EDVs globally, subject to modification. We have designed a 500 and 700 cubic foot version of the vans, optimized for various commercial uses, including last mile delivery use cases. Both the EDV and Rivian Commercial Van s features include a rear roll-up door, an integrated bulkhead door designed for safety and security, a tall roof to allow drivers to walk through the vehicle, driver-centric ergonomics, and a curb-side sliding door for safe vehicle access away from traffic. Developed to be comfortable and easy to operate for drivers, our commercial vans are designed to achieve lower total cost of ownership ( TCO ) for customers while supporting a path to decarbonization. Automotive Regulatory Credits We earn tradable credits in the operation of our business under various regulations related to zero-emission vehicles ( ZEVs ), greenhouse gas, fuel economy, and clean fuel in the United States and Canada. We sell these credits to other regulated entities who can use the credits to comply with emission standards and other regulatory requirements. As a result of changes to many of the programs governing such tradable credits, our ability to continue earning and selling the corresponding credits is uncertain at this time. For more information on risks related to our ability to sell regulatory credits, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. Software and Services Segment Complementing our vehicles, we provide a suite of value-added software and services which we expect to continue to generate long-term brand loyalty while also creating a recurring revenue stream across the vehicle lifecycle. These services include vehicle electrical architecture and software development services provided by the Joint Venture, Autonomy+, remarketing, vehicle repair and maintenance, charging, software subscriptions, vehicle accessories, financing, insurance, and more, as described below. Joint Venture. Rivian and Volkswagen Group have formed an equally-owned joint venture as a separate legal entity to create next-generation electrical architecture and best-in-class software technology. The Joint Venture focuses on software, electronic control units ( ECU s) design and development, and related network architecture design and development, with Volkswagen Group planning to utilize Rivian s zonal ECU architecture and software stack across multiple brands. The Joint Venture s financial results are consolidated within our Software and Services segment, but the Joint Venture is a separate legal entity with its own management and board of directors. See Note 19 "Variable Interest Entities" to our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K for more information. Autonomy+. Rivian is designing and developing advanced driver assistance features. In December 2025, we released our Universal Hands Free feature via an OTA update to our R1 Gen 2 customers. This feature significantly expanded our assistive hands-free driving capabilities for customers, going from availability on fewer than 150,000 miles of roads to more than 3.5 million miles of roads in North America. We expect to begin charging a one-time or month-to-month fee for Autonomy+ advanced driver assistance features in consumer vehicles starting in April 2026. Over 5 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. the medium-to-long term we expect to add additional advanced features such as point-to-point, eyes-off and eventually personal level 4 capabilities for vehicles with the necessary hardware. Remarketing. When purchasing a Rivian, we offer customers the opportunity to trade in their current vehicle. We also sell used Rivian vehicles directly to customers on our website. Vehicle Repair and Maintenance. We offer technology-enabled vehicle repair and maintenance experiences for our customers. Our service network consists of physical service centers as well as mobile service vehicles. In addition to the vehicle service network, we work with partner collision centers and other repair and maintenance providers and supply them with the parts they need for work on Rivian vehicles. Charging. We design, develop, and manufacture Rivian Adventure Network Direct Current fast chargers which we operate at sites across North America (the Rivian Adventure Network ). Our solutions are designed to be cost effective and aim to deliver clean energy to our customers while offering a convenient and seamless charging experience. Over 95% of our Rivian Adventure Network is open to non-Rivian EVs, allowing increased utilization of our network . Software Subscriptions. Across our consumer and commercial vehicles, we offer value added software subscriptions. All consumer vehicles come standard with connectivity features such as OTA updates, live navigation, remote vehicle commands, and tethering. In addition, we offer Connect+ which brings enhanced media, connectivity, and live security to our Rivian vehicles. Customers can pay a monthly recurring payment or a discounted annual payment for Connect+. Alongside our commercial vehicles, we offer FleetOS, our proprietary, end-to-end centralized fleet management subscription platform. It encompasses vehicle distribution, service, telematics, software services, charging, connectivity management, advanced driver assistance system and lifecycle management. This cloud-based platform integrates and analyzes vehicle, infrastructure, and operations data. Other Services. We also offer a range of services which we believe create convenience for our customers and allow them to stay within the Rivian ecosystem throughout their purchase and ownership experience. These include our insurance and financing offerings, which are created in conjunction with third parties but offered through the Rivian purchase process. In addition, we operate the Rivian Gear Shop offering customers a range of vehicle and non-vehicle accessories including our adventure gear. Manufacturing We currently manufacture the vehicles on our R1 and Rivian Commercial Van platforms at our manufacturing facility in Normal, Illinois ( Normal Factory ) and expect to start customer deliveries of R2 in the second quarter of 2026. The Normal Factory is equipped to produce up to 215,000 vehicles annually when the equipment is operated at full rate and on multiple shifts. The annual installed capacity split is expected to be up to 155,000 R2 vehicles, 85,000 R1 vehicles, and 65,000 Rivian Commercial Van s, allowing us to optimize production among all three platforms. We are planning to construct a second manufacturing facility near the city of Social Circle, Georgia ( Stanton Springs North Facility ) to support demand from the United States and international markets with an anticipated capacity to produce 400,000 vehicles annually. We plan to build the plant in two phases, each consisting of 200,000 units of annual capacity. In each phase we expect to produce vehicles on our midsize platform, including the R2 and R3. We expect to begin vertical construction in 2026 and start production on the first manufacturing line in 2028. Vertical integration is core to our product development and manufacturing processes. We design and develop a variety of components in the vehicle including the electric motors, gearboxes, inverters, battery packs, vehicle electronics, chassis systems, and most recently, the Rivian Autonomy Processor ( RAP1 ) which is expected to be included in our vehicles in the future. This vertical integration is expected to continue to allow Rivian to reduce costs in manufacturing our vehicles. Supply Chain We work closely with hundreds of suppliers across the globe to procure raw materials and product components to bring our vehicles to market. 6 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. Our supplier selection process is based on a wide variety of factors, including technical expertise, product quality, cost, location, and ramp capability. Given the value we place on product performance, many supplier relationships extend beyond the procurement of raw materials and product components to include collaboration on product development, performance improvement and/or cost reduction opportunities. We recently built a 1.2 million-square-foot supplier and logistics park that houses materials and supplies for the Normal Factory and is located just across the street with a direct connector tunnel to our facility. This facility is a key enabler for the R2 launch, designed to drastically reduce 'dock-to-line' lead times and logistics costs. Our products contain thousands of raw materials and product components that we purchase from hundreds of mostly single- or limited-source suppliers, for which no immediate or readily available alternative supplier exists. To mitigate risks related to sole-sourcing, we seek to qualify alternative suppliers and manufacturers when possible, and develop contingency plans for responding to supply chain disruptions, including carrying buffer inventory levels when possible. Despite these actions, we have faced, and continue to face, various manufacturing-related product component shortages, particularly as suppliers strive to adjust to our dynamic build plan. Given the global nature of our supply chain, we also face risks relating to tariffs and other trade barriers. Battery raw materials, including lithium, nickel, graphite, and cobalt, represent one of the most vulnerable parts of our supply chain. Similarly, magnet materials, particularly heavy rare earth minerals are currently required for multiple elements of our vehicles, are of limited supply geographically, and have limited supply options as a consequence of the specific requirements of the parts. Timelines for these upstream materials are notably longer and more variable than the downstream supply chain due to factors outside of our control, including permitting under applicable regulations and rules, estimation of capital requirements, reliance on overseas equipment and plant, sufficient infrastructure capacity, intellectual property/know-how concentration, competition for supply, price volatility, and variability between mineral resources which inhibits standardization of production processes and industry specifications. For more information on our access to raw materials, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. Seasonality Historically, the automotive industry has experienced higher revenue in the spring and summer months. Additionally, we generally expect delivery volumes of commercial vehicle sales to be less in the final months of the year as customers shift their focus to making last mile deliveries during holidays rather than incorporating more vehicles into their fleet, which could result in higher finished goods inventory levels during this period. We delivered more EDVs than seasonally typical during the fourth quarter of 2025 as a result of supplier constraints experienced earlier in the year. Our quarterly and year-to-date revenues also may be influenced by the timing of new product launches and changes in government incentives. For example, during the second half of 2025, we experienced significant fluctuations in consumer demand as a result of the expiration of certain federal EV tax credits on September 30, 2025, which resulted in a pull-forward of deliveries into the third quarter and a corresponding decline in the fourth quarter of 2025. Competition We aspire to drive meaningful change in the world s transition to sustainable mobility. We believe the primary competitive factors in our markets are talent and culture, technological innovation, product performance and quality, customer experience, brand differentiation, product design, pricing and TCO, and manufacturing scale and efficiency. Our competition includes the millions of traditional internal combustion engine ( ICE ) vehicles and EVs sold each year in the consumer and commercial markets. Our competitive set also represents our total addressable market, which we aim to target over the long term with an expanded product portfolio in our current and future geographies. As we participate across the spectrum of the consumer and commercial value chain, our competition extends beyond providers that operate in the capacity of an original equipment manufacturer or dealer. Downstream competitors include a collection of third parties such as vehicle remarketers, vehicle repair and maintenance, charging, and software providers, autonomous vehicle software developers, and traditional fleet management companies. 7 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. Across the automotive value chain, we believe we will be in a position to compete effectively because of our product and brand differentiation, our vertically-integrated technology, and our focus on the customer experience, including our direct-to-customer relationships. Regulatory Environmental, Health and Safety Matters Certain of our operations, properties, products, and services are subject to stringent and comprehensive federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing matters related to product safety, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, and the release or discharge of materials into the environment, including air emissions and wastewater discharges. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of investigatory and remedial obligations, and the issuance of orders enjoining some or all of our operations in affected areas. We are also subject to permitting, registration, and other government approval requirements under environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations applicable in the jurisdictions in which we operate, obligating us to obtain permits, registrations, and other government approvals from one or more governmental agencies to conduct our operations and sell our products and services. The requirements vary depending on the location where our regulated activities are conducted. The following summarizes certain existing environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations applicable to our operations and products. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors . Regulations in the United States National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) Safety and Self-Certification Obligations . As a manufacturer of EVs, our vehicles are subject to, and must comply with, numerous regulatory requirements established by NHTSA, including all applicable United States Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards ( Safety Standards ). Under the National Traffic and Motor Vehicle Safety Act, we must certify that our vehicles meet all applicable Safety Standards, as well as the NHTSA bumper standard, or are otherwise exempt from such standards. The categories of Safety Standards that apply to our vehicles include crashworthiness requirements, crash avoidance requirements, and EV requirements. The R1T, R1S, EDV, and Rivian Commercial Van are fully compliant with all such Safety Standards and other NHTSA requirements without the need for any additional exemptions. We are also required to comply with or demonstrate exemptions from other requirements of federal laws administered by NHTSA, including the Federal Corporate Average Fuel Economy ( CAFE ) standards, Theft Prevention Act requirements, consumer information labeling requirements, Early Warning Reporting requirements regarding warranty claims, field reports, death and injury reports and foreign recalls, and owner s manual requirements. The R1T, R1S, EDV, and Rivian Commercial Van are fully compliant with or exempted from compliance with the foregoing referenced standards. Rivian also has a system in place to ensure compliance with all reporting obligations to NHTSA. The Automobile Information and Disclosure Act requires manufacturers of motor vehicles to disclose certain information regarding the manufacturer s suggested retail price, optional equipment, and pricing. In addition, the Automobile Information and Disclosure Act allows inclusion of city and highway fuel economy ratings, as determined by the United States Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ), as well as crash test ratings as determined by NHTSA if such tests are conducted. EPA Certificate of Conformity and California Executive Order . The Clean Air Act requires that we obtain both an EPA-issued Certificate of Conformity and a California Air Resources Board-issued Executive Order with respect to emissions for our vehicles, and include labeling providing consumer information such as miles per gallon of gas-equivalent ratings and maximum range on a single charge. The R1T, R1S, EDV, and Rivian Commercial Van (where applicable) have received EPA Certificates of Conformity and California Executive Orders for the applicable model years. Beginning with model year 2026, additional warranty, durability, and other zero-emission vehicle ( ZEV ) assurance measures will be required for vehicles certified to Advanced Clean Cars Two ( ACCII ) standards and sold in 8 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. California and those states adopting ACCII. Rivian expects to fully comply with these standards even as the Clean Air Act Waiver revocation is being litigated. Battery Safety and Testing. Our battery pack conforms to mandatory regulations that govern transport of dangerous goods, defined to include lithium-ion batteries, which may present a risk in transportation. Governing regulations, issued by the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, are based on the United Nations ( UN ) Recommendations and Model Regulations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, as well as related UN Manual of Tests and Criteria. The regulations vary by mode of shipping transportation, such as by ocean vessel, rail, truck, or air. We have completed the applicable transportation tests for our prototype and production battery packs, demonstrating our compliance with the UN Manual of Tests and Criteria. We also subject our battery packs to selected tests specified in the Society of Automotive Engineers J2464 and J2929 standards, as well as tests defined by other standards and regulatory bodies and Rivian s own internal tests. These tests evaluate battery function and performance as well as resilience to conditions including immersion, humidity, fire, and other potential hazards. We currently use lithium metal oxide cells in our high voltage battery packs. Our battery packs include certain packaging materials that contain trace amounts of hazardous chemicals whose use, storage, and disposal is regulated under federal and state laws. If a customer wishes to dispose of a battery pack from one of our vehicles, we will accept the depleted battery without any additional charge. Right to Repair . We are subject to certain laws and regulations, e.g., Right to Repair, laws, that would require us to provide third-party access to our network and/or vehicle systems. Emission Credit Programs As a manufacturer devoted to the design, development, and production of all-electric, battery-powered vehicles, we continue to generate credits from regulatory standards in the United States and Canada where those standards are still in place; however, the potential for both monetizing existing regulatory credit sale agreements and executing new ones has been eliminated or negatively impacted as environmental and efficiency standards are rolled back or the ability to trade has been eliminated. Automobile Manufacturer and Dealer Regulation State laws regulate the manufacture, distribution, sale, delivery, and service of automobiles, and generally require motor vehicle manufacturers and dealers to be licensed in order to sell vehicles directly to customers in the state. Certain states and jurisdictions permit Rivian to apply for a license and if granted, sell directly to consumers, while others do not. To sell vehicles to residents of states where we do not have a license or are unable to be licensed due to our status as a manufacturer, we must conduct the sale out of state over the internet or telephonically. Rivian has dealer licenses in most of the states where we are permitted to operate, with plans to obtain licenses in additional states. Automobile Manufacturer Regulation in Canada Our vehicles available for sale in the Canadian market are subject to environmental and safety certifications administered by the appropriate Canadian regulatory authorities, and we have obtained the required national regulatory certifications to enable sales in Canada. While unlike the United States, there are no impediments to a manufacturer applying for and receiving a dealer license to perform sales and service, we must obtain the necessary provincial licenses to enable sales and service in each location. We have these licenses in several provinces and are in the process of obtaining the remaining licenses in the other provinces of Canada. Federal and State Incentives in the United States Governments and private enterprises provide various incentives to Rivian and purchasers and users of EVs, as well as for technology important to the functioning of EVs. While these tax incentives such as the deductible auto loan interest rate could lower the cost of vehicle ownership or operation, their potential impacts on us depend on the vehicles, purchasers, and 9 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. users meeting the relevant qualification requirements. Entities providing these incentives and benefits may end or phase them out with or without notice. Intellectual Property Rivian s intellectual property is a core asset of our company and an important tool to drive value and differentiation in our products and services. We protect, use, and defend our intellectual property in support of our business objectives to increase our return on investment, enhance our competitive position, and create shareholder value. Through strategic and business assessments of our intellectual property, we rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets, copyrights, service marks, trademarks, domains, contractual terms, and enforcement mechanisms across domestic and various international jurisdictions to establish and protect intellectual property rights related to our current and future business and operations. While we do not believe that any single piece of intellectual property is individually material to the entirety of our business, our intellectual property is important to our business and operations and development of technologies. As of December 31, 2025, we held over 1,200 granted patents and registrations worldwide and had over 2,000 patent applications pending with United States and international patent offices. As of December 31, 2025, we held over 2,700 registered trademarks and had over 250 trademark applications pending with United States and international trademark offices, and held 48 registered copyrights and one copyright application pending in United States and international copyright offices. We pursue intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be advantageous to our business objectives. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, they may not be respected in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. Our Approach to Impact Fulfilling our ambitious mission and contributing to our vision for helping change the trajectory of our planet s future for generations to come requires a holistic approach. At Rivian, this means that we consider our impacts throughout our business. A detailed understanding of our products informs our decisions and drives our actions from exploring options to decarbonize our materials to enhancing our designs to help improve product efficiency. Sustainability At Rivian , our mission extends beyond our products. We re considering our impact now and as our business expands. This is woven into the fabric of Rivian as we scale and we can do it while running a successful company. We see the creation of groundbreaking products and services going hand-in-hand with business operations that reflect our values. We are fully invested in accelerating the electrification of transportation by deploying products and solutions that accelerate transformation to an energy grid that is safer, cleaner, and more reliable. Our current focus on applying sustainable practices across several facets of our business includes the following: Vehicles. The choices we make in the design phase of our products including decisions about material selection, form factor, manufacturability, durability, and serviceability have an impact on the overall environmental footprint. We develop life cycle assessments ( LCAs ) for our EVs which help us understand their carbon footprints. These LCAs conform with industry standards (International Organization for Standardization 14040 and 14044) and are reviewed by a third-party expert. Sourcing. As Rivian continues to grow, we are taking steps to map our supply chain and advance responsible sourcing practices in line with our Supplier Code of Conduct. We are also focusing on steel, aluminum and battery materials by incorporating standards intended to help protect communities and the environment through membership in various coalitions and industry organizations. Circularity. The aim of circularity is to keep materials and products in use as long as possible, ultimately decoupling economic activity from finite resources. Rivian is exploring options to embed circular principles into our business and is pursuing pathways to operationalize circularity that slow consumption of primary materials, reduce waste, and decarbonize our business. 10 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. Transitioning to Carbon-Free Energy. Our aim is to accelerate the amount of carbon-free energy on the nation s electricity grid so that we can achieve greater system-wide impact and prevent a shift of emissions from tailpipes to power plants. Specifically: Charging. As we expand our charging deployments, we intend to continue finding ways to help drivers accelerate the transition to a carbon-free grid, including by matching 100% of the energy the vehicle consumes with clean energy no matter where the vehicle is charged for the first 10,000 miles of driving and for all charging on the Rivian Adventure Network. Renewable Energy. We are investing in purpose-driven renewable energy projects that seek to positively impact our communities, customers, climate, and industry. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, including the consolidated Joint Venture, we had 15,232 employees across North America and Europe. Our global workforce is comprised of our operations and go-to-market teams that support the production, sale, and service of our vehicles, our engineering and technology teams that are designing and developing future products and services, and our general and administrative teams supporting the business as a whole. We continue to grow our global footprint and seek diverse communities to join us on our adventure. As a team, we strive to keep the world adventurous forever by attracting the right people to the right roles, harnessing their adventurous spirit, and keeping a safe and inspiring environment as a daily practice. Below are our Compass Values: a set of behaviors that serve as the backbone of Rivian s organizational culture. Our Compass Values are the foundation of our culture and key to how we work together to pursue and achieve our ambitious goals. Ask Why. We lead with curiosity and a determination to continuously improve. Stay Open. We invite different ideas, allowing our perspective to change with new information. Zoom Out. We see the big picture, aligning our work to collective priorities and our mission. Build Together. We are one team what we re creating is ambitious and requires all of us working together. Over Deliver. We dream big to achieve the impossible for our customers, team and world. Environment, Health, and Safety ( EHS ) Creating a safe and inspiring environment is a priority that we expect Rivian employees to uphold in their daily activities. EHS oversight, including sustainability oversight, occurs at the highest level of the Company. The Rivian board of directors reviews, on a quarterly basis, key performance indicators, past EHS accomplishments, and continuous improvement initiatives. Forever: Philanthropic Activities and Corporate Giving At Rivian, we strive to leverage our products, platform, and partnerships to help keep the world adventurous forever. Our philanthropic efforts focus on protecting nature, advancing a better energy future, and expanding opportunities for people and communities to thrive. Through the Rivian Foundation an IRS-registered 501(c)(3) private foundation that began grantmaking in 2024 and Rivian s own initiatives (collectively referred to as Forever ), we aim to extend our impact beyond the products we create and the competition they inspire. Together, these efforts aim to advance progress toward building a better future for generations to come. Corporate Information Rivian Automotive, Inc. was incorporated as a Delaware corporation on March 26, 2015. Our principal executive offices are located at 14600 Myford Road, Irvine, California 92606, and our telephone number is (888) 748-4261. Our website address is www.rivian.com . Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website does not constitute part of this Form 10-K, and the inclusion of our website address in this Form 10-K is an inactive textual reference only. 11 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. We have proprietary rights to trademarks, trade names, and service marks appearing in this Form 10-K that are important to our business. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, trade names, and service marks may appear in this Form 10-K without the , , and symbols, but any such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we forgo or will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, trade names, and service marks. All trademarks, trade names, and service marks appearing in this Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. Available Information The Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are available, free of charge, on our Investor Relations website at https://rivian.com/investors as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC. We use our Investor Relations website as a means of disclosing material information. Accordingly, investors should monitor our Investor Relations website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that may cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or projected future performance expressed in forward-looking statements made by us. We encourage you to consider carefully the risk factors described below in evaluating the information in this Form 10-K as the outcome of one or more of these risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows as well as on our reputation, business, growth, future prospects, and ability to accomplish our strategic objectives. Risks Related to Our Business We are a growth stage company with limited operating history and a history of losses. We expect to incur significant expenses and continuing losses for the foreseeable future and may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We have incurred net losses since our inception, including net losses of $5,432 million, $4,746 million, and $3,626 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. We do not expect to be profitable for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in our business, build capacity, and ramp up operations, and there is no assurance that we will ever achieve or be able to maintain profitability in the future. Our ability to become profitable in the future will depend on the continued successful development, commercial production and adoption of our vehicles, software and services, our ability to grow and maintain strong demand and to align production with such demand, our ability to maintain, and over time improve, the average selling prices for our vehicles, software and services, and our capability to source materials cost-effectively and manufacture our vehicle portfolio efficiently. In addition, we must effectively manage all aspects of our financial operations, including our sales and revenue flows, operating expenditures, capital expenditures, working capital, and cash flows. Further, we have in the past benefited from government incentives and tax credits and the sale of regulatory credits. Many of these programs have been modified or have been phased out. These changes have affected and, any additional changes could affect, our profitability and have had and could continue to have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Additionally, we have experienced and will continue to experience cost increases as a result of changes to existing or future tariffs and other trade barriers. If we are unable to mitigate these cost increases, or if demand for our vehicles decreases due to the higher cost, economic uncertainty or global or domestic recession, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Any failure to adequately increase revenues or contain and/or reduce costs could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability in the future, in which case our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows would be materially and adversely affected. We expect to continue to incur significant cost of revenues, operating expenses, and capital expenditures, and we may underestimate or not effectively manage the cost of revenues, operating expenses, and capital expenditures associated with our business and operations. 12 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. As we have rapidly expanded the manufacture, sale, and support of our vehicles, software and services, we have required and expect to continue to require significant capital to develop and grow our business, including scaling our operations, growing our go-to-market, sales, and service operations, identifying and committing resources to consider and address new areas of demand, including new geographies, as well as building our brand and investing in our next generation technologies, products, services and manufacturing facilities and capabilities. These efforts may be more costly than we expect and may not result in sufficient increased revenues or growth in our business to offset such costs. In addition, tariffs by the United States government and the resulting environment of retaliatory tariffs and other trade barriers have increased, and will continue to increase our production costs. If we are unable to mitigate these increased production costs, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Our expenditures will continue to be significant in the foreseeable future and include costs related to our automotive segment such as production costs, including raw materials, labor, and logistics costs, research and development investments and expenses, costs associated with increasing sales, such as marketing, and advertising activities and expanding our retail customer engagement spaces ( spaces ), costs in connection with the expansion of our Normal Factory and construction of our manufacturing facility near Atlanta, Georgia ( Stanton Springs North Facility ), and costs related to our software and services segment, such as vehicle electrical architecture, software development costs, advanced driver assistance features, remarketing and vehicle repair and maintenance support expenses, and costs to expand our charging network. In addition, our level of capital requirements will also be significantly affected by customer demand for our current products and services along with anticipated demand for future products and services, and we have limited insight into trends that may emerge and affect our business. As a result, our future capital requirements are subject to uncertainty and our actual capital requirements may be different from or greater than those we currently anticipate. If we are unable to efficiently manage our cost of revenues, operating expenses, and capital expenditures, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows would be materially and adversely affected. We will require additional financings to raise capital to support our business, which may not be available in a timely manner, on terms that are acceptable, or at all. We expect that we will need to seek additional equity and/or debt financing in both the near- and long-term to finance a portion of our costs and capital expenditures. Our ability to obtain the necessary financing to carry out our business plan is subject to a number of factors. These include investor and customer acceptance of our business model, market confidence in our ability to execute against our business plans, industry wide EV adoption rates or slower growth in demand, delays, cutbacks or cancellations in EV production plans announced by other manufacturers, and general conditions in the global economy and financial markets, including volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets due to inflation, tariffs, interest rate changes, and global conflicts or other geopolitica l events and any resulting economic uncertainty or global or domestic recession. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms and conditions of such financing unattractive or unavailable to us. In January 2025, the United States Department of Energy ( DOE ) agreed to arrange a multi-draw term loan facility to be provided by the Federal Financing Bank to a Rivian subsidiary under DOE s Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Program (the DOE Loan ). Our ability to receive advances under our DOE Loan is subject to certain conditions, including the achievement of certain milestones, which may not be achieved at the time that we anticipate or at all. Our existing debt has resulted in, and any additional indebtedness we incur, including under the DOE Loan would result in, increased debt service obligations and could involve additional restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters. The sale of additional equity or equity-linked securities would result in dilution for our stockholders. If we are unable to receive funds under our existing financing arrangements, raise sufficient funds or obtain funding on terms satisfactory to us, we may have to significantly reduce our spending, delay or cancel our planned activities or substantially change our corporate structure, and we may not have sufficient resources to conduct our business as planned, which would materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The success of our business depends on attracting and retaining a large number of consumers and maintaining strong demand for our vehicles, software and services. If we are unable to do so, we will not be able to achieve profitability. Our success depends on attracting a large number of consumers and maintaining strong demand for our vehicles and the software and services we provide to consumers. In 2026, we are launching the R2 and there is no assurance that we will be able to meet our R2 delivery targets. Any failure to meet our delivery targets could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. To support demand generation, we are in the process of growing our capabilities, such as expanding our spaces, expanding our demonstration drives and building our sales and marketing team, technology, and infrastructure, which increases our costs. Additionally, we have limited experience in marketing, selling, and advertising, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in ramping up these capabilities on a timely 13 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. basis or to their full potential or that we will achieve the expected benefits. If, for any reason, we are not able to attract and maintain consumers, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows would be materially and adversely affected. Demand in the automobile industry is volatile. A number of factors can impact overall demand and consumer decisions on whether to purchase our vehicles, software or services, including changes in customer preferences, competitive developments, introduction of new vehicles and technologies, general economic or geopolitical conditions, increases in interest rates, increased tariffs, economic uncertainty and global or domestic recession, changes to or rollback of government incentives, higher insurance premiums for EVs, lack of charging infrastructure, negative perceptions regarding EV demand and adoption, and any event or incident that generates negative media coverage about us or the safety or quality of EVs. We have less financial resources than more established competitors to withstand changes in the market and disruptions in demand. Reduced EV segment demand could lead to lower sales, revenue shortfalls, loss of customers, and increased inventory, which may result in further downward price pressure and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. These effects may also have a more pronounced impact on our business given our relatively smaller scale and financial resources as compared to other established competitors. The automotive and value added software and services markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we may not be successful in competing in these markets. Both the automobile industry generally, and the EV segment in particular, are highly competitive, and we are competing for sales with both EV manufacturers and traditional automotive companies, including those who have or have announced consumer and commercial vehicles that may be directly competitive to ours, as well as pre-owned vehicle dealers. Many of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, or other resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the design, development, manufacturing, distribution, p romotion, sale, and support of their products than we may devote to our products. Competition for EVs may intensify due to increased global sales volume, launch of new variants, discounts and incentives, continuing globalization, and consolidation in the worldwide automotive industry, as well as the significant volatility in oil and gasoline prices. Other factors affecting competition include product performance and quality, technological innovation, customer experience, brand differentiation, product design, pricing and total cost of ownership ( TCO ), and manufacturing scale and efficiency. In addition, through the creation of the Joint Venture , the electrical architecture and vertically integrated software used in our vehicles will be integrated into vehicles outside of Rivian , which could negatively impact our ability to compete. We also compete with numerous and varied competitors for our software and services, including those who have much greater financial, technical, marketing, and industry experience than we have, and who may devote greater resources to their respective products and services than we may be able to devote to our competing products and services. As fleet operators begin transitioning to EVs on a mass scale, we expect that more competitors will enter the commercial fleet EV market. In addition, the existence of our commercial relationship with Amazon, coupled with its significant holdings of our securities, and the fact that sales of Rivian Commercial Vans to certain last-mile delivery customers and certain customers in the retail industry require Amazon s consent, may deter Amazon s competitors or other third parties from contracting with us. Further, due to new entrants in the commercial fleet EV market, we may experience increased competition for components and other parts of our vehicles, which may have limited or single-source supply. The EV sector continues to experience price competition due in part to political and general economic conditions. Many of our competitors have announced changes in EV production plans and their pricing strategy, including vehicle price reductions and incentives, which may continue to result in downward price pressure. Our competitors with greater financial resources may be able to adjust their pricing strategies, with limited impact on their business, while any adjustment in pricing strategies that we undertake will have a greater impact on our business and we may not be able to competitively match their actions. If we do not adjust our pricing strategies, we may experience lower vehicle unit sales and increased inventory, reduced demand for our products and services, a loss of customers, or a loss in future market share, any of which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our future growth is dependent on the demand for, and upon customers willingness to adopt, EVs. Our future growth is dependent on the demand for, and upon customers willingness to adopt EVs, and even if EVs become more mainstream, customers choosing us over other EV manufacturers is not assured. Demand for EVs may be affected by factors directly impacting automobile prices or the cost of purchasing and operating automobiles such as sales and financing 14 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. incentives, prices of raw materials and components, cost of energy, and governmental regulations, including incentives, tariffs, import regulation, and taxes. The market for new alternative energy vehicles is still rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, competitive pricing and competitive factors, evolving government regulation and industry standards, and changing consumer demands and behaviors. Other factors that may influence the adoption of alternative fuel vehicles, and specifically EVs, include: perceptions about EV quality, safety, design, performance, value and cost and about EV safety in general, in particular safety issues that may be attributed to the use of advanced technology; range anxiety, including the decline of an EV s range resulting from deterioration over time in the battery s usable capacity, the quality, reliability, and availability of service and charging stations for EVs, and the costs and challenges of installing home charging equipment, and perceptions about the cost and availability of alternative energy, including the capacity and reliability of the electric grid; the availability of new alternative energy vehicles and competition, including from other types of alternative fuel vehicles, plug-in hybrid EVs, and high fuel-economy internal combustion engine ( ICE ) vehicles; the environmental consciousness of consumers, and the availability of tax and other governmental incentives to purchase and operate EVs and future regulations requiring increased use of nonpolluting vehicles; changes in the price of gasoline or other petroleum-based fuel; regulatory, legislative and political changes; and economic factors. We will also depend upon the adoption of EVs by operators of commercial vehicle fleets for future growth, and on our ability to produce, sell and service vehicles that meet their needs. The entry of commercial EVs is a relatively new development, particularly in the United States, and is characterized by rapidly changing technologies and evolving government regulation, industry standards, and customer views of the merits of using EVs in their businesses. This process has been slow to date. As part of our sales efforts, we must educate fleet managers as to the economical savings during the life of the vehicle and the lower TCO of our vehicles. As such, we believe that operators of commercial vehicle fleets will consider many factors when deciding whether to purchase our commercial EVs (or commercial EVs generally), including the factors set forth above, as well as corporate sustainability initiatives, government regulations, economic incentives applicable to commercial vehicles, and the availability of commercial fleet charging infrastructure. Additionally, legislative and executive actions have reversed much of the previous administration s policy directives as it relates to clean energy and EV s and there have been efforts in federal and state governments to scale back emissions regulations. These efforts face legal challenges that could delay or alter their implementation. However, these efforts have reduced or eliminated governmental incentives and subsidies for EV s, potentially chilling customer demand, impacting our future growth prospects and adversely affecting our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our long-term results depend upon our ability to successfully introduce, integrate, and market new products and services, which may expose us to new and increased challenges and risks, and any inability to do so could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We operate in a very competitive industry with market participants routinely introducing new and improved vehicle models, technologies, products, software and services to meet rapidly evolving consumer expectations. To meet these expectations and evolving areas of market demand, we plan to introduce new EV models, variants and technologies, including our mid-sized platform, with R2 being the first variant. Furthermore, our growth strategy depends, in part, on our ability to successfully introduce and market new products and services, such as financing, insurance, vehicle repair and maintenance, charging solutions, vehicle resale, as well as software for consumers, such as Connect+ and Autonomy+, and fleet management for commercial customers. Our ability to achieve or maintain profitability will depend on our ability to fund and successfully design, manufacture, introduce, and market new vehicle models, products and services that attract a sufficient number of customers. If the production and delivery of new models, variants, or technologies are delayed or reduced, if they are not manufactured in line with cost and volume targets, or if new models, variants, technologies or our product and services do not meet customer expectations or are not well-received by the market for any reason, including due to pricing considerations, competitors product introductions, technological innovations, economic conditions, regulatory or other political 15 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. developments, including tariffs and other trade barriers, transportation infrastructure, and changes in quality, safety, reliability, and styling demands and preferences, our revenues and cash flow would be adversely affected and we may not be able to generate sales in sufficient quantities and at high enough prices to be profitable. We are also subject to the risk that the announcement of new EV models, variants, or technologies, such as R2, may have a negative impact on our revenues in the near-term if customers decide to not purchase available vehicles in anticipation of new EV models, variants or technologies, which may also create pricing pressure for our currently available vehicles and may result in additional costs to generate demand. We expect to continue to use a substantial amount of capital for research and development, vehicle repair and maintenance service, and sales and marketing. If we experience significant future growth, we may be required not only to make additional investments in our ecosystem and workforce, but also to expand our distribution infrastructure and customer support or expand our relationships with various partners and other third parties with whom we do business. There can be no assurances that any additional capital needed will be available on terms favorable to us, if at all, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, significant delays in the manufacture and delivery of our vehicles, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our business depends in large part on our ability to develop, manufacture, obtain regulatory approval for, market, and sell vehicles of sufficient quality and appeal to customers on schedule and on a large scale. Our vehicles may not meet customer expectations and may not be commercially viable. We have experienced delays in delivery and our production ramp has taken longer than originally expected due to operational and supply chain challenges we experienced along with other related factors. In addition, from time to time, we have implemented planned shutdowns of our facility to prepare for changes in our manufacturing facility. There can be no assurance that any future planned shutdown will not result in delays or unexpected challenges or that any future planned shutdown will be successful and achieve the expected benefits. Any production disruptions, including as a result of any component shortages due to tariffs or other trade barriers, construction delays or delays in the manufacture or delivery of our vehicles could materially damage our reputation, business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and could cause us to experience liquidity constraints. In conjunction with the expansion of our Normal Factory and the planned construction of our Stanton Springs North Facility and the launch of future products and services, we expect to manufacture our vehicles in increasingly higher volumes than our present production capabilities. We have limited experience as an organization in high volume manufacturing of EVs, and the Normal Factory is operating significantly below full vehicle production rate capacity, with no certainty as to when we will be successful in expanding our production capacity. Even if we are successful in developing our high-volume manufacturing capability and processes and in reliably sourcing our component supply, we cannot assure that we will be able to do so in a manner that avoids significant delays and cost overruns. The continued development of and the ability to manufacture our vehicles at scale, including the R1T, R1S, and commercial fleet vehicles, such as the EDVs, and other commercial products and our ability to develop and manufacture the R2 in the near future, are and will be subject to risks, including with respect to: our ability to expand operations at our Normal Factory and future facilities; construction of our Stanton Springs North Facility, including potential problems or delays in the construction or operationalizing of the facility; securing in a timely manner necessary raw materials, supplies, and components that meet our quality standards, including raw materials or components subject to China s or other countries export control requirements regarding certain materials, including rare earth materials; our ability to negotiate and execute definitive licenses and agreements, and maintain arrangements on reasonable terms, with our various suppliers for equipment, raw materials, hardware, software, or services necessary to engineer or manufacture components of our vehicles; ineffective or inefficient quality controls, including within our manufacturing operations, that could also drive higher-than-expected warranty or other costs; our ability to accurately forecast, purchase, warehouse, and transport components at high volumes to our manufacturing facility; our ability to successfully implement automation, inventory management and other systems to accommodate the increased complexity in our supply chain and components management; defects in design and/or manufacture that cause our vehicles not to perform as expected or that require repair, field actions, including product recalls, and design changes; delays, disruptions or increased costs in our supply chain, including raw material supplies; scaling our production processes to reduce the number of labor hours required to manufacture each vehicle; research and development of new models; 16 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. new technology and design introductions, which from time to time require temporary manufacturing shutdowns to implement product and technology enhancements and upgrades; obtaining required regulatory approvals and certifications; compliance with environmental, health, safety, and similar regulations; and our ability to attract, recruit, hire, retain, and train skilled employees. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We must continue to develop complex software and hardware in coordination with the Joint Venture and our other vendors and suppliers to reach mass production for our vehicles, and there can be no assurance such systems will be successfully developed or integrated on a timely basis or at all, or perform effectively once integrated. Our operations, vehicles and information technology ( IT ) systems use a substantial amount of complex in-house and third-party software and hardware. The continued development and integration of such advanced technologies are inherently complex and requires us to coordinate with our vendors and suppliers to reach mass production for our vehicles. As a result of the Joint Venture, we no longer develop, update, improve and maintain certain software in-house, and instead rely primarily on the services of the Joint Venture for those operations. If the Joint Venture or our other vendors or suppliers fail to provide such services to us in a timely and sufficient manner or at all, we may not be able to integrate the necessary software and hardware into our products and services, operations or IT systems. Our potential inability to develop and integrate the necessary software and hardware may materially interrupt our business and our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, if the software that the Joint Venture or any of our other vendors or suppliers develop and provide to us does not conform to its specifications or otherwise contains any errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or design defects, our products and services, operations or IT systems may not function properly and our business may be exposed to liability for loss of life or injury, products liability, lost profits, loss of reputation, loss of customers, government or regulatory scrutiny or other adverse outcomes, which could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows . Defects and errors can be revealed over time and our control over the performance of the Joint Venture s services and other vendor or supplier services and systems to remedy such defects or errors may be limited. We rely on vendors and suppliers to develop a number of emerging technologies for use in our products and services, including battery technology and the use of different battery cell chemistries. Certain of these technologies and chemistries are not today, and may not ever be, commercially viable. There can be no assurances that our vendors and suppliers will be able to meet the technological requirements, production timing, and volume requirements to support our business plan. Furthermore, if we experience delays by our vendors and suppliers, we could experience delays in delivering our products and services on our timelines. In addition, the technology may not comply with the cost, performance useful life, and warranty characteristics we anticipate in our business plan. As a result, our business plan could be significantly impacted and we may incur significant liabilities under warranty claims which could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We are subject to risks associated with our joint venture with Volkswagen Group , including that a significant portion of our software and services revenues has been from Volkswagen Group. If the Joint Venture does not meet its operational objectives, or we do not achieve the anticipated incremental benefits and future revenue opportunities as a result of the Joint Venture then our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. In November 2024, we entered into a transaction agreement with Volkswagen AG and its affiliates ( Volkswagen Group ) to establish a new joint venture (the Joint Venture ) focusing on vehicle electrical architecture and software development services. A significant portion of our software and services rev enues has been from Volkswagen Group. Volkswagen US-Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as Volkswagen International America Inc ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Volkswagen AG, beneficially owns shares of our capital stock representing 11.5% of our voting power as of December 31, 2025. There can be no assurance that the Joint Venture will meet its operational objectives, or that we will achieve incremental benefits through savings on material costs, operating expense efficiencies, and future revenue opportunities as a result of the Joint Venture . Even if we were to achieve any of the anticipated benefits of the Joint Venture , it may take us longer than expected to fully realize those benefits or the benefits may ultimately be smaller than anticipated. Further, there is no assurance that the Joint Venture will lead to the successful expansion of the market applications for our software or that such applications will 17 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. achieve market acceptance or prove to be profitable. An impact on our ability to recognize the benefits of the Joint Venture or any increased expenditure of our resources as a result of the Joint Venture may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Further, the Joint Venture will be our primary development partner for vehicle electrical architecture and software development services. If the Joint Venture is unable to produce software of the quality necessary to meet the demands of our vehicles, or on timelines necessary to meet such demands, our ability to sell vehicles could be impacted, which may result in our business being materially harmed. This risk may be further compounded if the electrical architecture and software developed by the Joint Venture does not operate correctly or contains errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or design defects. See Our operations, IT systems, products and services rely on software and hardware that is highly technical, and from time to time can contain errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or design defects. If we are unsuccessful in identifying, addressing or mitigating technical limitations in our operations, IT systems, products and services, our business could be adversely affected . Volkswagen Group may have business interests, goals, priorities or concerns that are different from ours. The Joint Venture is a separate legal entity with its own management and board of directors. We and Volkswagen Group have equal representation on the board of directors of the Joint Venture , and are each entitled to appoint one co- CEO , and we therefore do not have the ability to exercise sole power with respect to all decisions made by the Joint Venture . As a result, we may face disputes and differences in views in operating the Joint Venture , which may result in reduced ability to operate, delayed decision making and failure to come to consensus. Any disagreements that we have with Volkswagen Group with respect to the operation of the Joint Venture could delay or derail our ability to implement improvements to our products and services or impede our commercial operations. Any reduced ability to operate may materially impact the Joint Venture s business, prospects and financial condition, which in turn could impact our ability to realize any anticipated benefits of the Joint Venture . Further, any prolonged disputes related to the Joint Venture s operation may require us to expend additional resources on resolving such disputes. Any exit or unwinding of the Joint Venture would be complex and would be subject to negotiation between the parties and may result in increased costs and expenditures. In connection with this partnership, Volkswagen Group made an initial equity investment in the Company of $1.0 billion, consisting of an unsecured convertible promissory note due June 2026 (the 2026 Convertible Note ) that converted into shares of our Class A common stock in December 2024 in accordance with its terms. In November 2024, we also received $1.3 billion from Volkswagen Group for intellectual property licensed to Volkswagen Group . In addition, as of March 31, 2025, we achieved the Financial Milestone required for the first additional equity investment tranche. On June 30, 2025, we received from Volkswagen Group the first additional equity investment tranche of $1.0 billion in exchange for which we issued $750 million of our Class A common stock. Volkswagen Group has also committed to make additional equity investments of up to approximately $1.5 billion in multiple tranches, subject to certain conditions, including the achievement of certain milestones and obtaining relevant regulatory clearances, of which $210 million is being recognized as revenue over time for services provided by the Joint Venture . There can be no assurances that the conditions required for investment of the other tranches will be satisfied within the contemplated timeframe, or at all. In addition, the conversion of the 2026 Convertible Note and our issuance of $750 million shares of Class A common stock to Volkswagen Group on June 30, 2025 as a result of our satisfaction of the Financial Milestone resulted in the dilution of the ownership interests of existing stockholders, and Volkswagen Group s proposed additional equity investments in us will cause further dilution. In connection with the Joint Venture , Volkswagen Group has also committed to providing a $1.0 billion term loan facility to the Joint Venture , available in October 2026, the proceeds of which would be concurrently loaned by the Joint Venture to Rivian JV SPV, LLC , a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the owner of 50% of the equity interests of the Joint Venture (the Joint Venture Equityholder ), and then distributed to the Company by the Joint Venture Equityholder to be used for general corporate purposes. We refer to these loans together as the JV Loan . Availability of the JV Loan is subject to customary financing conditions which must be satisfied during October 2026, and there can be no assurance that any such conditions will be met. Any incremental incurrence of debt under the JV Loan would result in increased debt service obligations and additional restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters. In addition, in connection with the Joint Venture , we granted Volkswagen Group a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive license to certain of our electrical architecture and software technology existing at the time we entered the Joint Venture for use in connection with Volkswagen Group s vehicles and related services, and provided to Volkswagen Group the related software source code and related technical information and trade secrets, subject to confidentiality obligations. In addition, we have agreed, and may agree in the future, to grant Volkswagen Group licenses to certain additional technology that will be further developed by the Joint Venture . There can be no assurance that Volkswagen Group and its subcontractors will not misuse or disclose our confidential proprietary information to third parties, inadvertently or otherwise, and our remedies for any such misuse or disclosure may be limited. We are also required to indemnify Volkswagen Group for any claims that 18 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. Volkswagen Group s or the Joint Venture s use of the technology we licensed to them infringes or otherwise violates third-party intellectual property rights, subject to certain limitations. In addition, we expect that Volkswagen Group will offer vehicles that compete with ours using our licensed background technology and technology developed by the Joint Venture , which may materially adversely impact our business given Volkswagen Group s size, resources and position in the automotive market. We may be subject to risks associated with additional strategic alliances or acquisitions. We have entered into and may from time to time consider entering into additional strategic alliances, including joint ventures, minority equity investments, strategic commercial arrangements or other transactions, with various third parties to further our business purpose. However, there are no assurances that we will be able to identify or secure suitable alliances in the future or that we will be able to maintain such alliances, which could impair our overall growth. If we announce any proposed strategic alliance, but are unable to close such proposed transaction, we may suffer negative publicity and it may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, these alliances could subject us to a number of risks, including risks associated with sharing proprietary information, with non-performance by the third party and with increased expenses in establishing new strategic alliances, any of which may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We may have limited ability to monitor or control the actions of these third parties and, to the extent any of these strategic third parties suffer negative publicity or harm to their reputation from events relating to their business, we may also suffer negative publicity or harm to our reputation by virtue of our association with any such third party. When appropriate opportunities arise, we have acquired and may in the future acquire additional assets, products, technologies, or businesses that are complementary to our existing business. In addition to possible stockholder approval, we may need approvals and licenses from relevant government authorities for acquisitions and to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, which could result in increased delay and costs, and may disrupt our business strategy if we fail to obtain any such approval or license. Furthermore, acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets and businesses into our own require significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our operations. Acquired assets or businesses may not generate the financial results we expect. Acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the occurrence of significant goodwill impairment charges, amortization expenses for other intangible assets, and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover, the costs of identifying and consummating acquisitions may be significant. We have experienced, and could experience in the future, cost increases and disruptions in supply of raw materials, components or equipment used to produce our vehicles. We incur significant costs related to procuring raw materials, components and equipment required to manufacture and assemble our vehicles. The prices we pay for these raw materials fluctuate depending on factors often beyond our control, including market conditions, inflation, changes in interest rates, market prices of key commodities, regulatory requirements, and global demand for these materials, and could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Changes in business or economic conditions, governmental regulations, currency fluctuations, increased United States tariffs, non-United States retaliatory tariffs and non-tariff trade barriers including export restrictions in supplier countries, shortages in raw materials, and changes in geopolitical conditions, and other factors beyond our control or that we do not presently anticipate could result in significant increases in freight charges and raw material and component costs which could significantly impact our ability to receive raw materials or components. For example, China's changes to its export control requirements on certain materials, including rare earth minerals have caused, and could continue to cause, impact on our ability to receive raw materials and components, costs and production. Substantial increases in the prices for our raw materials or components and increased costs due to changing regulatory requirements have increased, and could continue to increase, our operating costs and reduce our margins. Price increases and other measures taken by us to offset higher costs could materially and adversely affect our reputation and brand, result in negative publicity and loss of customers and sales, and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Shortages and delays in the supply of certain raw materials, components and equipment necessary to produce our vehicles, and the various internal designs and processes we adopted in an effort to remedy or mitigate impacts of such disruptions and delays have resulted in, and may in the future result in, higher costs. If our suppliers experience substantial financial 19 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. difficulties or work stoppages, cease operations, or otherwise face business disruptions, or choose to de-prioritize their supply to us, we would be required to take measures to ensure raw materials, components and equipment remain available. A number of our suppliers have notified us of potential supply chain impact due to tariffs and other trade barriers. Our renegotiation with such suppliers to address such tariffs and trade barriers has resulted in, and may, in the future, result in increased costs. If we are unsuccessful in such renegotiation, or if any of our suppliers experience continued business disruptions as a result of such tariffs or trade barriers, we may experience disruptions and delays. The delay or unavailability of any raw material, component, or equipment or supplier disruption has resulted, and could in the future result in production delays, idle manufacturing facilities, product design changes, loss of access to important technology and tools for producing and supporting our products and services, and increased costs, any of which could negatively affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, if a supplied vehicle component becomes the subject of a field action, including a product recall, we may be required to find an alternative component, which could increase our costs, cause vehicle production delays, and subject us to costly litigation surrounding the component. There are also increasing expectations that companies monitor the environmental and/or social performance of their supply chains, including suppliers compliance with a variety of labor practices. Such expectations have resulted in enhanced regulatory and other stakeholder scrutiny of companies and suppliers in our industry. Compliance can be costly, require us to establish or augment programs to diligence or monitor our suppliers, or, in the case of legislation such as the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, to design supply chains to avoid certain regions or suppliers altogether. Our failure to comply or our suppliers failure to comply may result in a variety of adverse impacts, including reputational damage, potential liability, or a denial of import for various components. In some cases, we may not be able to find alternative suppliers on acceptable terms or for the quantities that we need. As a key component of our vehicle products, our business depends on the continued supply of battery cells for our vehicles and the inability or unwillingness of battery cell manufacturers to build or operate battery cell manufacturing plants to supply the numbers of battery cells (including the applicable chemistries) required to support the growth of the electric or plug-in hybrid vehicle industry as demand for such cells increases would impact our projected manufacturing and delivery timelines, and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We are dependent on establishing and maintaining relationships with vendors and suppliers necessary for the production of our products and services, a significant number of which are single or limited source suppliers, and effectively managing the risks due to such relationships. Our success is dependent upon our ability to enter into vendor and supplier agreements and build and maintain our relationships with vendors and suppliers who are critical and necessary to the production of our products and services . The vendor and supplier agreements we have, and may enter into with vendors and suppliers in the future, may have provisions where such agreements can be terminated in various circumstances, including potentially without cause. In the ordinary course of our business, we currently have, and may in the future have, legal disputes with our vendors and suppliers, including litigation to enforce such vendor and supplier agreements, which would adversely affect our ability to obtain services, raw materials and components from such vendors and suppliers. If our vendors and suppliers become unable or unwilling to provide, or experience delays in providing, services, raw materials or components, or if the vendor and supplier agreements we have in place are terminated, or if any such litigation to enforce such agreements is not resolved in our favor, it may be difficult or impossible to find replacement services or components at a reasonable cost in a timely manner. For example, a number of our suppliers have notified us of potential supply chain impact due to tariffs and other trade barriers, which has resulted in our experiencing delays and increased costs, and which has resulted in and may in the future result in legal disputes and negotiations. Moreover, as we implement product and services upgrades and adaptations or make changes to our order volumes, we have had, and may in the future have, legal disputes and negotiations with vendors and suppliers related to changes in current vendor and supplier contracts. In addition, if we terminate any vendor or supplier agreements we may be subject to cancellation or other settlement costs. Additionally, our EVs contain thousands of components that we purchase from hundreds of mostly single- or limited-source suppliers, for which no immediate or readily available alternative supplier exists. Due to scarce natural resources or other component availability constraints, we may not receive the full allocation of components we have requested from a particular supplier due to supplier allocation decisions that are outside our control. We may not be able to establish alternate supplier relationships for any component shortages or obtain or engineer replacement components for any single source components, or we may be unable to do so in the short term (or at all) at prices or quality levels that are acceptable to us, including as a result of tariffs and other trade barriers. Further, any such alternative suppliers may be located a long distance from our manufacturing facilities, which may lead to increased costs or delays. In addition, as we evaluate opportunities and take steps 20 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. to insource certain components, supply arrangements with current or future suppliers (with respect to other components offered by such suppliers) may be available on less favorable terms or not at all. If we do not enter into long-term supply agreements with guaranteed pricing for our raw materials or components, or if those long-term supply agreements are not hon