=== DGX_2026-04-06.htm.gz ===
SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement April 6, 2026 Working together to create a healthier world, one life at a time The Quest Way Purpose Why we exist Working together to create a healthier world, one life at a time We enable optimal, proactive health decisions by providing high-quality and affordable diagnostic testing insights and services using our scale and extensive reach Strategy How we grow Collaborating with healthcare providers and partners to leverage our broad access Offering an industry-leading menu of testing and other services Leveraging our data assets and services to improve population health and enable value-based care Continuously improving our quality and ef ciency by embracing innovative technologies, such as automation and arti cial intelligence ( AI ) Who we serve: physicians, hospitals, patients and consumers, health plans, employers, emerging retail healthcare providers, government agencies, pharmaceutical companies, and other commercial clinical laboratories Culture How we work Customer first, Care, Collaboration, Continuous improvement, Curiosity Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Quest Diagnostics Incorporated One Insights Drive Clifton, New Jersey May 20, 2026, 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time April 6, 2026 Dear Fellow Stockholder: It is my pleasure to invite you to attend Quest Diagnostics 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting ). At the Annual Meeting, stockholders will vote on the following, in addition to any other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof: to elect eleven directors; to approve, on an advisory basis, the executive compensation disclosed in the accompanying proxy statement; to ratify the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026; and to consider a stockholder proposal, as described in the accompanying proxy statement, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting. Attendance at the Annual Meeting is limited to stockholders at the close of business on March 23, 2026, or their duly appointed proxy holder. We enclose our proxy statement, our Annual Report and a proxy card; distribution of these materials is scheduled to begin on April 6, 2026. Your vote is very important. We urge you to submit your proxy even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting. Most stockholders may submit a proxy via mail, telephone or the Internet. Instructions on how to submit your proxy are included with your proxy card and these proxy materials. Please submit your proxy promptly. Thank you for your continued support of Quest Diagnostics. Sincerely, James E. Davis Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Time and Date: 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time, May 20, 2026 Place: One Insights Drive, Clifton, New Jersey Record date: March 23, 2026 Voting: Record date stockholders only: One vote per share Meeting Agenda Board Recommendation 1. To elect eleven directors FOR EACH NOMINEE 2. To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers disclosed in our Proxy Statement FOR 3. To ratify the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 FOR 4. To consider a stockholder proposal regarding an independent board chairman, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting AGAINST 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Stockholder proposals submitted pursuant to SEC Rule 14a-8 must be received by Quest Diagnostics Incorporated ( Quest Diagnostics, the Company, we or our ) by December 7, 2026. Notice of stockholder proposals outside of SEC Rule 14a-8, including nominations (other than proxy access nominations) for the Board of Directors (the Board ), must be received by the Company no earlier than January 20, 2027 and no later than February 19, 2027 and must comply with the requirements set forth in our by-laws. In addition to the requirements set forth in our by-laws, stockholders who intend to solicit proxies for nominations for election to the Board other than the Company s nominees in reliance on the universal proxy rules (Rule 14a-19 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) must also comply with the additional requirements of Rule 14a-19. Notice of proxy access director nominations must be received by the Company no earlier than November 7, 2026 and no later than December 7, 2026. i 2026 Proxy Statement Board Nominees The following table provides summary information about our director nominees. Name Age Director Since Occupation Current Committee Memberships Other Public Company Boards Robert B. Carter 66 2024 Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer, FedEx Corporation AC CS N/A James E. Davis 63 2022 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Quest Diagnostics Incorporated EX N/A Luis A. Diaz, Jr., M.D. 55 2023 Head of the Division of Solid Tumor Oncology, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center CS QC N/A Tracey C. Doi 65 2021 Retired Chief Financial Officer and Group Vice President of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. AC/FE QC Pentair plc Vicky B. Gregg 71 2014 Cofounder/Partner, Guidon Partners LLC and Retired CEO, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Tennessee CC GC QC (Chair) Acadia Healthcare Company Wright L. Lassiter III 62 2020 CEO, CommonSpirit Health AC QC Fortive Corporation Timothy L. Main 68 2014 Non-Executive Chairman of WNS (Holdings) Limited AC CS (Chair) GC WNS (Holdings) Limited Denise M. Morrison 72 2019 Founder, Denise Morrison Associates and Retired President and CEO, Campbell Soup Company CC(Chair) CS GC MetLife, Inc. Visa, Inc. Gary M. Pfeiffer 76 2004 Retired Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company AC/FE (Chair) CC EX GC N/A Timothy M. Ring, Lead Independent Director 68 2011 Retired Chairman and CEO, C. R. Bard, Inc. CC EX (Chair) GC (Chair) Becton, Dickinson and Company Timothy C. Wentworth 65 2026 Retired CEO, Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. CC QC N/A AC Audit and Finance Committee CC Compensation and Leadership Development Committee CS Cybersecurity Committee EX Executive Committee GC Governance Committee QC Quality and Compliance Committee FE Financial Expert ii 2026 Proxy Statement 2025 Executive Compensation Highlights Type Form Percentage of Equity Award for Named Executive Officers (%) Terms Equity Performance Shares 50 Performance metrics for 2025-2027 performance cycle: revenue growth, 50%; average return on invested capital, 30%; relative total stockholder return (relative to S P 500 Healthcare Index companies), 20% Vest after 3-year performance period Stock Options 25 3-year ratable vesting Restricted Share Units ( RSUs ) 25 3-year ratable vesting Cash Salary Reviewed and approved annually Annual Incentive Compensation Based on financial and non-financial goals Retirement 401(k) Plan Company matching contributions Supplemental Deferred Compensation Plan Company matching contributions Our Board is firmly committed to pay for performance. The table above outlines the main components of our compensation program for executive officers in 2025. The objectives of our program are to attract and retain talented executives who have the skills and experience required to help us achieve our strategic objectives, and to align the interests of our executives to those of our stockholders, in each case to advance the long-term interests of our stockholders. The compensation opportunity for our named executive officers is directly tied to company performance, including both financial and non-financial results, and individual performance. The average 2025 annual incentive payout for our named executive officers on our annual cash incentives under the Senior Management Incentive Plan ( SMIP ) was 116% of target. Payout on performance shares for the 3-year performance period ended December 31, 2025 was 154% of target. The following table summarizes annual incentive plan and performance share payouts for the two most recent performance periods for our named executive officers. Annual Incentive Payout (% of target) Performance Share Payout for 3-year performance period (% of target) Performance period ended December 31, 2025 116 (average) 154 Performance period ended December 31, 2024 97 (average) 157 Our Compensation Discussion and Analysis, which includes a discussion of our program s Best Practices, begins on page 25. The 2025 compensation of our named executive officers is set forth in tables beginning at page 46. iii 2026 Proxy Statement 2025 Business Performance Highlights Leveraging our Capabilities and Collaborating We increased revenues by 11.8% to $11.04 billion. We generated diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) of $8.75 and adjusted diluted EPS of $9.85. We maintained health plan access to more than 90% of U.S. insured lives and expanded access in new geographies, including through collaborations with Elevance Health and Sentara Health Plans, effective January 1, 2025. We continued to work with health systems to help them execute their lab strategy. In 2025, our Collaborative Lab Solutions ( Co-Lab Solutions ) offering generated approximately $800 million in revenues and management fees supporting hospitals in the operation of their own labs. We also began providing co-lab solutions for Corewell Health, a leading health system in Michigan, which is our largest Co-Lab Solutions implementation to date. In Advanced Diagnostics, we added category-defining innovations to our portfolio, including a new Quest AD-Detect blood test for aiding the diagnosis of Alzheimer s disease, long-read gene sequencing to identify the cause of ataxia movement disorders, and HPV self-collection options for cervical cancer screening. In 2025, certain Advanced Diagnostics test offerings within five clinical areas oncology, cardiometabolic and endocrine, brain health, autoimmune, women s health and genetics generated over $1 billion in revenues in 2025, reflecting double-digit revenue growth. In 2023, we acquired Haystack Oncology, Inc., a cancer testing company that developed a highly sensitive testing technology for detecting minimal-residual disease ( MRD ). In 2025, we secured U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) breakthrough device designation for the Haystack MRD test for monitoring patients treated for solid-tumor cancers and formed collaborations with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center and Rutgers Cancer Institute, among others, to research and develop innovations for detecting early signs of cancer. Our consumer-initiated testing service, QuestHealth.com, continued to generate strong growth in 2025. We expanded QuestHealth.com to include over 150 tests and increased to more than 45 million the number of registered users in our MyQuest health portal at the end of 2025. We also further advanced our position as the premier lab engine powering the wellness industry through new collaborations with top consumer wellness and wearables companies. We scaled lab testing to deliver services for more than 200,000 patients at Fresenius Medical Care's dialysis centers in the United States while also adding leading water-purity testing capabilities to our menu. We integrated eight acquisitions completed in 2024, providing the basis for growth in new geographies, including Canada. Continuous Improvement We significantly improved our employee retention rates across multiple job categories as a result of our continued focus on improving workforce engagement. We delivered 3% annual savings and productivity improvements through our Invigorate cost excellence program. We expanded our use of AI to continue to help drive innovation and operational efficiency. For example, in 2025, we initiated or expanded our use of AI and automation in several areas, ranging from digital cytology, microbiology, parasitology and digital pathology. We also advanced our use of automation in front-end specimen processing and labelling in six of our labs, freeing more of our processors to focus on higher-order work. We continued to leverage automation and AI to improve productivity and quality across our entire value chain, not just in the laboratory. We deployed AI to reduce denials and patient concessions, support logistics route optimization to speed specimen transport, and enhance the digital experience. In 2025, we announced a collaboration with Google to use Google Cloud's data analytics and generative AI to help us streamline our data management, improve data analytics, and personalize the experiences we deliver to patients, providers, and other customers. We formed a first-of-its-kind collaboration with Epic to be our technology partner for Project Nova, our multi-year order-to-cash transformation project designed to streamline systems and improve customer experiences, regardless of the electronic health record they use, leading to smarter, simpler testing. Disciplined Capital Deployment In February 2026, we announced the fifteenth increase in our quarterly cash dividend since the beginning of 2012, increasing the dividend by approximately 7.5%, from $0.80 per share of common stock to $0.86 per share. We repurchased over $450 million of our common stock in 2025. Since the beginning of 2012 through the end of 2025, we have returned approximately $11.7 billion to stockholders: $8.1 billion through common stock repurchases (including $1.8 billion associated with pre-tax proceeds from divestitures), and $3.6 billion through dividends. iv 2026 Proxy Statement PROXY STATEMENT QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED Contents Proxy Summary i Information About Our Corporate Governance 1 Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors 1 Governance Practices 7 Corporate Responsibility 8 Director Independence 8 Stockholder Access and Outreach 9 Board Nomination Process 10 Board Committees 12 Board Leadership Structure 17 Board Oversight of Company Culture and Human Capital 17 Board, Committee and CEO Evaluation Process 18 Board Role in Risk Oversight 18 Related Person Transactions 20 Policies Regarding Insider Trading, Window Periods and Hedging and Pledging our Common Stock 20 2025 Director Compensation Table 21 Stock Ownership Information 22 Information Regarding Executive Compensation 24 Proposal No. 2 Advisory Resolution to Approve Executive Officer Compensation 24 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 25 Executive Summary 25 Executive Compensation Philosophy 28 Independent Compensation Consultant 31 Say on Pay, Stockholder Outreach, and Feedback 31 Setting Executive Compensation 31 Pay Components 33 Base Salary 33 Annual Cash Incentive Compensation 33 Long-Term Incentive Awards 37 Other 43 Risk Assessment 44 Share Ownership and Retention Guidelines 44 Policies Regarding Hedging or Pledging our Common Stock 45 Compensation and Leadership Development Committee Report 45 2025 Summary Compensation Table 46 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 48 Additional Information Regarding 2025 Summary Compensation and Grants of Plan-Based Awards Tables 48 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year-End 50 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table 51 2025 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table 52 2025 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 53 Pay Ratio 55 Equity Compensation Plan Information 56 Pay Versus Performance 57 Description of Pay Versus Performance Relationships 63 Audit 65 Proposal No. 3 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 65 Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services 66 Fees and Services of PwC 66 Audit and Finance Committee Report 67 Additional Action Items 68 Proposal No. 4 Stockholder Proposal Regarding an Independent Board Chairman 68 Frequently Asked Questions 72 Annex A Reconciliation of Non-GAAP and GAAP Information A-1 2026 Proxy Statement INFORMATION ABOUT OUR CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors The Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR each of the nominees described below Our Board currently has eleven directors. Directors are elected annually for a one-year term concluding on the date of the next annual meeting of stockholders. Each director holds office until his or her successor has been elected and qualified or the director s earlier resignation, death or removal. In March 2026, the Board elected Timothy Wentworth, former chief executive officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance, as a director. The Governance Committee and the Board evaluated several candidates as potential director nominees and chose Mr. Wentworth due to, among other things, his significant expertise in healthcare, including with health plans and in the pharmacy space, and with consumers, as well as supply chain, information technology and human resources. Mr. Wentworth was appointed to the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee and Quality and Compliance Committee. After considering the recommendation of the Governance Committee, the Board nominated the nominees below to serve as directors of Quest Diagnostics. Each nominee currently is a director of the Company whose term expires at the Annual Meeting. The biography of each nominee contains information regarding the person s service as a director of the Company, business experience, other public company director positions and the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that led the Board to conclude that the person should serve as a director of the Company. The Board believes that each nominee possesses the qualities and experience that nominees should possess in accordance with the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, which set forth the Company s philosophy regarding Board composition and identify key qualifications and other considerations for the nomination of directors (the relevant portion of the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines is set forth below under the heading Board Nomination Process beginning on page 10). Each nominee has consented to serve if elected. Robert B. Carter Retired Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer FedEx Corporation Age: 66 Director since: 2024 Mr. Carter retired as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer at FedEx Corporation in 2024, where he worked for over 30 years and was responsible for setting the technology direction of the FedEx applications, infrastructure and networks that provide support for FedEx product offerings. Mr. Carter serves on the board of directors of New York Life and previously served on the boards of First Horizon Corporation, Pilot Corporation and Saks, Inc. He also serves as the Chairman of the Board of Trustees for the University of Memphis. Mr. Carter earned a bachelor s degree in computer and information science from the University of Florida, and a master s degree from the University of South Florida. Qualifications, Skills and Expertise Mr. Carter has extensive expertise in cybersecurity and information technology, including AI. He also has extensive executive experience in operations, as well as strong public and private company board experience. 2026 Proxy Statement 1 James E. Davis Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Quest Diagnostics Incorporated Age: 63 Director since: 2022 Mr. Davis became Chairman of the Board on April 1, 2023 and Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company on November 1, 2022, having served as CEO-Elect since February 3, 2022. Mr. Davis joined Quest Diagnostics in April 2013 as Senior Vice President, Diagnostics Solutions. He initially managed a portfolio of businesses and was instrumental in refocusing the Company on diagnostic information services. Mr. Davis was given positions of increasing responsibility and was named Executive Vice President, General Diagnostics in January 2017. Prior to joining Quest Diagnostics, Mr. Davis served as Lead Director, and then as Chief Executive Officer, of InSightec, Inc., a medical device company that designs and develops ultrasound ablation devices that are guided by magnetic resonance imaging systems. Previously, he held a number of senior positions in General Electric s healthcare business, held leadership positions in General Electric s aviation business and led the development of strategic and operational improvement initiatives for clients of McKinsey Company, Inc. Qualifications, Skills and Expertise Mr. Davis has extensive executive experience, including in operations, general management, science, strategic planning and international operations, with large, complex corporations operating in the healthcare industry. Luis A. Diaz, Jr., M.D. Head of the Division of Solid Tumor Oncology Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center Age: 55 Director since: 2023 Dr. Diaz has been the head of the division of solid tumor oncology at the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center since December 2016. Previously, he was a faculty member and physician at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. He has founded several biotechnology companies, including Epitope, Inostics, PapGene (Thrive) and Personal Genome Diagnostics, Inc. Dr. Diaz s early work provided the first definitive evidence for using circulating tumor DNA as cancer biomarker for screening, monitoring, and detection of occult disease. He discovered the therapeutic link between immunotherapy and cancer genetics in patients with mismatch repair deficient tumors, which led to the first tumor agnostic FDA approval for tumors with this genetic lesion and the first cancer study, published in 2022, that resulted in a 100% complete remission rate. Dr. Diaz served on the board of Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. from 2017 until it was acquired in 2023. He is the recipient of numerous awards and honors. Dr. Diaz was elected to the National Academy of Medicine in 2023 and in 2021 he was appointed by President Biden to the National Cancer Advisory Board of the National Institutes of Health. Qualifications, Skills and Expertise Dr. Diaz has extensive experience in healthcare, medical and science and strong management and strategic planning experience with enterprises engaged in healthcare, medical and science. 2026 Proxy Statement 2 Tracey C. Doi Retired Chief Financial Officer and Group Vice President Toyota Motor North America, Inc. Age: 65 Director since: 2021 Ms. Doi retired as Chief Financial Officer and Group Vice President of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. in 2022, after serving nearly twenty years as Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Doi joined Toyota in 2000 as Vice President, Corporate Controller and her responsibilities continued to expand upon her elevation to Chief Financial Officer in 2003. She currently serves on the board of Pentair plc and as an independent trustee of SunAmerica Series Trust and Season Series Trust. Ms. Doi served on the board of City National Bank, a Royal Bank of Canada Company, from 2016 to 2021, and on the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco Economic Advisory Council from 2009 to 2016. Qualifications, Skills and Expertise Ms. Doi has extensive executive experience, including in corporate finance, general management, strategic planning, operations, risk, enterprise systems, consumer focus, business analytics and transformation, with a multinational corporation operating in a complex industry. Ms. Doi also has experience with cybersecurity and technology matters. Vicky B. Gregg Cofounder/Partner Guidon Partners LLC Retired Chief Executive Officer Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Tennessee Age: 71 Director since: 2014 Ms. Gregg is a cofounder/partner of Guidon Partners LLC. She retired as Chief Executive Officer of Blue Cross Blue Shield of Tennessee in 2012. Prior to becoming Chief Executive Officer in 2003, Ms. Gregg served in a number of other leadership roles, including President and Chief Operating Officer. Before that, she held a series of senior roles at Humana Health Plans. Ms. Gregg served as a member of the U.S. National Institutes of Health Commission on Systemic Interoperability. She currently serves on the boards of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc., Erlanger Health System and the Electric Power Board of Chattanooga, as well as the boards of several private companies, including MyEyeDr. Previously, Ms. Gregg served on several boards, including TeamHealth Holdings, Inc., then a public company, from 2013 to 2017 and First Horizon Corporation from 2011 to 2015. She has also served as Chair of America s Health Insurance Plans, as a member of the BlueCross BlueShield Association, as Chair of the Board of the National Institute for Healthcare Management, and as a member of the Healthcare Leadership Council. Qualifications, Skills and Expertise Ms. Gregg has extensive executive and advisory experience, including in general management and strategic planning, with a range of health care organizations, and extensive experience with healthcare issues and the operation of the U.S. healthcare system, including as a practicing nurse. 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Wright L. Lassiter III Chief Executive Officer Common Spirit Health Age: 62 Director since: 2020 In August 2022, Mr. Lassiter became Chief Executive Officer of CommonSpirit Health, one of the country s largest and most diverse health care organizations, with more than 2,300 care sites across 24 states. Prior to joining CommonSpirit Health, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Ford Health System in Detroit, Michigan from December 2014 to 2022. Prior to that, he was Chief Executive Officer of Alameda Health System in Oakland, California from 2005 to 2014. Mr. Lassiter currently serves on the board of Fortive Corporation and is the Chair of the American Hospital Association. Previously he served on the boards of DT Midstream, Inc. from 2021 to 2023 and Henry Ford Health System and as Vice Chair for the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. Qualifications, Skills and Expertise Mr. Lassiter has extensive executive experience in the U.S. healthcare system, including in governance, strategic planning, market expansion, mergers and acquisitions, performance improvement and corporate turnaround. Timothy L. Main Non-Executive Chairman WNS (Holdings) Limited Age: 68 Director since: 2014 Mr. Main has been the Non-Executive Chairman of WNS (Holdings) Limited since September 2021. From 2000 until 2013 he was the Chief Executive Officer, and from 2013 until 2021 the non-executive Chairman of the Board, of Jabil, Inc., an electronic product solutions company providing comprehensive electronics design, manufacturing and management services to global electronics and technology companies. As Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Main led Jabil s growth strategy, increasing annual revenues nearly five-fold to reach $17 billion in 2012, and expanding in Asia and other emerging markets. Qualifications, Skills and Expertise Mr. Main has extensive executive experience, including in capital markets, technology, operations, corporate governance, strategic planning and general management in a complex global industry. Mr. Main also has experience with cybersecurity and technology matters. 2026 Proxy Statement 4 Denise M. Morrison Founder, Denise Morrison Associates, LLC Retired President and Chief Executive Officer Campbell Soup Company Age: 72 Director since: 2019 Ms. Morrison is the founder of Denise Morrison Associates, LLC, a consulting firm. She retired in 2018 as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Campbell Soup Company. Ms. Morrison joined Campbell in 2003, where she held positions of increasing responsibility. Prior to joining Campbell, she held executive management positions at Kraft Foods, Inc. from 2001 to 2003. Ms. Morrison is a director of MetLife, Inc. and Visa, Inc. and served as a director of Campbell Soup Company from 2010 to 2018 and a director of The Goodyear Tire Rubber Company from 2005 to 2010. She is a Trustee Associate for Boston College, Enterprise Executive Sponsorship Council for Bank of America and the Advisory Council for Just Capital. Ms. Morrison previously served on the Advisory Board for Tufts Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy; the New Jersey Restart and Recovery Commission; President Trump s Manufacturing Jobs Initiative; and President Obama s Export Council. Qualifications, Skills and Expertise Ms. Morrison has extensive executive experience, including in consumer focus, corporate governance, general management and strategic planning, operations and marketing, with multinational corporations operating in consumer-focused, regulated industries. Ms. Morrison also has experience with cybersecurity and technology matters. Gary M. Pfeiffer Retired Senior Vice President and CFO E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company Age: 76 Director since: 2004 Mr. Pfeiffer retired in 2006 as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company. He joined DuPont in 1974, where he held positions of increasing responsibility in finance and international operations, as well as in various DuPont divisions. Mr. Pfeiffer served as Secretary of Finance for the state of Delaware from January through June 2009. Mr. Pfeiffer served as a director of Internap Corporation from 2007 to 2020, TerraVia Holdings, Inc. from 2014 to 2017 and Talbots, Inc. from 2005 to 2012. He served as the non-executive Chair of the Board of Directors of Christiana Care Health System, a regional hospital system located in Delaware, from 2012 to 2016. Qualifications, Skills and Expertise Mr. Pfeiffer has extensive executive experience, including in capital markets, corporate finance, accounting, international operations, general management, and strategic planning, with a multinational corporation operating in complex industries. Mr. Pfeiffer also has experience with cybersecurity and technology matters. 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Timothy M. Ring Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer C. R. Bard, Inc. Age: 68 Director since: 2011 Mr. Ring is our Lead Independent Director. He retired in 2017 as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of C. R. Bard, Inc., positions in which he had served since 2003. Mr. Ring is a director of Becton, Dickinson and Company, and was director of C. R. Bard, Inc. from 2003 to 2017 and of CIT Group Inc. from 2005 to 2009. He is a co-founder of TeamFund, Inc., an impact fund and non-profit focused on delivering medical technology to Sub-Saharan Africa and India. Qualifications, Skills and Expertise Mr. Ring has extensive executive experience, including in corporate governance, strategic planning and international operations, with a multinational corporation operating in the healthcare industry. Mr. Ring also has experience with cybersecurity and technology matters. Timothy C. Wentworth Retired Chief Executive Officer, Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. Age: 65 Director since: 2026 Mr. Wentworth retired as Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. in 2025 where he served since 2023. Prior to joining Walgreens Boots Alliance, he was the Chief Executive Officer of Evernorth Health Services from 2020 to 2021, the health services segment of The Cigna Group, where he oversaw pharmacy benefit management, specialty pharmacy and healthcare delivery operations. Mr. Wentworth previously served in various leadership positions at Cigna Corporation, including President, Express Scripts and Health Services from 2018 to 2020. Prior to its acquisition by Cigna in 2018, Mr. Wentworth served in various leadership positions at Express Scripts, Inc. including as President and Chief Executive Officer from 2016 to 2018. Before joining Express Scripts in 2012, Mr. Wentworth served in leadership positions at Mary Kay, Inc. and PepsiCo, Inc. Qualifications, Skills and Expertise Mr. Wentworth has extensive expertise in healthcare, including with health plans and in the pharmacy space, and with consumers, as well as supply chain, information technology and human resources. He has extensive executive experience in operations, general management and strategic planning with large, complex organizations operating in the healthcare industry. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR EACH NOMINEE. PROXIES SOLICITED BY THE BOARD THAT HAVE BEEN SIGNED AND RETURNED WILL BE VOTED FOR EACH NOMINEE UNLESS OTHERWISE INSTRUCTED. 2026 Proxy Statement 6 Governance Practices The Board believes that good corporate governance, designed to protect and enhance stockholder value, is important. The Company has strong corporate governance structures, processes, policies and practices. We engage with our stockholders and listen to their concerns. Our Board benefits from knowledgeable independent directors. The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines to enhance its own effectiveness and to demonstrate its commitment to strong corporate governance for the Company. The Board reviews these Guidelines no less frequently than annually, including in response to changing regulatory requirements, evolving practices and the concerns of our stockholders. The Company also has adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to all directors, officers and employees. The Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Ethics are published on our website at www.QuestDiagnostics.com. The information on or accessible through our website is not incorporated by reference in this proxy statement. Corporate Governance Highlights Board Practice Commitment to board refreshment eleven new directors since 2014, including with significant CEO experience 10 of 11 director nominees are independent (Mr. Davis, our Chairman, CEO and President, is our only non-independent director) Cybersecurity Committee of the Board since 2019 Annual election of entire board Majority voting standard for director elections Annual assessment of Board and Committee structure and performance Lead Independent Director with clearly defined role and robust responsibilities Regular executive sessions for independent directors only, presided over by Lead Independent Director Independent directors receive a majority of their annual compensation in equity to further align their interests with our stockholders interests Committee assignments are regularly reviewed for optimization Annual reviews of succession planning and development of management personnel Stockholder Matters Proxy access right for stockholders Right to request that the Company call a special meeting of stockholders Right to act by written consent No poison pill stockholders rights plan No supermajority voting requirements Annual say-on-pay vote Active stockholder engagement Procedural Best Practices Committees report on their activities to the Board at each Board meeting Director education programs conducted by third parties provided for our directors Public disclosure of corporate political contributions policy and information regarding corporate political expenditures Board materials provided to directors in advance of meetings to allow preparation for discussion of items Board portal enhances the Board s efficiency, access to information, security and communication Independent directors have full and unrestricted access to officers and employees of the Company Board and committees have access to and the authority to retain independent legal, financial or other advisors 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Corporate Responsibility The Company and the Board take seriously the responsibility of corporate stewardship, which includes creating a healthier world and building value for all stakeholders. The Company has a deep commitment to its patients, employees, communities and the environment. The Company aims to do business in an environmentally sustainable, socially responsible manner and make a difference in the communities in which it operates. We maintain a Corporate Responsibility webpage, www.QuestDiagnostics.com/our-company/corporate-responsibility, that provides information about our corporate responsibility program, including our focus on community giving, governance and sustainability. The information on or accessible through our website is not incorporated by reference in this proxy statement. Corporate Responsibility Highlights Information Available on Our Corporate Responsibility Webpage www.QuestDiagnostics.com/our-company/corporate-responsibility Corporate Responsibility Reports Quest Diagnostics Foundation Information about our corporate political contributions Sustainability Community giving Corporate responsibility resources Governance, ethics, and values Creating a Healthier World, Building Value for Stakeholders, and Creating an Inspiring Workplace Approximately 70% of employees globally are women Initiatives to conserve resources and minimize the negative impact of our operations and facilities on the environment through pollution prevention, energy efficiency, fleet conservation, and strategic sourcing Environment, Health and Safety program reduces risk of employee and patient injury Patient Assistance Program tailors solutions for uninsured or underinsured patients based on individual circumstances Action with Integrity Code of Ethics reflects the Company s commitment to operate as a trustworthy, transparent and ethical organization Collaborations with nonprofit organizations improve access to care through donated services, charitable giving, and thought leadership We and the Quest Diagnostics Foundation launched a $100 million-plus initiative in 2020 to help reduce health disparities in underserved American communities Employee volunteer program Quest Community Action Network, with chapters across the country, has helped raise awareness and funds for worthwhile causes Support employee service with the Company s Matching Gifts programs, which provide funds to hundreds of nonprofit organizations that share the Company s commitment to empowering better health and fostering belonging, and the Employee Relief Fund, which was created to help charitable class member employees who are in need of immediate financial assistance following an unforeseen disaster or personal hardship Named as one of Fortune s World s Most Admired Companies in 2026 for the twelfth consecutive year Director Independence The Board assesses the independence of each director annually, and of each director nominee, in accordance with the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines and New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) listing standards. The independence guidelines in the Corporate Governance Guidelines are consistent with the independence requirements in the NYSE listing standards and include guidelines as to categories of relationships that are considered not material for purposes of director independence. All members of the Audit and Finance Committee, the Governance Committee, and the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee must be independent under NYSE listing standards and the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines. Pursuant to the charters of the Audit and Finance Committee and the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee, respectively, members of these committees also must satisfy separate independence standards based on requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and NYSE, respectively. 2026 Proxy Statement 8 The Board has determined that a substantial majority (10 of 11) of our director nominees are independent. Each member, including the chair, of each of the Audit and Finance Committee, the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee, the Governance Committee, the Cybersecurity Committee and the Quality and Compliance Committee qualify as independent, including under the committee-specific independence requirements discussed above. In making its determinations as to the independence of the directors, the Board reviewed relationships between the Company and each of the directors. The Board considered the ordinary course commercial relationships in the last three years between the Company and the entity of which Mr. Lassiter is an executive officer and determined that these relationships did not exceed the thresholds under the NYSE listing standards and did not otherwise impair Mr. Lassiter s independence. The Board has determined the following director nominees to be independent: Robert B. Carter Timothy L. Main Luis A. Diaz, Jr., M.D. Denise M. Morrison Tracey C. Doi Gary M. Pfeiffer Vicky B. Gregg Timothy M. Ring Wright L. Lassiter III Timothy Wentworth Mr. Davis, who is the Company s Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, is not independent. Stockholder Access and Outreach Stockholders and any other person may communicate with the Board by sending comments to our Lead Independent Director through the web form available at www.questdiagnostics.com/contact-us/lead-independent-director, or by writing to the full Board or any individual director or any group or committee of directors, c/o Corporate Secretary, 500 Plaza Drive, Secaucus, New Jersey 07094. Communications received are reviewed by the Corporate Secretary and handled in accordance with protocols approved by the Governance Committee and forwarded to the intended directors as appropriate. We have a program of ongoing dialogue with our investors and regularly reach out to large stockholders to listen to their concerns and to inform them about the Company. Our Board receives reports regarding these discussions. Over the past year, we reached out to stockholders holding approximately three-quarters of the Company s outstanding common stock, and held discussions with those that accepted our invitation and others that reached out to us. These discussions addressed topics such as corporate governance, executive pay, company strategy, human capital and the Company s corporate responsibility program. During these discussions, the Company had constructive dialogue with investors regarding its sustainability program and investors generally shared positive feedback regarding the Company s structuring of and overall approach to corporate governance and executive pay, as well as the other topics discussed. Further, our Corporate Governance Guidelines publicly affirm the Board s long-standing approach of being available for discussions with stockholders in appropriate circumstances. The Audit and Finance Committee maintains a procedure whereby complaints and concerns with respect to accounting, internal controls and audit matters may be submitted to the Audit and Finance Committee. All communications received by a director relating to the Company s accounting, internal controls or audit matters are immediately forwarded to the Chair of the Audit and Finance Committee and are investigated and responded to in accordance with the procedures established by the Audit and Finance Committee. In addition, the Company has established a hotline (known as CHEQline) pursuant to which employees can anonymously report accounting, internal controls, and financial irregularities (as well as compliance concerns on other laws, and other issues). Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that directors are encouraged and expected to attend the Annual Meeting. All our directors then in office attended the 2025 annual stockholders meeting. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Board Nomination Process The Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing with the Board, on an annual basis, the composition of the Board as a whole and whether the Company is being well served by the directors, taking into account each director s independence, skills, experience, tenure, availability for service to the Company and other factors the Governance Committee deems appropriate. The Governance Committee is responsible for recommending director nominees to the Board, including re-nomination of current directors. The Governance Committee does not set specific, minimum qualifications that nominees must meet in order for the Governance Committee to recommend them to the Board, but rather believes that each nominee should be evaluated based on his or her own merits, taking into account the Company s needs, Board succession planning considerations, and the overall composition of the Board, which includes an analysis of current directors skills and experience. Recommendations are made by the Governance Committee in accordance with the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, which set forth the Company s philosophy regarding Board composition and identify key qualifications for directors and other considerations. The Governance Committee believes that the Board should be comprised of individuals whose backgrounds and experience complement those of other Board members, and considers whether a prospective nominee promotes a broad range of talent, skill, expertise, and experience. The Governance Committee does not assign specific weights to particular criteria, and nominees are not required to possess any particular attribute. The key qualifications and other considerations for directors set forth in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines are set forth below. Key Qualifications and Other Considerations for Directors Reputation for highest ethical standards and integrity consistent with Quest Diagnostics values of Quality, Integrity, Innovation, Accountability, Collaboration and Leadership Independence Prior experience as a director or executive officer of a public company Number of current board positions and other time commitments Overall range of skills, experience and seniority represented by the Board as a whole Relevant experience such as: o Chief Executive Officer or Chief Operating Officer (or similar responsibilities), current or past o Demonstrated expertise in business function(s) such as sales, operations, finance, strategy, legal or human resources o Medical practitioner and/or science and health thought leader 2026 Proxy Statement 10 In recruiting and selecting a Board candidate, as a supplement to the key qualifications and other considerations for director candidates outlined in the Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Governance Committee considers other important skills and professional experiences to determine whether a candidate has skills and experience well-suited for the expected needs of the Board, including whether their skills and experience complement those of the other Board members or nominees. The Governance Committee regularly reviews the Board s composition to ensure that we continue to have the right mix of talent, skill, tenure, expertise, and experience reflected on the Board. Our Board s membership represents a balanced approach to director tenure, allowing the Board to benefit from the experience of longer-serving directors as well as the fresh perspectives of newer directors. The table below includes, for each director nominee, an illustrative, non-exhaustive listing of supplemental skills and experiences that the Board considered most relevant when nominating that nominee. Although a check mark indicates that the Board relied upon the specific skill or experience in making its decision, the absence of a check mark does not mean the nominee does not possess the specific skill or experience. The biographies beginning on page 1 provide more information on each nominee s skills and experience. The table also provides self-identified demographic and tenure information regarding each nominee. Carter Davis Diaz Doi Gregg Lassiter Main Morrison Pfeiffer Ring Wentworth Skills and Experience Accounting/Finance Advisory Capital Markets Consumer Focus Corporate Governance Cybersecurity/Technology Executive Management Healthcare International Operations Medical/Science Strategic Planning Demographics Race/Ethnicity African American Asian/Pacific Islander Hispanic/Latino White/Caucasian Gender Male Female Board Tenure Years 2 4 3 5 12 6 12 7 22 14 1 2026 Proxy Statement 11 The Board assesses the effectiveness of its process for nominating new director candidates each time a new director is nominated to join the Board. Process for Nominating New Candidates for Director Board identifies the need to add a new Board member Governance Committee identifies, assesses, and ranks candidates Seeks input from Board members Considers recommendations submitted by other sources, including stockholders Considers retaining third-party search firms to assist in identifying and evaluating candidates for nomination Interview of candidates by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Lead Independent Director Other Board members Members of senior management may also interview candidates Governance Committee reassesses the candidates and makes recommendation to the Board Board determines whether candidate is elected to the Board or is nominated for election by stockholders The Governance Committee considers suggestions from many sources, including stockholders, regarding possible candidates for director. Stockholders may recommend candidates for consideration as director by sending comments to our Lead Independent Director through the web form available at www.questdiagnostics.com/contact-us/lead-independent-director or writing to the full Board or any independent Board member, c/o Corporate Secretary, 500 Plaza Drive, Secaucus, New Jersey 07094. The recommendation should contain the proposed nominee s name, biographical information and relationship to the stockholder. The Governance Committee evaluates stockholder recommendations for director candidates in the same manner as other director candidate recommendations. Stockholders may also nominate director candidates. See Frequently Asked Questions beginning on page 72 for information regarding the process and deadline for stockholders to submit director nominations for the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders. Board Committees During 2025, the Board held nine meetings. In order to fulfil its responsibilities, the Board has delegated certain authority and responsibilities to each of its six standing committees, which are outlined below for each committee. As discussed under the heading Board, Committee and CEO Evaluation Process beginning on page 18, each committee reviews its own performance. In 2025, each nominee attended at least 75% of the meetings of the 2026 Proxy Statement 12 Board and the Board committees on which he or she served held during the period such nominee was in office. Any director may attend meetings of any committee of which the director is not a member. For each year, a schedule of Board meetings is established before the year begins. Committee meetings are generally scheduled for shortly before, or the day of, meetings of the full Board, except that meetings of the Executive Committee are scheduled only when needed. The Board and each committee also hold such additional meetings as the Board or committee, respectively, determines necessary or appropriate. Set forth below is a brief description of each standing committee and its function, its membership and the number of meetings it held during 2025. Additional information about the committees can be found in their charters, which are available on our website at www.QuestDiagnostics.com. Audit and Finance Committee Number of 2025 Meetings: 9 Gary M. Pfeiffer (Chair) Robert B. Carter Tracey C. Doi Wright L. Lassiter, III Timothy L. Main This committee: Monitors the quality and integrity of the Company s financial statements and related disclosures, including the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Has direct responsibility for the appointment of the independent registered public accounting firm, as well as monitoring its qualifications, independence and performance, approving its compensation and pre-approving the services it performs. Oversees the Company s compliance with securities and accounting laws and regulations. Oversees the internal audit function and review the audits performed internally and by the independent registered public accounting firm. Has primary oversight responsibility for the Company s enterprise risk management program. Reviews with the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, and informs the Board of, any significant accounting and audit matters, including critical accounting policies and judgments. Advises and makes recommendations with regard to certain financing transactions and other significant financial policies and actions. Reviews the Company s insurance programs, including regarding cybersecurity. Establishes procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints relating to accounting and internal accounting controls, and for the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding accounting or audit matters (and other issues). Reviews and reports to the Board on the Company s management of its financial resources. The Board has determined that each of Ms. Doi and Mr. Pfeiffer qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined by the SEC. For a description of the experience of Ms. Doi and Mr. Pfeiffer, see Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors beginning on page 1. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Compensation and Leadership Development Committee Number of 2025 Meetings: 6 Denise M. Morrison (Chair) Vicky B. Gregg Gary M. Pfeiffer Timothy M. Ring Timothy Wentworth This committee: In consultation with senior management of the Company, establishes the Company s executive compensation philosophy. Reports to the Board with respect to, and reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives relevant to, the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer, evaluates the performance of the Company s Chief Executive Officer in light of those goals and objectives, and has the sole authority to determine and approve the compensation level of the Chief Executive Officer based on this evaluation. Reports to the Board with respect to, and reviews, approves and oversees the implementation of, the total compensation package for the Company s other executive leadership team members, including base salaries, annual incentives and equity-based compensation, perquisites, employment agreements, severance benefits and other special benefits. Reviews the results of the Chief Executive Officer s evaluation of the performance of other executive leadership team members. Reviews and approves the aggregate annual payouts under the Company s management incentive plans and similar annual bonus programs that the Company establishes for or makes available to its employees. Selects peer groups of companies for purposes of determining competitive compensation packages for executive leadership team members. Annually reviews the compensation arrangements for the Company s executive leadership team members to assess whether the arrangements encourage risk taking that is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. Reviews and, if appropriate, approves or recommends to the Board that it approve compensation related proposals to be voted upon by stockholders. Considers the results of stockholder advisory votes on executive compensation matters and determines actions, if any, that may be warranted as result of any such vote. Reviews and recommends to the Board the compensation of the Company s non-employee directors, including as to equity-based compensation. Reviews periodically and makes recommendations to the Board regarding any long-term incentive compensation or equity-based plans, programs or similar arrangements that the Company establishes for, and makes available to, its employees and consultants. Approves and recommends to the Board any material change to any existing equity-based compensation plan as may be required under NYSE listing standards. Performs other duties or responsibilities as expressly delegated to the committee by the Board or that are expressly allocated to the committee under any of the Company s employee benefit plans. Supports the Board in the Board s succession planning for the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Oversees talent management, leadership development and succession planning for senior management other than the Chief Executive Officer, including other executive leadership team members. 2026 Proxy Statement 14 Provides oversight and exercises the responsibility it has under the Company s incentive compensation recoupment policy. Determines the Company s stock ownership guidelines and oversees adherence to them. Oversees disclosure of all compensation matters as required by SEC and NYSE rules. Reviews and discusses the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management and, based on such review and discussion, determines whether to recommend to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in the Company s annual report or proxy statement. For more information regarding the Company s processes and procedures for executive compensation, including regarding the role of executive officers and compensation consultants in connection with determining or recommending executive and director compensation, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 25. Cybersecurity Committee Number of 2025 Meetings: 5 Timothy L. Main (Chair) Robert B. Carter Luis A. Diaz, Jr. Denise M. Morrison This committee: Oversees the Company s cybersecurity policies, plans, programs and practices and risks related to cybersecurity and data security. Reviews the Company s management of risks and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and industry standards related to its information technology security systems and processes, and coordinates with the Audit and Finance Committee regarding the same. Executive Committee Number of 2025 Meetings: 0 Timothy M. Ring (Chair) James E. Davis Gary M. Pfeiffer This committee: May act for the Board, except with respect to certain major corporate matters such as mergers, the appointment of directors to fill vacancies, the removal of the Chief Executive Officer, amendment of the Company s certificate of incorporation or by-laws, declaration of dividends and matters delegated to other Board committees. 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Governance Committee Number of 2025 Meetings: 4 Timothy M. Ring (Chair) Vicky B. Gregg Timothy L. Main Denise M. Morrison Gary M. Pfeiffer This committee: Identifies individuals qualified to become Board members, and reviews and recommends possible candidates for Board membership. Reviews the structure of the Board, its committee structure and overall size. Monitors developments in corporate governance. Assists the Board in the oversight of corporate responsibility matters, including reviewing the Company s overall corporate responsibility priorities, goals and strategies. Reviews policies, programs and reports pertaining to environmental sustainability matters. Reviews the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines annually and recommends to the Board such changes to the Guidelines, if any, as the committee may determine. Recommends to the Board assignments of directors to Board committees. Reviews relationships and transactions of directors, executive officers and senior financial officers for possible conflicts of interest. Reviews and approves transactions or proposed transactions in which a related person is likely to have a direct or indirect material interest pursuant to the Company s Statement of Policy and Procedures for the Review and Approval of Related Person Transactions. Oversees the Board and each Board committee in their annual self- evaluation. Oversees the Company s engagement efforts with stockholders and other key stakeholders. Quality and Compliance Committee Number of 2025 Meetings: 5 Vicky B. Gregg (Chair) Luis A. Diaz, Jr. Tracey C. Doi Wright L. Lassiter, III Timothy Wentworth This committee: Reviews the adequacy and implementation status of the Company s compliance program, including regarding billing compliance, fraud and abuse and privacy. Reviews the Company s policies, programs and performance relating to medical quality assurance. Reviews the responsibilities, plans, results, budget, staffing and performance of the Company s Compliance Department, including its independence, authority and reporting obligations, the proposed audit plans and the summary of findings from compliance audits. Reviews the Company s policies, programs and performance relating to government affairs and corporate political contributions. Reviews and concurs in the appointment, replacement, reassignment or dismissal of the Senior Vice President, Chief Compliance Officer and reviews any reports from that officer. Reviews the significant reports to management or summaries thereof regarding the Company s compliance policies, practices, procedures and programs and management s responses thereto. 2026 Proxy Statement 16 Monitors significant external and internal investigations of the Company s business as they relate to possible violations of law by the Company or its directors, officers, employees or agents and concerns and complaints regarding medical quality. Monitors material legal matters and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and coordinates with the Audit and Finance Committee regarding the same. Board Leadership Structure At Quest Diagnostics, we recognize the importance of good corporate governance and value the leadership and input of the independent members of our Board. The Board believes that its leadership structure should be determined by what is in the best interest of the Company. The Board does not have a policy that requires the combination or separation of the Chair and Chief Executive Officer roles. The Board has revised its leadership structure from time to time and retains the flexibility to revise its leadership structure if, in the exercise of its fiduciary duties, the Board believes that such revision is appropriate. Currently, the roles of Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer are combined with James E. Davis. The Board believes that Mr. Davis long tenure with the Company in multiple roles and his extensive industry experience make him well-suited to facilitate the Board s oversight of our operations, strategy and risk. In accordance with the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, when the Board Chair is not an independent director, the independent directors designate a Lead Independent Director, who has a robust set of responsibilities set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and described below under the heading Principal Responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director, and who assists with the administration and organization of the Board and facilitates the effective performance of its duties, including the activities of the independent directors. The independent directors have selected Timothy M. Ring to serve as Lead Independent Director. Principal Responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director Participates with the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer in the preparation of the agendas for Board meetings, and has the authority to call meetings of the independent directors Serves as a member of the Board s Executive Committee Coordinates providing timely feedback from the directors to the Chairman of the Board Presides over all executive sessions of the independent directors and all Board meetings in the absence of the Chairman of the Board Takes a leading role in the process of evaluating the Board, and leads the independent directors in the annual evaluation of the performance of the Chief Executive Officer and President Interviews candidates for the Board Serves as the principal contact for stockholder communications with the independent directors Monitors, and, if appropriate, discusses with the other independent directors, communications received from stockholders and others We also have other mechanisms in place to promote the appropriate level of independence and oversight in Board decisions. See Corporate Governance Highlights on page 7. Board Oversight of Company Culture and Human Capital The Board is committed to fostering a strong culture of compliance and ethical conduct and has structured its committees and their activities to support its commitment. The Board supports management s promotion of a corporate culture of integrity, ethical behavior and compliance with laws and regulations and efforts to ensure that the Company s culture and its strategy are aligned. The Board expects all directors, as well as officers and employees, to conduct themselves in a manner consistent with our Code of Ethics and our values. The Board believes that a strong culture of integrity, ethics and compliance is fundamental to the conduct of the Company s business, and is necessary for effective risk management, maintaining investor trust, and successful corporate governance. 2026 Proxy Statement 17 We have long strived to create an inspiring workplace, and this has driven our approach to human capital management. Effectively managing our human capital resources is a priority with key components that include culture, safety and well-being programs, employee engagement, and development and succession planning. Our Board actively engages in oversight of our human capital management, including by receiving management reports on key areas, strategies and initiatives. Additional information about our human capital management strategies and initiatives is available in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our latest Corporate Responsibility Report, each of which is available on our website at www.QuestDiagnostics.com. Board, Committee and CEO Evaluation Process The Board annually conducts a self-evaluation of its performance and effectiveness. The charter of each standing committee of the Board, discussed under the heading Board Committees beginning on page 12, calls for the committee to conduct an annual self-evaluation of its performance, and report to the Board the results of the self-evaluation. The Governance Committee is tasked with establishing criteria and processes for and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the Board and the committees. Each year, the Governance Committee discusses the appropriate approach for that year s Board and committee evaluations. Prior to the meeting at which each annual self-evaluation occurs, each member of the Board and the committees receive a discussion outline, which encourages the directors to consider the Board s or committee s structure, processes, overall effectiveness, and improvement since the previous year s assessment. In addition, our General Counsel discusses individually with each director, and with members of our senior management, the self-evaluation items and compiles feedback received for discussion with the Lead Independent Director and the full Board. At the meeting, the Lead Independent Director or the committee chair, as applicable, leads a discussion guided by the outline provided, and the Board or committee, as applicable, identifies action items as well as items for further review. Periodically, the Board engages an independent consultant to assist with the evaluation, including evaluating individual director performance. When the Board evaluates individual director performance, input from other directors and senior management is considered in a process that protects anonymity to ensure honest feedback. In these situations, the independent consultant and the Lead Independent Director together review the results of the individual director evaluations with the individual directors. The Lead Independent Director reviews the remaining items with the Board and assists the Board in identifying action items as well as items for further review. In addition, the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee, pursuant to its charter, conducts an annual review of the Chief Executive Officer s performance, receives input on the review from the Board, and reports the results of its review to the Board. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board, led by the Lead Independent Director, reviews the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee s report in order to ensure that the Chief Executive Officer is providing the necessary leadership for the Company in light of the Company s current and longer-term goals. The Board then provides feedback to the Chief Executive Officer regarding his performance. Board Role in Risk Oversight The Board and its committees play an active role in overseeing the Company s key risks. As highlighted in the table below, the Board has delegated primary responsibility for overseeing our enterprise risk management program to the Audit and Finance Committee, and has assigned oversight of specific risks to the Board committee with the appropriate subject matter responsibility, as set forth in the committee charters. The Board has also considered its role in risk oversight in determining the current Board leadership structure. The Company s management is responsible for risk management, which it does through a committee of senior managers that leads the Company s enterprise risk management program. This program includes a formal continuous process that identifies, assesses, mitigates and manages the risks from both internal and external conditions that could significantly impact the Company and influence its business strategy and performance. The program is designed to focus on the Company s key risk types, which are: operational, financial, legal and compliance, and strategic. As part of our program, the Board and its committees receive updates and training from internal and external experts on topics that are relevant to overall risk management. The Company s enterprise risk management program, including cybersecurity risk management and strategy, is discussed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 2026 Proxy Statement 18 Roles of the Board and its Committees in Risk Oversight Board of Directors Cybersecurity Committee Annually reviews our enterprise risk management program. Receives regular updates from management and the Board s committees regarding their activities with respect to the program. Reviews risks and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and industry standards related to our IT security systems and processes, including network security and data protection. Reviews adequacy and effectiveness of our cybersecurity program and regularly receives reports from management on cybersecurity matters. Audit and Finance Committee Governance Committee Has been delegated primary responsibility for overseeing our enterprise risk management program by the Board. Receives regular updates from management regarding our enterprise risk management program, including with respect to business continuity. Regularly oversees compliance with securities and accounting rules and regulations. Reviews policies, programs and reports related to environmental sustainability matters. Reviews the Company s overall corporate responsibility program, including priorities, goals and strategies. Receives regular reports from management regarding these topics. Compensation and Leadership Development Committee Quality and Compliance Committee Annually reviews compensation arrangements for members of our executive leadership team (including the Chief Executive Officer) and non-employee directors. Assesses whether such compensation arrangements encourage risk taking that is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. Reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of our medical quality program. Reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of policies and programs to ensure compliance with laws and regulations applicable to our business (other than with respect to securities and accounting). Oversees and receives regular updates on data privacy. Receives regular reports from management regarding these topics. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Related Person Transactions The Company has a written policy pursuant to which it evaluates proposed transactions involving a related person and the Company in which the amount involved exceeds $120,000. A related person is any director or executive officer of the Company, any immediate family member of a director or executive officer, or any person who owns 5% or more of the Company s outstanding common stock. The office of the General Counsel is primarily responsible for the administration of the policy and for determining, based on the facts and circumstances, whether the Company or a related person has a direct or indirect material interest in the transaction. Certain transactions are defined not to be related person transactions under the policy. The Governance Committee reviews any proposed transaction in which a related person has a direct or indirect material interest, except for any compensation arrangements involving an immediate family member of a director or an executive officer, which are reviewed by the Chief Executive Officer and the Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer, as described below. In the event that the General Counsel becomes aware of a related person transaction not approved in advance, the General Counsel will arrange for the related person transaction to be reviewed at the next regularly scheduled meeting of the Governance Committee. Any member of the Governance Committee who is a related person with respect to a transaction under review may not participate in any review, consideration or approval of the transaction. In considering any related person transaction, the Governance Committee determines whether the transaction is fair to the Company. In considering a proposed transaction involving a director or the immediate family member of a director, the Governance Committee also assesses whether the proposed transaction could reasonably be expected to impact the independence of the director under the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the NYSE listing standards or other applicable rules. Compensation arrangements involving an immediate family member of an executive officer are reviewed and approved by the Chief Executive Officer and the Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer, unless such person is an immediate family member of the Chief Executive Officer, in which case the compensation arrangement is approved by the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee. Compensation arrangements involving an immediate family member of a director are reviewed and approved by the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee. During 2025, there were no related person transactions meeting the requirements for disclosure in this proxy statement. Policies Regarding Insider Trading, Window Periods and Hedging and Pledging our Common Stock The purchase, sale and other transactions in any of our securities by our directors, officers and employees, certain other related persons and by Quest Diagnostics are subject to an insider trading policy , which among other things, generally limits the purchase or sale of the Company s securities by our directors and executive officers, as well as certain other employees, to permitted window periods (generally beginning on the business day following the issuance of our quarterly earnings releases and continuing until the end of the second month of the fiscal quarter). The insider trading policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and applicable NYSE listing standards. A copy of the Company s insider trading policy is incorporated by reference in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2025 as Exhibit 19.1. Our directors and executive officers are prohibited from pledging the Company s common stock to secure a loan and from holding such stock in a margin account. Our directors and employees, including executive officers, are prohibited from entering into transactions or purchasing financial instruments that are expected to hedge or offset, or designed to hedge or offset, a decline in our common stock price, including, but not limited to, the use of financial derivatives (including, for example, prepaid forward contracts, equity swaps, collars, puts and calls or exchange funds). Our directors and employees, including executive officers, also are prohibited from entering into transactions (including, for example, short sales) that establish downside price protection for our common stock. 2026 Proxy Statement 20 2025 Director Compensation Table Director Compensation Program for 2025. The following table sets forth the 2025 compensation of our non-employee directors then in office. No changes to our director compensation program were made in 2025. Mr. Davis, who served as an employee director during 2025, received no additional compensation in 2025 for serving as director. None of our non-employee directors receives any consulting or other non-director fees from the Company. Director Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1)(2) Total ($) Robert B. Carter 115,000 209,917 324,917 Luis A. Diaz, Jr. 115,000 209,917 324,917 Tracey C. Doi 115,000 209,917 324,917 Vicky B. Gregg 135,000 209,917 344,917 Wright L. Lassiter III 115,000 209,917 324,917 Timothy L. Main 130,000 209,917 339,917 Denise M. Morrison 135,000 209,917 344,917 Gary M. Pfeiffer 140,000 209,917 349,917 Timothy M. Ring 170,000 209,917 379,917 (1) Represents the aggregate grant date fair values of the awards. Each of our non-employee directors then in office received a single award of 1,203 RSUs. RSUs reported in this column were valued based on the average of the high and low prices of our common stock on the grant date. As of December 31, 2025, each non-employee director in office during 2025 held the number of RSUs set forth beside his or her name below. Mr. Carter 1,203 Mr. Main 1,660 Dr. Diaz 1,660 Ms. Morrison 4,169 Ms. Doi 6,549 Mr. Pfeiffer 29,441 Ms. Gregg 1,660 Mr. Ring 29,856 Mr. Lassiter 7,624 (2) No stock options were awarded to our non-employee directors during 2025. As of the date hereof, no non-employee directors in office held any stock options. Annual Cash Retainer Fees. In 2025, our non-employee directors received an annual cash retainer fee. In addition, directors who served as Lead Independent Director and committee chairs each received an additional fee for such service. All such cash retainer fees were paid at annual rates as set forth in the table below. Members Chair Board of Directors $115,000, payable in quarterly installments of $28,750 $40,000 (Lead Independent Director) Audit and Finance Committee N/A $25,000 Compensation and Leadership Development Committee N/A $20,000 Governance Committee N/A $15,000 Quality and Compliance Committee N/A $20,000 Executive Committee N/A N/A Cybersecurity Committee N/A $15,000 Equity Awards. Each non-employee director participates in the Company s Long-Term Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the Director Plan ). The Director Plan currently authorizes the grant to each non-employee director, on the date of the annual stockholders meeting, of stock options and stock awards covering shares of common stock having an aggregate value on the date of grant not exceeding $500,000. If a person is appointed or elected as a director other than on the date of the annual stockholders meeting, the Board may grant to such director a prorated equity award, in such proportions as the Board may determine. Beginning with awards granted in 2024, annual option grants become exercisable, and annual RSUs generally vest and convert to shares of our common stock, fully on the first anniversary of the grant date, regardless of whether the non-employee director remains a director. The Director Plan also permits the Board to grant to any non-employee director an equity award for any special service as a director ( e.g ., service on a special purpose committee). Special service equity awards shall not exceed the grant date value of the annual equity award granted to each non-employee director at the most recent annual meeting of stockholders. The exercise price of all stock options issued under the Director Plan is the fair market value of our common stock on the grant date. Options, once vested, will be exercisable through the tenth anniversary of the date of grant even if the director s service on the Board terminates. 2026 Proxy Statement 21 For 2025, the Board fixed the value of the annual equity award to non-employee directors at $210,000 and determined that the award would be delivered entirely in the form of RSUs. The 2025 award was granted effective May 15, 2025, with each non-employee director then in service receiving an award of 1,203 RSUs. A non-employee director may elect to receive annual retainer fees in stock awards in lieu of cash. The number of shares issued in lieu of cash for the retainer fees is based on the fair market value of the stock on the date that the cash payment would otherwise be made. Opportunity to Defer Compensation. Under the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, each non-employee director may elect to defer, until a date specified by the director or until the director s termination of service as a director, the director s cash compensation or any stock grants awarded pursuant to the Director Plan. If a director specifies a deferral date that is prior to the director s termination of service, the payout will occur or commence, as applicable, upon termination of service as a director. Cash amounts deferred may be indexed to (i) a cash account under which amounts deferred earn interest, compounded quarterly, at a rate in effect on the first date of each calendar quarter or (ii) the Company s common stock. Changes in Director Compensation Program for 2026. After considering the recommendation of the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee, which acted after receiving input from its independent compensation consultant, Semler Brossy, and after discussing various alternatives, the Board approved changes to the compensation structure for its members, effective January 1, 2026. The changes included an increase to the annual cash retainer fee to $125,000 and an increase to the annual equity award to $220,000. Stock Ownership Information We encourage our directors, officers, and employees to own our common stock, which aligns their interests with the interests of our stockholders. The Company maintains stock ownership and retention guidelines for its directors and executive officers, requiring Board members to own shares of our common stock equal in value to five times the annual Board member cash retainer amount. Until a director satisfies the minimum shareholding requirement, directors are required to maintain 75% of net shares received from vesting of RSUs and from the exercise of options. For purposes of determining whether a director has met the minimum shareholding requirements, we count shares subject to unvested RSUs, but not shares subject to stock options. The guidelines for our executive officers are discussed in Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 25. The following tables show the number of shares of the Company s common stock beneficially owned by (1) each person who is known to the Company to own beneficially more than 5% of the Company s common stock, (2) each director of the Company and each nominee, (3) each named executive officer, and (4) all directors, nominees and named executive officers as a group. Information in the table regarding the Company s directors, nominees and executive officers is provided as of March 6, 2026. Name Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Percentage of Class BlackRock, Inc. (1) 9,308,815 8.4 T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. (2) 7,209,622 6.5 (1) The business address of BlackRock, Inc. ( Blackrock ) is 50 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001. Blackrock has sole voting power with respect to 8,599,228 of these shares, sole dispositive power with respect to 9,308,815 of these shares, and no shared voting or dispositive power with respect to these shares. The ownership information is based on the information contained on a Schedule 13G/A filed by BlackRock with the SEC on April 17, 2025. (2) The business address of T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. ( T-Rowe ) is 1307 Point Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21231. T-Rowe has sole voting power with respect to 7,006,583 of these shares, sole dispositive power with respect to 7,194,697 of these shares, and no shared voting or dispositive power with respect to these shares. The ownership information is based on the information contained on a Schedule 13G/A filed by T-Rowe with the SEC on August 14, 2025. 2026 Proxy Statement 22 Name Shares (1) Shares Subject to Stock Options Exercisable within 60 days (2) Total (3) Shares Underlying RSUs (4) Named Executive Officers Currently Employed James E. Davis 107,050 382,447 489,497 35,374 Sam A. Samad 24,452 59,298 83,750 8,817 Catherine T. Doherty 64,940 69,834 134,774 6,683 Michael E. Prevoznik 38,739 74,740 113,479 4,556 Karthik Kuppusamy 10,928 29,867 40,795 4,529 Directors and Nominees Robert B. Carter 1,502 - 1,502 1,203 Luis A. Diaz, Jr. 2,394 - 2,394 1,660 Tracey C. Doi - - - 6,578 Vicky B. Gregg 15,445 - 15,445 1,660 Wright L. Lassiter III 1,502 - 1,502 7,851 Timothy L. Main 24,637 - 24,637 1,660 Denise M. Morrison 6,580 - 6,580 5,336 Gary M. Pfeiffer - - - 29,565 Timothy M. Ring - - - 46,449 All directors, nominees and executive officers currently employed as a group (16 persons) 317,522 658,087 975,609 169,360 (1) Each person has sole voting power and sole dispositive power. (2) Includes shares of common stock which are subject to options issued under the Amended and Restated Employee Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Employee Plan ) or the Director Plan, as applicable, that were exercisable as of, or would become exercisable within 60 days of, March 6, 2026. (3) Each named executive officer, director and nominee beneficially owned less than 1% of the shares of common stock outstanding. All directors, nominees and named executive officers as a group beneficially owned less than 1% of the shares of common stock outstanding. (4) Shares of common stock corresponding to RSUs reported in this column are not considered beneficially owned under SEC rules and are not included in the total column in this table. This column also includes phantom stock units held by directors under the Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 INFORMATION REGARDING EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Proposal No. 2 Advisory Resolution to Approve Executive Officer Compensation The Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR approval of our 2025 executive compensation. Section 14A of the Exchange Act entitles stockholders to vote to approve or not approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, our executive officer compensation as disclosed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and accompanying compensation tables and narrative. We are asking stockholders to approve the following resolution: RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to the Company s named executive officers, as disclosed in this proxy statement pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and related narrative disclosure, is hereby APPROVED. Pay for Performance . As discussed in Compensation Discussion and Analysis below, our executive compensation program is designed to pay for performance, to align the interests of our executive officers with the interests of our stockholders and to support the Company s long- and short-term business goals. Our program reflects many best practices, and our executive compensation structure and levels in 2025 clearly demonstrate our commitment to aligning pay and performance. Advisory Vote . This vote is advisory. We conduct an advisory vote to approve executive officer compensation annually; the next stockholder advisory vote to approve executive compensation will take place at the Company s 2027 annual meeting of stockholders. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather the overall compensation of our named executive officers and the executive compensation policies and practices described in this proxy statement. The Board and the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee value the opinions of the Company s stockholders and will take into account the outcome of the vote, in conjunction with such other factors as the Board and the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee consider appropriate, in connection with the Company s executive compensation program. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THIS PROPOSAL. PROXIES SOLICITED BY THE BOARD THAT HAVE BEEN SIGNED AND RETURNED WILL BE VOTED FOR THIS PROPOSAL UNLESS OTHERWISE INSTRUCTED. 2026 Proxy Statement 24 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Executive Summary Introduction This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes our fiscal year 2025 executive compensation programs and the compensation awarded to our named executive officers. The Compensation and Leadership Development Committee (the Committee ) determined 2025 compensation for the Company s named executive officers after considering, among other things, the Company s performance, the competitive market for executive talent, and the current environment in the healthcare industry, including in diagnostic information services. We believe that our executive compensation structure, compensation opportunity levels, and pay outcomes in 2025 reflect our firm commitment to the core principles of our executive compensation philosophy, which is designed to motivate leaders, and to align pay with performance, the Company s financial results and the interests of stockholders and stakeholders. Our named executive officers are listed below. Officer Title James E. Davis Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President Sam A. Samad Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Catherine T. Doherty Executive Vice President, Regional Businesses Michael E. Prevoznik Senior Vice President, General Counsel Karthik Kuppusamy, Ph.D. Senior Vice President, Clinical Solutions 2025 Company Performance In 2025, we continued to execute our strategic priorities and delivered strong financial and operational results. We produced almost 12% revenue growth, expanded profitability, generated significant cash flow, and made substantial progress in innovation and customer-centric offerings. We also maintained disciplined capital allocation and increased returns to stockholders. 2025 Financial Highlights Results Reported: Net revenues $11.04BB Operating income as a percentage of net revenues 14.1% Diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) $8.75 Cash provided by operations $1.89BB Adjusted: Operating income as a percentage of net revenues 15.9% Diluted EPS $9.85 Adjusted operating income as a percentage of net revenues and adjusted diluted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures. See Annex A for a reconciliation to a financial measure reported under U.S. GAAP. 2026 Proxy Statement 25 The following table highlights our strategic progress during 2025. Summary Highlights of 2025 Progress Leveraging our Capabilities and Collaborating We maintained health plan access to more than 90% of U.S. insured lives and expanded access in new geographies, including through collaborations with Elevance Health and Sentara Health Plans, effective January 1, 2025. We continued to work with health systems to help them execute their lab strategy. In 2025, our Collaborative Lab Solutions ( Co-Lab Solutions ) offering generated approximately $800 million in revenues and management fees supporting hospitals in the operation of their own labs. We also began providing co-lab solutions for Corewell Health, a leading health system in Michigan, which is our largest Co-Lab Solutions implementation to date. In Advanced Diagnostics, we added category-defining innovations to our portfolio, including a new Quest AD-Detect blood test for aiding the diagnosis of Alzheimer s disease, long-read gene sequencing to identify the cause of ataxia movement disorders, and HPV self-collection options for cervical cancer screening. In 2025, certain Advanced Diagnostics test offerings within five clinical areas oncology, cardiometabolic and endocrine, brain health, autoimmune, women s health and genetics generated over $1 billion in revenues in 2025, reflecting double-digit revenue growth. In 2023, we acquired Haystack Oncology, Inc., a cancer testing company that developed a highly sensitive testing technology for detecting minimal- residual disease ( MRD ). In 2025, we secured U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) breakthrough device designation for the Haystack MRD test for monitoring patients treated for solid-tumor cancers and formed collaborations with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center and Rutgers Cancer Institute, among others, to research and develop innovations for detecting early signs of cancer. Our consumer-initiated testing service, QuestHealth.com, continued to generate strong growth in 2025. We expanded QuestHealth.com, to include over 150 tests and increased to more than 45 million the number of registered users in our MyQuest health portal at the end of 2025. We also further advanced our position as the premier lab engine powering the wellness industry through new collaborations with top consumer wellness and wearables companies. We scaled lab testing to deliver services for more than 200,000 patients at Fresenius Medical Care's dialysis centers in the United States while also adding leading water-purity testing capabilities to our menu. We integrated eight acquisitions completed in 2024, providing the basis for growth in new geographies, including Canada. 2026 Proxy Statement 26 Continuous Improvement We significantly improved our employee retention rates across multiple job categories as a result of our continued focus on improving workforce engagement. We delivered 3% annual savings and productivity improvements through our Invigorate cost excellence program. We expanded our use of AI to continue to help drive innovation and operational efficiency. For example, in 2025, we initiated or expanded our use of AI and automation in several areas, ranging from digital cytology, microbiology, parasitology and digital pathology. We also advanced our use of automation in front-end specimen processing and labelling in six of our labs, freeing more of our processors to focus on higher-order work. We continued to leverage automation and AI to improve productivity and quality across our entire value chain, not just in the laboratory. We deployed AI to reduce denials and patient concessions, support logistics route optimization to speed specimen transport, and enhance the digital experience. In 2025, we announced a collaboration with Google to use Google Cloud's data analytics and generative AI to help us streamline our data management, improve data analytics, and personalize the experiences we deliver to patients, providers, and other customers. We formed a first-of-its-kind collaboration with Epic to be our technology partner for Project Nova, our multi-year order-to-cash transformation project designed to streamline systems and improve customer experiences, regardless of the electronic health record they use, leading to smarter, simpler testing. Disciplined Capital Deployment In February 2026, we announced the fifteenth increase in our quarterly cash dividend since the beginning of 2012, increasing the dividend by approximately 7.5%, from $0.80 per share of common stock to $0.86 per share. We repurchased over $450 million of our common stock in 2025. Since the beginning of 2012 through the end of 2025, we have returned approximately $11.7 billion to stockholders: $8.1 billion through common stock repurchases (including $1.8 billion associated with pre-tax proceeds from divestitures), and $3.6 billion through dividends. Incentive Compensation Outcomes and Alignment with Performance The Committee s approach to annual incentive compensation generally has been to tie annual incentive compensation to key operating goals and to establish targets that are challenging, yet achievable. The average 2025 annual incentive payout for our named executive officers on our annual cash incentives under the Senior Management Incentive Plan ( SMIP ) was 116% of target, after the application of individual performance modifiers. Payout on performance share awards for the three-year performance period ended December 31, 2025 was 154% of target. The following table summarizes annual incentive and performance share payouts for the two most recent performance periods for our named executive officers. Annual Incentive Payout (% of target) Performance Share Payout for 3-year performance period (% of target) Performance period ended December 31, 2025 116 (average) 154 Performance period ended December 31, 2024 97 (average) 157 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Our total shareholder return ( TSR ) for recent periods, relative to relevant publicly-traded comparator groups, is set forth below. 1-year TSR (%) (2025) 3-year TSR (%) (2023-25) 5-year TSR (%) (2021-25) Quest Diagnostics Incorporated 17.2% 17.8% 60.7% Compensation Peer Group Median (1.7)% (6.3)% (0.5)% S P 500 Index 17.9% 86.1% 96.1% S P 500 Health Care Industry Index 14.6% 20.0% 48.4% The TSR shown combines stock price appreciation and reinvestment of dividends paid during the relevant performance period, thereby taking into consideration the effect of divergent dividend policies. Taken in the aggregate, the results of our annual and long-term incentive programs demonstrate that compensation has been sensitive to Company performance. 2025 Compensation Program Changes To better align our executive compensation with our strategy of profitable growth, the Committee updated the 2025 Senior Management Incentive Plan (the SMIP ) in February 2025. The updated performance weightings are: Adjusted Diluted EPS (45%), Revenues (35%), and an Operational Scorecard (20%). Furthermore, to ensure a focus on earnings, the payout for Revenues is capped at 100% of the target if the Adjusted Diluted EPS payout is below 90% of its target. The cap on the payout for the Operational Scorecard (at 125% of target) was also modified to be dependent upon the Adjusted Diluted EPS payout level (applicable if payout is below 90% of target), whereas it was previously aligned to the payout on the Revenue metric. In addition, the Committee reestablished the level of payout at 100% of target for performance at target level across all metrics. Executive Compensation Philosophy Core Principles of Our Executive Compensation Philosophy Effectively align executive interests with the interests of stakeholders with performance measured against TSR and key financial and operational metrics; Utilize performance-based metrics, with the majority of compensation at risk; Motivate executives to achieve results that appropriately balance short-term operating goals and long-term stockholder value creation; Support our long-term business strategy and financial objectives; Set performance targets that are challenging, yet achievable, in the context of both our strategic plan and market and healthcare industry conditions; Balance driving performance without encouraging excessive risk-taking; Attract, motivate, reward and retain talented executives; and Target total compensation levels in the context of peer group and market data, as well as consideration of individual executives performance, tenure, industry expertise, breadth of responsibilities and succession planning. 2026 Proxy Statement 28 The principal components of compensation for our named executive officers are discussed in the following table. Component Form Purpose Base Salary Cash (Fixed) Provides a competitive level of pay that reflects the executive s experience, role and responsibilities Annual Cash Incentive Cash (Variable) Rewards achievement of overall corporate financial and, to a lesser extent, non-financial results for the most recently completed fiscal year; may also reward achievement of individual results Long-Term Incentive Equity Awards (Variable) Provides meaningful alignment with long-term financial and strategic growth goals that drive stockholder value creation and support the Company s talent retention strategy Our program is designed to align executive compensation with the Company s performance. The Committee has built a strong foundation for our executive compensation program and has taken numerous steps over time to structure the program to align pay with performance. We focus on aligning the annual results of our executive compensation program with the compensation of our other employees eligible for annual incentive compensation. Our long-term awards provide a strong link with stockholder interests in performance against important long-term goals and help attract and retain critical employee talent. We believe that a balanced compensation program that encourages a long-term focus supports sustained long-term corporate performance. As shown in the chart below, the bulk of our senior executives compensation is performance based and variable in nature (approximately 92% for our CEO and an average of 81% for our other named executive officers in 2025). The chart reflects the target direct compensation for our named executive officers in effect at the end of 2025 and excludes the value of other benefits and perquisites. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 The chart on the right shows the mix of our 2025 long-term incentive equity awards for executive officers, consisting of performance shares, stock options, and RSUs. The Committee annually grants equity awards to a significant number of eligible employees under the Employee Plan. These awards may include performance shares, stock options and/or RSUs, and are designed to foster an alignment of stockholder interests with a broader group of employees, to incentivize these employees to continue to perform at a high level and to promote a culture of employee ownership. Additionally, a significant number of employees at all levels of the Company own our common stock through our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, under which employees may purchase our common stock at a discount, and our Quest Diagnostics Profit Sharing Plan (the 401(k) Plan ). None of our named executive officers has an employment agreement. Best Practices Our program reflects many best practices. What We Do What We Don t Do Link executive pay with performance Maintain robust clawback policies, including a Dodd-Frank compliant clawback policy as well as an additional supplementary clawback policy Maintain share ownership and retention guidelines for executives and members of senior management Use three-year vesting for equity awards Measure performance for performance share awards over a single three-year performance period Provide for double trigger change-in-control vesting in equity awards: awards vest following a change in control only if the employee experiences a qualifying termination of employment Require a minimum vesting period of at least one year following grant (except for up to 5% of awards) Utilize an independent compensation consultant Conduct annual risk assessment of compensation plans Maintain an investor outreach program to incorporate feedback in our program Provide stockholders an annual say on pay vote Evaluate management succession and leadership development efforts on an ongoing basis No excise tax gross-ups upon a change in control No supplemental pension benefits for executives No single-trigger vesting in connection with a change in control for equity awards No hedging or pledging or speculative transactions in our securities by directors and executive officers No repricing or buyouts of equity awards without stockholder approval No excessive perquisites No payment of dividends or dividend equivalents on performance shares No encouraging imprudent risk taking No employment agreements for executive officers 2026 Proxy Statement 30 Independent Compensation Consultant The Committee retained Pearl Meyer Partners, LLC ( Pearl Meyer ) as its independent compensation consultant to assist it in carrying out its responsibilities beginning in February 2019. In November 2024, to gain a fresh perspective, the Committee initiated a Request for Proposal ( RFP ) process to select a new compensation consultant. In July 2025, at the conclusion of the RFP process, the Committee selected Semler Brossy Consulting Group, LLC ( Semler Brossy ) as its new independent compensation consultant. The following table provides information regarding the Committee s independent compensation consultant. Independent Compensation Consultant Reports directly to, and is directly accountable to, the Committee, which has sole authority to retain and terminate it, at Company expense. The Committee determined that each of Pearl Meyer and Semler Brossy is independent in accordance with SEC and NYSE rules and that there are no conflicts of interest. What They Do Provide analyses and information regarding the three-year realizable pay of the Company s executive officers and the three-year stockholder returns of the peer group Advise on the design of our executive compensation programs to ensure appropriate linkage between pay and performance Provide related executive compensation advice and services to the Committee ( e.g ., advice regarding compensation peer group) Provide analyses and information regarding market practices and trends in executive and non-employee director compensation for companies in our peer group and more broadly Periodically participate in private sessions of the Committee (without Company employees present) Periodically meet with the Committee s Chair to discuss compensation matters Avoid ties to management that could jeopardize their fully independent status Say on Pay, Stockholder Outreach, and Feedback At the Company s 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, approximately 91% of votes cast on the say-on-pay proposal voted in favor of the compensation of our named executive officers. We continued to monitor market practices and trends and to engage with our investors. As part of our program of ongoing dialogue with our investors (see Stockholder Access and Outreach beginning on page 9), during the past year we held discussions regarding our executive compensation program. Investors generally shared positive feedback regarding the Company s structuring of, and overall approach to, executive pay. The Committee also received advice from its independent compensation consultant and considered management recommendations based on the Company s strategic direction. Insights gained from these efforts, including the investor feedback, were considered by the Committee when taking action on the Company s compensation programs. Setting Executive Compensation The Committee establishes the Company s executive compensation philosophy, oversees our executive compensation program and regularly monitors our executive compensation programs to ensure adherence to our philosophy and compliance with applicable guidelines and policies. The Committee is supported in its work by our Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer and her staff, as well as by the Committee s independent compensation consultant. Within the framework of the executive compensation programs approved by the Committee, the Chief Executive Officer recommends to the Committee the individual compensation for executive officers, other than himself. These recommendations are based on market data and an assessment of both Company and individual performance. The Chief Executive Officer also recommends incentive compensation performance measures for executive officers, other than himself, to align compensation with our corporate objectives. At the Committee s request, he is present during the portions of Committee meetings in which compensation regarding the named executive officers, other than himself, is reviewed and decided, but the Committee retains the final authority for all such decisions. The Chief Executive Officer does not make any recommendations to the Committee regarding his own compensation and does not participate in portions of Committee meetings when his compensation is reviewed and decided. 2026 Proxy Statement 31 For each named executive officer, the Committee annually reviews performance and approves all elements of compensation, including base salary, annual incentive awards and long-term incentive awards, but excluding broad-based employee benefit programs. After the Committee approves the compensation of our named executive officers, the Committee reports its compensation determinations to the full Board. To assist the Committee with its review, our Human Resources department, in consultation with the Committee s independent compensation consultant, annually prepares analyses of each named executive officer s compensation, including tally sheets. The review includes current and prior-year compensation information regarding base salary, target and paid annual incentive compensation, deferred compensation activity and balances, aggregate equity grant values, perquisites, and any other compensation, as well as estimates of the amounts payable to each named executive officer upon termination of employment under various circumstances, including in connection with a change in control. Peer Group The compensation targets for, and compensation earned by, each named executive officer are reviewed relative to market data for comparable positions in a peer group where available. In 2025, the Committee reviewed the Company s peer group and, after considering input from the independent compensation consultant, did not make any changes. The peer group currently consists of the following 14 companies, which generally are in the healthcare services, equipment and distribution industries. Agilent Technologies, Inc. Illumina, Inc. Baxter International Inc. Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Becton, Dickinson and Company Owens Minor, Inc.* Boston Scientific Corporation Revvity, Inc. DaVita Inc. Stryker Corporation Henry Schein, Inc. Tenet Healthcare Corporation Hologic, Inc. Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. * Owens Minor, Inc. was acquired as of December 31, 2025. For the named executive officers, the Committee establishes target compensation consistent, to the extent possible, with comparable positions in the peer group. The Committee also considers broader healthcare industry survey data. Our practice is to target total direct compensation (including base salary, annual cash incentive targets and long-term incentive awards) competitive with market median, depending upon the named executive officer s responsibilities, expertise and experience, along with consideration given to both individual and Company performance. Specific consideration is given to the weighting of fixed and at-risk components of pay relative to the peer group. No single element of compensation is set without considering the total direct compensation of the named executive officers relative to the marketplace, as well as the impact of any change on the other components of our pay model. When setting each participant s target annual compensation package, the grant date values of prior equity awards are considered, but realized or unrealized gains from prior equity awards are not taken into account. For 2025, the target total direct compensation, on average, for our named executive officers, was within a competitive range of the peer group median. 2026 Proxy Statement 32 Pay Components Base Salary We pay base salary to our executives to provide them a steady source of income for their services to the Company. The Committee annually reviews and approves base salaries for the named executive officers. Consistent with our executive compensation philosophy, base salaries are set at levels competitive with the peer group after considering other individual-specific factors. Based on an assessment of each named executive officer s position, performance, scope of responsibility, current salary level, and compensation for market comparable roles, the Committee determined the 2025 base salary rates, including adjustments, set forth in the following table. Increase in Base Salary Rate (%) 2025 Base Salary Rate ($) James E. Davis - 1,250,000 Sam A. Samad 3.70 700,000 Catherine T. Doherty 4.00 650,000 Michael E. Prevoznik - 550,000 Karthik Kuppusamy 4.55 575,000 Annual Cash Incentive Compensation Introduction Our annual cash incentives reward the achievement of annual performance goals, including operating and strategic goals (both financial and non-financial). Annual cash incentive payments to our named executive officers are subject to the achievement of specific performance goals and, if achieved, are scheduled to be paid on or before March 15th of the year following the completion of the performance year. The Committee sets performance goals with targets based on the Company s operating plan and aligned with our strategy; non-financial goals may be objective or subjective in nature. The Committee s approach to annual incentive compensation generally has been to: Tie annual incentive compensation to key operating goals; Establish targets that are challenging, yet achievable; and Provide for a maximum payout of 200% of target upon achievement of extraordinary performance. The following table sets forth, for each of the past five years, the average annual cash incentive payments as compared to target for the named executive officers for that year. The Committee believes that these results demonstrate that annual incentive compensation has been sensitive to Company performance. Year Average Incentive Payment as Compared to Target (%) 2021 145 2022* 131 2023 78 2024 97 2025 116 * Excludes one former named executive officer who forfeited their annual incent