=== KVUE_2026-02-20.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in Kenvue speculative or risky: Risks Related to the Proposed Transaction with K-C • If the Proposed Transaction is consummated, the combined company may not perform as expected and may fail to realize the projected benefits and cost savings of the Proposed Transaction, which could adversely affect the value of K-C common stock, which our current shareholders will own following the completion of the Proposed Transaction. • Failure to consummate, or a delay in the consummation of, the Proposed Transaction. • Uncertainties associated with the Proposed Transaction may cause a loss of management and other key employees. • Our shareholders will have a significantly reduced ownership and voting interest in the combined company. • Litigation against us or K-C, or the members of our or K-C’s board of directors. • The Merger Agreement restricts our ability to pursue alternatives to the Proposed Transaction. • Regulatory approvals may delay the Proposed Transaction or may diminish its benefits. • The number of shares of K-C common stock issuable in the First Merger in respect of one share of our common stock is fixed and will not be adjusted. Because the market price of K-C common stock may fluctuate, our shareholders cannot be sure of the market value of the stock consideration they will receive in exchange for their shares. • If the Proposed Transaction fails to qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), our shareholders may pay additional U.S. federal income taxes. • Uncertainties associated with the Proposed Transaction may disrupt our business. • The Proposed Transaction’s consummation is expected to trigger change-in-control or other provisions. • Failure to integrate our and K-C’s businesses and operations successfully in the expected time frame. • The Merger Agreement restricts certain business activities prior to the effective time of the Proposed Transaction. • We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant costs in connection with the Proposed Transaction. • The Proposed Transaction may result in a loss of customers, distributors, service providers, suppliers, vendors, joint venture participants, and other business counterparties and may result in the termination of existing contracts. Risks Related to Our Business, Industry, and Operations • Damage to our or our brands’ reputation could impact our brand loyalty with consumers, customers, and third parties. • We face intense competition, including from multinational corporations, smaller regional companies, private-label brands, and generic non-branded products, in each of our reportable business segments and product lines and across all geographic markets in which we operate. • Our ability to both innovate successfully and anticipate, understand, and respond appropriately to market trends, rapidly changing consumer and customer preferences, and shifting demand for our products. • Our marketing efforts may be costly and inefficient and may not successfully defend, maintain, or improve our reputation, our brands, or our market share positions in existing or new markets. • Expanding our global operations requires significant resources and expenses, and we may not succeed due to various commercial, operational, and legal challenges associated with conducting business globally. • We may face challenges in implementing our digital strategy across all aspects of our operations, and our digital strategy may lead us to pursue new offerings and expose us to digital-related risks. • Uncertainty in the development, deployment, use, and regulation of artificial intelligence in our internal processes, manufacturing operations, products, and services, as well as our business more broadly, could adversely affect us. • Failure to realize benefits of acquisitions and divestitures we have pursued or may pursue could adversely affect us. • The threats of counterfeit products, infringement of our intellectual property, and other unauthorized versions of our products, which pose a risk to consumer health and safety and could damage our reputation. • Our reliance on third parties in many aspects of our business, including to manufacture products, inherently involves a lesser degree of control over business operations, compliance matters, and cybersecurity. • Disruptions to our manufacturing or supplier operations could adversely affect us. 17 • Inflationary pressures and related volatility in the cost or availability of raw materials and other inputs for our products, including due to military conflicts, tariffs, and other adverse economic or market conditions. • Information security incidents, including cybersecurity breaches, interruption, breakdown, corruption, destruction, breach, or failure of Technology Systems (as defined below) operated by us or a third party, which could result in reputational damage, operational disruption, and significant associated costs. • Our ability to attract and retain a skilled workforce, reflecting our consumers, and to implement succession plans. Risks Related to Government Regulation, Legal Proceedings, and Financial and Economic Market Conditions • Our ability to comply with a broad range of laws and regulations, and other stakeholder requirements globally, including rapidly evolving requirements related to tax, trade, tariffs, manufacturing, ingredients, climate change, sustainability, the environment, privacy, data protection, artificial intelligence, anti-corruption, and human rights. • We are, and could become, subject to legal proceedings and governmental or regulatory investigations that may result in significant expenses, liabilities (potentially in excess of accruals), and reputational damage. • Concerns about the reliability, safety, and efficacy of our products and their ingredients, including acetaminophen, talc, and phenylephrine, have resulted and could in the future result in litigation, regulatory action, governmental investigations, reputational damage, product recalls, product reformulations, or product withdrawals, whether or not such concerns are based on scientific or factual evidence we believe is sound. • Our ability to successfully establish, maintain, protect, and enforce intellectual property rights and our ability to successfully avoid violation of the intellectual property rights of others. • Risks associated with conducting business globally, including foreign currency risks and impacts on our business related to ongoing and possible future conflicts, geopolitical events, or adverse economic or market conditions. Risks Related to Our Relationship with J&J • Our historical financial information may not necessarily reflect the results that we would have achieved as an independent, publicly traded company or what our results may be in the future. • We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the Separation. • We are subject to potential tax-related liabilities to J&J for taxes attributable to our business. • Our continued use of legacy J&J branding, including ongoing use of the “Johnson’s ® ” brand. • The transfer of certain assets, liabilities, and contracts from J&J to us contemplated by the Separation has not been completed and may be significantly delayed or not occur at all. • We may not be able to replace necessary manufacturing operations, systems, and services when the transition services agreement (the “Transition Services Agreement”) and the transition manufacturing agreement (the “Transition Manufacturing Agreement,” and, together with the Transition Services Agreement, the “Transition Agreements”) we entered into with J&J in connection with the Separation expire or otherwise terminate. • We may incur indemnification obligations to J&J, including for potentially uncapped amounts, for certain liabilities relating to our business activities. • J&J has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities, including the Talc-Related Liabilities (as defined below) for products sold in the United States and Canada, but such indemnity may not be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities or J&J may be unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock • The stock price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, including as a result of the Proposed Transaction. • We have debt obligations that impose certain restrictions on our business. • We are a holding company and depend on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other payments and distributions to us in order to meet our obligations. An investment in our securities involves risks and uncertainties. In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should consider carefully the factors set forth below. We seek to identify, manage, and mitigate risks to our business, but risks and uncertainties are difficult to predict and many are outside of our control and therefore cannot be eliminated. You should be aware that it is not possible to predict or identify all of these factors and that the following is not meant to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way. 18 Risks Related to the Proposed Transaction with K-C If the Proposed Transaction is consummated, the combined company may not perform as we or the market expects and may fail to realize the projected benefits and cost savings of the Proposed Transaction, which could adversely affect the value of K-C common stock, which our shareholders will own following the completion of the Proposed Transaction. The success of the Proposed Transaction will depend, in part, on K-C’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining our and K-C’s respective businesses, including operational and other synergies that we believe the combined company will be able to achieve. The anticipated benefits and cost savings of the Proposed Transaction may not be realized fully or at all, may take longer to realize than expected, or could have other adverse effects that we do not currently foresee. Risks associated with the combined company following the Proposed Transaction include: • the integration process will require significant time and focus from management following the Proposed Transaction and may, for the combined company, result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing businesses, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies; • key employees might decide not to remain with the combined company after the Proposed Transaction is completed, and the loss of key personnel could adversely affect the combined company’s results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects; • the results of operations of the combined company and the market price of the combined company’s common stock after the completion of the Proposed Transaction may be affected by factors different from those currently affecting each of our and K-C’s independent results of operations; • there could be potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses associated with the Proposed Transaction that were not discovered in the course of performing due diligence; and • the issuance of shares of the K-C common stock in the Proposed Transaction could depress the market price for the combined company’s common stock. In addition, in connection with the Proposed Transaction, K-C is expected to incur significant additional indebtedness to finance the Cash Consideration (as defined in Note 1, “Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Proposed Transaction with Kimberly-Clark” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein) and pay fees and expenses relating to the Proposed Transaction. This increased indebtedness will reduce the amount of cash flow available to service K-C’s debt, including any of our debt assumed by K-C in connection with the Proposed Transaction, in future periods. If the combined company’s cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund debt service obligations, it could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital, or restructure or refinance its indebtedness. Failure to consummate the Proposed Transaction, or a delay in the consummation of the Proposed Transaction, could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price. The Merger Agreement is subject to a number of conditions that must be fulfilled to complete the Proposed Transaction. Those conditions include, among others, certain regulatory approvals, the absence of government restraints or prohibitions preventing the completion of the Proposed Transaction, the approval of the stock portion of the Merger Consideration (as defined in Note 1, “Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Proposed Transaction with Kimberly-Clark,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein) for listing on Nasdaq, the continued accuracy of the representations and warranties by both parties, and the performance in all material respects by both parties of their obligations under the Merger Agreement. A number of the conditions are not within our control and may prevent, delay, or otherwise materially adversely affect the consummation of the Proposed Transaction. We cannot predict with certainty whether and when any of the required closing conditions will be satisfied or if another uncertainty may arise and cannot assure you that we will be able to timely consummate the Proposed Transaction as currently contemplated under the Merger Agreement or at all. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way, by 19 the failure to complete the Proposed Transaction or by a delay in the completion of the Proposed Transaction, including as a result of the following: • the combined company may not realize any or all of the potential benefits of the Proposed Transaction, including any synergies that could result from combining our financial and business resources with those of K-C; • matters relating to the Proposed Transaction will require substantial commitments of time and resources by our management which would otherwise have been devoted to day-to-day operations and other opportunities that may have been beneficial to us as an independent company; • we have incurred and will incur further substantial expenses in connection with the Proposed Transaction, including legal, financial advisory, accounting, consulting and other advisory fees, severance/employee benefit-related costs, public company filing fees and other regulatory fees, and other costs relating to the Proposed Transaction regardless of whether the Proposed Transaction is consummated; • we may be subject to legal proceedings related to the potential delay of, or failure to consummate, the Proposed Transaction; • we may experience disruptions to our business resulting from the announcement and pendency of the Proposed Transaction, including adverse changes in our relationships with, or loss of, our customers, business partners, and employees, which may not be reversible and may continue or even intensify in the event the Proposed Transaction is delayed or not consummated; • under the Merger Agreement, we are subject to certain restrictions on the conduct of our business prior to completing the Proposed Transaction, which restrictions could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business as we otherwise would have done if we were not subject to these restrictions; • we may experience negative reactions to the Proposed Transaction from the financial markets, including negative impacts on the market price of our common stock; and • if the Proposed Transaction is not consummated, we may suffer from negative publicity and a negative impression of us in the investment community, and a failure to close the Proposed Transaction may have a negative impact on the market price of our common stock. Uncertainties associated with the Proposed Transaction may cause a loss of our or K-C’s management and other key employees, which could adversely affect the future business and operations of the combined company following the Proposed Transaction. We depend on the experience and industry knowledge of our management personnel and other key employees to execute our business plans. The success of the combined company after the Proposed Transaction will depend, in part, on its ability to retain or attract key management personnel and other key employees. During the pendency or following the consummation of the Proposed Transaction, our current and prospective employees may experience uncertainty or have concerns regarding their roles within the combined company, the timing and consummation of the Proposed Transaction, or the operations of the combined company, any of which may have an adverse effect on our ability to retain or attract key management and other key personnel. If we are unable to retain personnel, including our key management, who are critical to the future operations of the combined company, we or the combined company could face disruptions in our operations, loss of existing customers, loss of key information, expertise, or know-how, and unanticipated additional recruitment and training costs. In addition, the loss of key personnel could diminish the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Transaction. No assurance can be given that the combined company, following the Proposed Transaction, will be able to retain or attract our key management personnel and other key employees to the same extent that we have previously been able to retain or attract our own employees. Holders of our common stock will have a significantly reduced ownership and voting interest in the combined company after the Proposed Transaction and will therefore have less voting influence over the combined company. In the Proposed Transaction, each of our shareholders will become a holder of common stock of the combined company which will continue operations as K-C. Upon completion of the Proposed Transaction, our current shareholders are expected to own approximately 46% and current K-C shareholders are expected to own approximately 54% of the combined company on a fully 20 diluted basis. As a result, our shareholders will have less voting influence on the combined company and may have less influence on its management and policies than they now have over us. Litigation against us or K-C, or the members of our or K-C’s board of directors, could prevent or delay the completion of the Proposed Transaction. Since the announcement of the Proposed Transaction, certain of our shareholders and K-C’s shareholders have filed lawsuits against us, K-C, and/or the board of directors of both companies in connection with the Proposed Transaction, and such lawsuits may continue to be filed. These legal proceedings could delay or prevent the Proposed Transaction from being completed in a timely manner. The existence of litigation related to the Proposed Transaction could affect the likelihood of obtaining the required regulatory approvals. Moreover, any litigation could be time-consuming and expensive and could divert our and K-C’s management’s attention away from their regular business and their focus on successful integration planning for the two companies. Any lawsuit adversely resolved against us, K-C, or members of our respective boards of directors could adversely affect each company’s business, financial condition, and results of operations. The Merger Agreement restricts our ability to pursue alternatives to the Proposed Transaction. The Merger Agreement contains “no shop” covenants that restrict our ability to, directly or indirectly, among other things, solicit proposals relating to any alternative business combination or acquisition transactions and enter into any discussions concerning, or provide confidential information in connection with, any such alternative business combination or acquisition transactions. These provisions prevent us from engaging with a potential third-party acquirer that might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant part of the Company. The need for regulatory approvals may delay the date of completion of the Proposed Transaction or may diminish the benefits of the Proposed Transaction. The parties to the Merger Agreement are required to obtain the approvals of certain regulatory agencies before completing the Proposed Transaction. Satisfying any requirements of these regulatory agencies may delay the date of completion of the Proposed Transaction. The requisite regulatory approvals may not be received on a timely basis, or at all (in which case the Proposed Transaction could not be completed), or may contain conditions or restrictions on completion of the Proposed Transaction that cannot be satisfied. In addition, any conditions or restrictions imposed could have the effect of imposing additional costs on or limiting the revenues of the combined company following the Proposed Transaction, which might have an adverse effect on the combined company following the Proposed Transaction. Further, it is possible that, among other things, restrictions on the combined operations of the two companies, including divestitures, may be sought by governmental agencies as a condition to obtaining the required regulatory approvals. This may diminish the benefits of the Proposed Transaction to the combined company or otherwise have an adverse effect on the combined company following the Proposed Transaction. The number of shares of K-C common stock issuable in the First Merger in respect of one share of our common stock is fixed and will not be adjusted. Because the market price of K-C common stock may fluctuate, our shareholders cannot be sure of the market value of the stock consideration they will receive in exchange for their shares in connection with the Proposed Transaction. At the time the First Merger is completed, each issued and outstanding share of our common stock will be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration, which consists of 1) 0.14625 shares of K-C common stock and 2) $3.50 in cash. The exchange ratio is fixed and will not be adjusted to reflect stock price changes of either our common stock or K-C common stock prior to the closing of the First Merger. Accordingly, the market value of the stock consideration that our shareholders will receive in the First Merger will vary based on the price of K-C common stock at the time our shareholders receive the Merger Consideration, and our shareholders cannot be sure of the market value of the share component of the Merger Consideration they will receive upon completion of the First Merger. The market price of K-C common stock is expected to fluctuate through and after the consummation of the Proposed Transaction, which may not occur for a considerable amount of time. Changes in the price of K-C common stock may result from a variety of factors, including general market and economic conditions, changes in K-C’s and our businesses, operations and prospects, changes in market assessments of the likelihood that the Proposed Transaction will be completed and/or the value that may be generated by the Proposed Transaction, changes with respect to expectations regarding the timing of the Proposed Transaction, and regulatory considerations. Many of these factors are beyond our and K-C’s control. In addition, the use of cash and incurrence of indebtedness by K-C in connection with the financing of the Proposed Transaction may have an adverse impact on K-C’s liquidity, limit K-C’s flexibility in responding to other business opportunities, and increase K-C’s vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, each of which 21 could adversely affect the market price of K-C’s common stock prior to closing and that of the combined company following closing. If the Proposed Transaction fails to qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, our shareholders may be required to pay additional U.S. federal income taxes. The Proposed Transaction is intended to qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, and we and K-C intend to report the Proposed Transaction consistent with such qualification. However, the closing is not conditioned upon the receipt of an opinion of counsel or a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) that the Proposed Transaction will so qualify, and neither we nor K-C intends to request a ruling from the IRS regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Proposed Transaction. Consequently, no assurance can be given that the Proposed Transaction will so qualify, that the IRS will not challenge such qualification, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the Proposed Transaction were to fail to qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, a holder of our common stock generally would recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the exchange of our common stock for K-C common stock in the Proposed Transaction. This would be in addition to income with respect to the Cash Consideration (as defined in Note 1, “Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Proposed Transaction with Kimberly-Clark” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein), which generally would constitute taxable income to a holder of our common stock in an amount equal to the lesser of the amount of such cash and the holder’s realized gain in its K-C common stock if the Proposed Transaction qualified as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. Our business operations may be subject to disruption due to uncertainties associated with the Proposed Transaction, which could adversely affect our or the combined company’s business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations pending and following the Proposed Transaction. Parties with which we do business may experience uncertainty associated with the Proposed Transaction, including with respect to current or future business relationships with us or the combined company following the Proposed Transaction. Our business relationships may be subject to disruption as customers, distributors, suppliers, vendors, landlords, and other third parties with whom they do business may attempt to delay or defer entering into new business relationships, negotiate changes in existing business relationships or consider entering into business relationships with parties other than us or the combined company following the Proposed Transaction. These disruptions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations regardless of whether the Proposed Transaction is completed and could adversely affect the combined company’s ability to realize the expected cost savings and other benefits of the Proposed Transaction. The risk and adverse effects of any disruption could be exacerbated by a delay in the closing of the Proposed Transaction or termination of the Merger Agreement. If the Proposed Transaction is consummated, its completion is expected to trigger change-in-control or other provisions in certain agreements to which we or K-C is a party. The consummation of the Proposed Transaction is expected to trigger change-in-control or other provisions in certain agreements to which we or K-C or our respective subsidiaries are a party. If we and K-C are unable to obtain the counterparties’ consents or waivers of those provisions, the counterparties may exercise their rights and remedies under the applicable agreements, including in some instances potentially terminating the agreements or seeking monetary damages. Even if we and K-C are able to negotiate consents or waivers, the counterparties may require a fee for such consents or waivers or seek to renegotiate the agreements on terms less favorable to the combined company. In addition, in connection with the Proposed Transaction, we and K-C have agreed that the Proposed Transaction will constitute a “change in control,” or term of similar import, under certain Company compensation and benefit arrangements and K-C compensation and benefit arrangements, as applicable, which may result in additional payments and benefits to directors and executive officers. Failure to integrate our and K-C’s businesses and operations successfully in the expected time frame may adversely affect the future results of the combined company. We and K-C have operated and, until the consummation of the Proposed Transaction, will continue to operate independently. Following the closing of the Proposed Transaction, our respective businesses may not be integrated successfully. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key Company employees or key K-C employees, the loss of customers, service providers, vendors or other business counterparties, the disruption of either company’s or both companies’ ongoing businesses, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen 22 expenses, delays, or regulatory conditions associated with and following the closing of the mergers or higher-than-expected integration costs, and an overall po

=== KVUE_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the reader should carefully consider the factors in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” included in our Annual Report. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds There were no sales of equity securities by the Company during the fiscal three months ended March 29, 2026. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers During the fiscal three months ended October 1, 2023, our Board authorized a share repurchase program, under which we are authorized to repurchase up to 27,000,000 shares of our outstanding common stock in open market or privately negotiated transactions. The program has no expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The intent of this repurchase program is to offset dilution from the vesting or exercise of equity-based awards under the Kenvue 2023 Plan (as defined in Note 7, “Stock-Based Compensation,” to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein). On November 2, 2025, we entered into the Merger Agreement pursuant to which K-C will acquire all of the outstanding shares of the Company for a combination of stock and cash in a series of transactions, as described in Note 1, “Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Pending Transaction with Kimberly-Clark,” to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, and subject to the exceptions therein, we are not permitted to repurchase, redeem, or otherwise acquire any of our equity interests without the prior written consent of K-C. No shares have been repurchased subsequent to the execution of the Merger Agreement. The following table represents our purchases of common stock during the fiscal three months ended March 29, 2026: (Shares in Thousands) Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Common Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs December 29, 2025 – January 25, 2026 — $ — — 6,613 January 26, 2026 – February 22, 2026 — $ — — 6,613 February 23, 2026 – March 29, 2026 — $ — — 6,613 Total number of shares purchased — Item 5. Other Information Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies During the fiscal three months ended March 29, 2026, none of the Company’s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a1(f) under the Exchange Ac t) adopted or terminated an y contract, instruction, or written plan for the purchase or sale of the Company’s securities intended to satisfy the conditions of the affirmative defense provided by Rule 10b5-1(c) or any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 43 Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Kenvue Inc., effective as of May 3, 2023, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Kenvue Inc. with the SEC on May 8, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Kenvue Inc., effective as of May 3, 2023, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Kenvue Inc. with the SEC on May 8, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference 10.1 Offer Letter, dated as of April 10, 2026, by and between Kenvue Brands LLC and Heather Howlett , filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Kenvue Inc. with the SEC on April 15, 2026, and incorporated herein by reference † 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 * 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 * 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ** 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ** 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) * Filed herewith ** Furnished herewith † Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 44 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Kenvue Inc. Date: May 7, 2026 /s/ AMIT BANATI Amit Banati Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: May 7, 2026 /s/ HEATHER HOWLETT Heather Howlett Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 45 