=== KVUE_2026-02-20.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors, and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors, and you should not consider the risks described above to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. We do not undertake to publicly update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information or future events or developments, except as required by law. 4 PART I Item 1. Business Company Overview At Kenvue, our purpose is to realize the extraordinary power of everyday care. As a global leader at the intersection of healthcare and consumer goods, we are the world s largest pure-play consumer health company by revenue with $15.1 billion in Net sales in the fiscal year 2025. By combining the power of science with meaningful consumer insights and our digital strategy, we empower consumers to live healthier lives every day. Built on more than a century of heritage and trusted by generations, our differentiated portfolio of iconic brands including Aveeno , BAND-AID Brand, Johnson s , Listerine , Neutrogena , Nicorette , Tylenol , and Zyrtec is backed by science and recommended by healthcare professionals, which further reinforces our consumers connections to our brands. Our portfolio includes Self Care, Skin Health and Beauty, and Essential Health products, allowing us to connect with consumers across North America, Asia Pacific ( APAC ), Europe, Middle East, and Africa ( EMEA ), and Latin America ( LATAM ) in their daily rituals and the moments that matter most. Our products are marketed across more than 165 countries worldwide. Our global scale and the breadth of our brand portfolio are complemented by our well-developed capabilities and accelerated through our digital strategy, allowing us to dynamically capitalize on and respond to current trends impacting our categories and geographic markets. With a sole focus on consumer health, our marketing organization operates efficiently by leveraging our precision marketing, e-commerce, and broader digital capabilities to develop unique consumer insights and further enhance the relevance of our brands. Similarly, our research and development organization combines these consumer insights with deep, multi-disciplinary scientific expertise, and active engagement with healthcare professionals, to drive innovative new products, solutions, and experiences centered around consumer health. Underpinned by Kenvue s Healthy Lives Mission, our comprehensive sustainability strategy, our core capabilities are supported by our commitment to building a resilient and sustainable business that creates value for all our stakeholders over the long term. Since the Separation from J J, as described below, we have been significantly transforming, including from exiting the Transition Services Agreement and the Transition Manufacturing Agreement with J J (as defined in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors Summary of Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Relationship with J J ) while standing up, disentangling, modernizing, and optimizing our own systems, strengthening our Leadership Team, instituting a new operating model, reinventing our ways of working, and enhancing our commercial capabilities. We have been focused on driving productivity and realizing cost savings from Our Vue Forward (as defined in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Factors Affecting Our Results Restructuring ) across the organization to fuel investments behind our brands and unlock operational efficiencies, so that we can drive sustainable and profitable growth. Proposed Transaction with Kimberly-Clark On November 2, 2025, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ) with Kimberly-Clark Corporation, a Delaware corporation ( K-C or, with reference to the post-closing period, the combined company ), Vesta Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of K-C ( First Merger Sub ), and Vesta Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of K-C ( Second Merger Sub ). The Merger Agreement provides for the combination of the Company and K-C upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein (the Proposed Transaction ), as described in Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Proposed Transaction with Kimberly-Clark, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. On January 29, 2026, our shareholders approved the adoption of the Merger Agreement and K-C s shareholders approved the issuance of K-C common stock in connection with the Proposed Transaction, in each case at a special meeting of shareholders held for that purpose. Additionally, the waiting period applicable to the Proposed Transaction under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, expired on February 4, 2026. The Proposed Transaction remains subject to the satisfaction or waiver of other customary closing conditions, including the receipt of a number of foreign regulatory approvals, as described in the Merger Agreement. 5 Separation from J J In November 2021, J J, our former parent company, announced its intention to separate its Consumer Health segment (the Consumer Health Business ) into an independent publicly traded company (the Separation ). Kenvue was incorporated in Delaware in February 2022, as a wholly owned subsidiary of J J, to serve as the ultimate parent company of J J s Consumer Health Business. In April 2023, J J completed the transfer of substantially all of the assets and liabilities of the Consumer Health Business to us and our subsidiaries. In May 2023, we completed an initial public offering (the Kenvue IPO ) and began trading on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) under the ticker symbol KVUE. In July 2023, J J announced an exchange offer (the Exchange Offer ) under which its shareholders could exchange shares of J J common stock for shares of our common stock owned by J J. In August 2023, J J completed the Exchange Offer, completing the Separation and Kenvue s transition to being a fully independent public company. In May 2024, J J completed an additional exchange offer (the Debt-for-Equity-Exchange ) through which J J exchanged indebtedness of J J for shares of our common stock owned by J J. Following the completion of the Debt-for-Equity Exchange, J J did not own any shares of our common stock. See Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Description of the Company and Business Segments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information. Relationship with J J We entered into a separation agreement (the Separation Agreement ) and various other agreements with J J for the purpose of effecting the Separation. These agreements provide a framework for our relationship with J J and govern various interim and ongoing relationships between us and J J that follow the completion of the Kenvue IPO. See Note 12, Relationship with J J, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information on these agreements. Brands and Product Portfolio We have a world-class, global portfolio of iconic and trusted brands that are leaders in their respective categories and include some of the most recognizable household names across the consumer health industry. Our overall strategy prioritizes operating our portfolio in a highly targeted manner, with the goal of delivering sustainable and profitable growth. Each of our reportable business segments are focused on driving financial performance by leveraging specific category expertise and capabilities while also benefiting from our scale to collaborate across the organization, including in brand management and marketing, research and development and innovation, insights and analytics, and omnichannel commerce. The reportable business segments are as follows: Self Care. Our Self Care product categories include: Cough, Cold, and Allergy; Pain Care; and Other Self Care (Digestive Health, Smoking Cessation, Eye Care, and Other). Major brands in the segment include Benadryl , Calpol , Motrin , Nicorette , Rhinocort , Tylenol , Zarbee s , and Zyrtec . Our Self Care brands offer accessibility to healthcare solutions with over-the-counter ( OTC ) medicines and other naturally inspired products. These brands deliver connected health offerings, including digital diagnostics and telemedicine, to expand personalized solutions to consumers. Skin Health and Beauty. Our Skin Health and Beauty product categories include: Face and Body Care; and Hair, Sun, and Other. Major brands in the segment include Aveeno , Dr.Ci:Labo , Le Petit Marseillais , Lubriderm , Neutrogena , OGX , and Rogaine . Our portfolio of skin and hair care brands focus on dermatological solutions by leveraging partnerships with skin experts and scientific expertise to create differentiated, science-backed products recommended by healthcare professionals. Essential Health. Our Essential Health product categories include: Oral Care; Baby Care; and Other Essential Health (Women s Health, Wound Care, and Other). Major brands in the segment include BAND-AID Brand, Carefree , Desitin , Johnson s , Listerine , o.b. tampons, and Stayfree . Our Essential Health brands raise standards of personal care across baby care, wound care, oral care, and menstrual health categories. Brand Marketing Our digital approach to marketing places the consumer at the center of all decisions related to our product delivery, service offerings, and the experiences we create. Our global presence allows us to tailor our marketing strategy and campaigns to the distinctive needs of our consumers in local markets throughout the world. It is our global scale and improving modern marketing capabilities that enable deep connections with consumers. 6 We leverage insights across our product offerings to understand the constantly changing consumer behaviors and expectations, which allow us to evolve our brand messaging to ensure that we drive relevance with consumers and healthcare professionals, ultimately seeking to increase reach, stimulate demand, and drive growth. Our marketing expertise is built on a combination of human empathy and science that improves health outcomes. Our consumer-first approach and rigorous clinical testing allows us to articulate science in ways that meet the needs of our consumers and healthcare professionals as we win their trust, endorsement, and loyalty. We are a digital modern marketing company, and we collaborate with celebrities, influencers, and healthcare professionals to amplify brand awareness and product innovations. In addition, we continually evaluate the impact of media investments and consumer communications through data science and analytics. We ultimately use media return on investment to evaluate and optimize our investment opportunities. Our digital strategy aims to maximize reach, performance, and returns while reducing costs. Product Development and Innovation Our research and development organization combines deep, multi-disciplinary scientific expertise with active engagement with healthcare professionals, placing human empathy at the heart of our product development process. We leverage our extensive capabilities and deep consumer insights to develop innovative products and experiences that meet the specific needs of our consumers, enhancing their overall standard of everyday care. Across our portfolio of iconic brands, we earn consumers trust through modern, science-backed innovations that deliver reliable personal care products and technologies that improve well-being. Our global team of approximately 1,600 scientists, doctors, pharmacists, and engineers has expertise across a range of core disciplines, including formulation science, regulatory affairs, quality, medical affairs, medical safety, clinical operations, microbiology, translational science, and packaging. The teams collaborate across the product development lifecycle, partnering with consumers and leveraging our long-standing relationships with healthcare professionals and academic institutions to co-create a continuous pipeline of meaningful innovation. Our research and development organization operates a global network of innovation and development hubs located close to consumers in key geographic markets. We have built extensive capabilities through our translational science and consumer insights teams to understand the key needs and current challenges of our consumers and healthcare professionals, ensuring our products are centered around human empathy. Throughout our end-to-end organization, we have continuous touchpoints with our consumers and healthcare professionals, utilizing a suite of digital tools to ensure we hear from them regardless of their location. Our insights, design, marketing, and research teams then leverage these consumer insights to identify key unmet needs and potential product opportunities. Supply Chain and Manufacturing Our global and balanced manufacturing footprint provides us with the flexibility and agility to benefit from economies of scale and global supply chain agreements, enabling us to grow our business and expand margins. We modernize and optimize our supply chain operations while better connecting with and serving our customers. Our end-to-end, digitally connected supply chain ecosystem is designed to optimize the flexibility and agility of our route-to-market. Reliability and resiliency remain our priority throughout our fit-for-purpose supply chain, ensuring that we can deliver our products to our customers and consumers whenever and wherever they need them. Our supply chain network is purpose-built to deploy resources across the globe where they are most needed. We optimize our sourcing, manufacturing, and demand planning capabilities to meet evolving market dynamics. Our extensive distribution network and sales organization enable us to establish strategic partnerships with key suppliers and retailers across multiple markets and channels, where we further leverage our scale to drive flexible manufacturing capacity and supply chain optimization. We believe this approach builds and supports our resilience across economic cycles and allows us to prioritize or expand our geographic focus based on our strategic priorities. Sources and Availability of Materials We maintain global operations and work with a vast supplier base. The principal raw materials used in our products include resins, silicon, pulp and corn derivatives, paper, agrochemicals, vegetable oils, and oleochemicals. The majority of raw and 7 packaging materials used are purchased from third parties and available from several sources. We do purchase certain raw and packaging materials from single-source suppliers or a limited number of suppliers; however, no single supplier provides a significant portion of our total material requirements. Certain raw and packaging material commodities are subject to market price variations. For further information regarding the impact of changes in commodity prices, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Operations Volatility in the cost or availability of raw materials and other inputs for our products, including due to military conflicts, has adversely affected, and could in the future continue to adversely affect us. Manufacturing Footprint Our in-house manufacturing footprint delivered approximately 60% of our sales volume during the fiscal year 2025, with the remaining sales volume being supplied by an extensive network of external manufacturing facilities operated by trusted third-party suppliers. This combination provides us with significant operational flexibility enhancing our ability to respond to demand while optimizing capital allocation. Warehousing and Distribution Capabilities Our distribution network is designed to respond to increasingly complex consumer and customer demand. The majority of our distribution centers are operated in partnership with expert third-party operators in order to leverage their scale, expertise, and technology platforms. In all cases, whether in-house or external, our distribution centers must comply with our rigorous quality compliance standards and are subject to our audit process. Quality Control and Compliance With a rigorous approach to product safety and quality control, we have a strong culture of quality across our end-to-end organization enhanced by rigorous compliance procedures. We invest in quality systems and data analytics platforms to further drive proactive quality management and improve the effectiveness of our quality control system. Suppliers are key partners in our commitment to quality and therefore are expected to provide services and goods that consistently meet our quality standards. In order to ensure compliance with our high-quality standards, we conduct regular quality audits of our supplier base and their facilities. Our supply chain is also subject to external audits by national regulatory bodies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), which conduct multiple regulatory inspections every year. Competition The consumer health and personal care sectors are large and dynamic, with a significant number of competitors that vary from well-established consumer packaged goods ( CPG ) companies with well-known legacy businesses globally to emerging niche-oriented brands. Given the breadth of our portfolio and global footprint, we compete with a broad set of competitors that include 1) consumer healthcare businesses that are either independent or part of larger pharmaceutical groups, 2) global CPG companies that operate in similar or adjacent categories, 3) regional companies that operate in our categories within the markets in which we compete, 4) generic OTC manufacturers and retailers , including our customers , private-label brands in both traditional retail and online, and 5) emerging niche-oriented brands in our categories with distribution either through traditional retail, online, or direct-to-consumer ( DTC ) channels. Across our three reportable business segments, we experience significant degrees of competition. Our key competitors for each segment globally include: Self Care. Haleon, Procter Gamble, Reckitt Benckiser Group, and private-label brands Skin Health and Beauty . Beiersdorf, Est e Lauder, L Or al, Procter Gamble, Unilever, and private-label brands Essential Health . Church Dwight, Colgate-Palmolive, Haleon, Kimberly-Clark, Procter Gamble, and private-label brands See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors for additional information on our competitive risks. 8 Healthy Lives Mission Kenvue s Healthy Lives Mission, our sustainability strategy, includes public targets and is designed to effectively govern and manage impacts and risks while also enabling us to identify opportunities that accelerate innovation and profitable growth and drive business value for all our stakeholders. Our Healthy Lives Mission is our call for everyday care in action, and we are focused on priority areas for which we have established goals and commitments to hold ourselves accountable and demonstrate progress as outlined in our annual Healthy Lives Mission Report. We will continue to provide more details about our progress in our annual Healthy Lives Mission Report. For more information on our climate-related risks and opportunities informed by the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ), see our TCFD Report, which will be reviewed and updated periodically. Our Healthy Lives Mission Report and TCFD Report are available at kenvue.com/our-commitments . References to our Healthy Lives Mission Report or TCFD Report are for informational purposes only, and neither the Healthy Lives Mission Report, TCFD Report, nor the other information on our website is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Governance Practices Our Board of Directors (the Board ) has adopted Principles of Corporate Governance that, together with our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Amended and Restated Bylaws, and Board Committee charters, provide a framework for our Board s corporate governance practices. In addition, among other policies, our Board has adopted a Kenvue Code of Conduct designed to provide employees with guidance on our compliance policies and a Code of Business Conduct Ethics for Members of our Board of Directors and Executive Officers that sets forth additional guidelines applicable to members of our Board and Kenvue s executive officers, both of which can be found on our website at investors.kenvue.com/governance/governance-documents/ . Human Capital Company Culture At Kenvue, we strive to build a culture of performance that rewards impact. We are united by a common Purpose to realize the extraordinary power of everyday care and anchored in our core values: 1) we put people first, 2) we care fiercely, 3) we earn trust with science, and 4) we solve with courage. We strive to provide an environment where every employee (or Kenvuer) can be at their best, do meaningful work in service of our customers and consumers, be inspired by a strong sense of belonging and meaningful growth opportunities, and be rewarded for their impact. Our People As of December 28, 2025, we had approximately 22,000 employees, with approximately 23% located in North America, 28% in EMEA, 30% in APAC, and 19% in LATAM. Approximately 99% of our global employees were full-time and 1% were part-time. Our global workforce covers a broad range of functions, with manufacturing employees making up 23% of our workforce. At Kenvue, we believe everyday care is for everyone, everywhere. We recognize the importance of innovation in our industry to meet the evolving needs of our consumers globally, and we remain focused on having the right capabilities and a workforce that is reflective of the global consumers we serve. We believe that capitalizing on a multitude of perspectives helps us drive innovation and deliver solutions that exceed customer expectations and creates long-term value. Our Code of Conduct specifically articulates our responsibility to create an inclusive environment and to respect the dignity and differences of all people. We foster an inclusive and trusting workplace that allows each Kenvuer to maximize contributions to their work, the company culture, and their communities. Our talent practices aim to drive higher levels of transparency, empowerment, and accountability that enables superior performance through high levels of engagement. We have initiatives in place to help ensure our hiring practices are fair, consistent, objective, and do not discriminate based on any legally protected category, so that our employees design and create everyday care products that are accessible to everyone. We base talent decisions only on merit, considering qualifications, experience, skills, performance, and achievements. Additionally, we nurture a sense of belonging for Kenvuers through numerous employee resource groups known as Kenvuer Impact Networks, mentorship programs, and other initiatives that are open to all Kenvuers. 9 Learning and Development We invest in the learning and development of all Kenvuers to ensure their skills remain relevant and keep pace with the rapid evolution in the marketplace. Learning to develop functional and/or leadership skills can happen in different ways, including on-the-job, on special assignment, and e-learning or in-classroom training. Ultimately, our aim is to ensure this ongoing commitment to development and growth yields superior performance and higher levels of engagement that differentiates us from our competitors. Engagement We believe that an engaged workforce is more likely to deliver higher levels of performance and further differentiates us in the marketplace. We believe that open and honest communication among all team members creates a collaborative and inclusive work environment. We regularly conduct surveys that gauge Kenvuer sentiment in areas such as strategic alignment, execution, inclusion, effectiveness of our people leaders, and career development. We also strive to actively support the communities we serve worldwide, as well as those in which Kenvuers live and work, through strategic investments. Kenvue Cares, our global employee volunteer program, is just one way in which we connect our passionate purpose-driven workforce to fulfill our potential and create possibilities. We make financial contributions, provide in-kind charitable product donations, and volunteer the time of team members to help non-profit organizations achieve their goals and generate societal impact. Total Rewards We offer compensation, benefits, and well-being programs designed to attract, develop, and retain top talent in a highly competitive environment. We reward and recognize superior performance and closely align Kenvuer compensation with company and individual performance. Our total rewards programs are designed to provide base pay that is competitive for a Kenvuer s position considering skill level, experience, geographic location, and other business-related factors. In addition to base pay, we seek to motivate and reward Kenvuers with annual cash incentives and equity-based awards, depending on job level. Additionally, we periodically benchmark to help ensure Kenvue s compensation programs remain competitive, and we regularly assess the appropriateness of employee pay based on skills, expertise, education, and tenure. We offer competitive benefits packages, which vary by country and region, in support of the physical, emotional, and financial well-being of Kenvuers. These benefits packages may include retirement plans, life insurance, medical and dental insurance, health savings accounts, well-being reimbursement programs, adoption assistance, fertility benefits, and parental and family leave. In addition, we offer flexible work arrangements that enable agile ways of working and promote inclusion, health, well-being, empowerment, and accountability. We strive to create an environment where Kenvuers feel a strong sense of belonging, are empowered to care for their health and well-being and that of their families, can grow and have fulfilling careers, and are recognized and valued for their contributions. Workplace Safety Within our facilities, we have processes to identify potential safety risks and develop and implement controls to mitigate possible exposure to hazards. We support Kenvuers with general safety training and have implemented specific programs for those working in potentially high-risk environments. Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, including trademarks, trade secrets, patents and copyrights, as well as rights to third-party intellectual property pursuant to licenses and other contracts, to establish, maintain, protect, and enforce the intellectual property and other proprietary information used in our business. Establishing, maintaining, protecting, and enforcing our intellectual property and other proprietary rights in the United States and around the world is important to our success, and we consider these rights, in the aggregate, to be material to our business. To facilitate the Separation and enable our operations to continue with minimal interruption following the Separation, J J has granted licenses to use certain intellectual property rights retained by J J that we used in the conduct of its business prior to the Separation, including the Johnson Johnson name and signature and other legacy J J branding. These licenses provide for terms of varying durations based on our particular use of a licensed intellectual property right. For additional information about 10 these licenses, see the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2025 Proxy Statement ). Our brands are critical to our success, and trademark protection is an important part of establishing and maintaining brand recognition for our products in the United States and around the world. The vast majority of our Net sales are derived from products bearing proprietary trademarks and trade names. These trademarks and trade names convey that the products we sell are brand name products. We seek to obtain protection for these trademarks and trade names by all appropriate means, and we consider them, in the aggregate, to be material to our business. For trademarks registered in the United States, a Declaration of Use must be filed between the fifth and sixth years after initial registration, then may be renewed in the 10th year, and renewed every 10 years after that, so long as the mark is still being used in commerce. Trademarks registered in other countries generally have varying terms and renewal policies. We actively file and maintain a portfolio of patents in the United States and around the world and seek to obtain and enforce patent protection by all appropriate means. While we consider these patents, and the protection thereof, to be important, we do not consider any single patent to be material to the success of our business, and we do not expect the expiration of any single patent to have a material impact on the success of our business. The terms of our issued patents extend for varying periods dependent upon the date of filing and type of patent application and the legal term for patents in the various countries where patent protection is granted. Government Regulations We are subject to extensive government regulations in the United States and around the world. U.S. federal authorities, including the FDA, the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ), the Consumer Product Safety Commission (the CPSC ), the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (the OSHA ), the Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA ), and the Drug Enforcement Administration (the DEA ), regulate various aspects of our business, along with parallel authorities at the state and local levels and comparable authorities in other jurisdictions. Government regulations in the United States and around the world apply to many areas of our business, including most aspects of our products. It is our policy and practice to comply with all government regulations applicable to our business. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and complying with applicable national and local regulations in the United States and around the world is complex, time-consuming, and costly and may impact our business strategies. In addition, the global regulatory landscape is subject to rapid and unexpected changes, and there has been a general trend toward increasingly stringent regulation and enforcement around the world in recent years. For additional information about risks associated with government regulations, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings. New or more stringent laws or regulations, more restrictive interpretations of existing laws or regulations, or increased enforcement actions by governmental and regulatory agencies around the world could increase our ongoing costs of compliance, alter the environment in which we do business, or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We have products in a number of different regulatory classifications, and these classifications and their application to our products may vary from market to market. Accordingly, certain of our products are subject to varying levels of regulation in different geographic markets. The following description discusses the material effects of the regulatory landscape applicable to our business, with particular focus on the United States, the European Union (the EU ), and China, which are some of our key geographic markets for our business from a regulatory perspective and markets that we believe are representative of the material differences in the regulation of our business across the various geographic markets in which we operate. Quality and Safety The FDA and comparable authorities in other jurisdictions regulate the facilities and operational procedures that we use to manufacture our products. We are required to register our facilities with these authorities. Products are required to be manufactured in our facilities in accordance with current Good Manufacturing Practices ( cGMP ) or similar manufacturing standards in each country in which we manufacture products. In addition, many of our products are subject to regulation by the CPSC under the Poison Prevention Packaging Act (the PPPA ), the Consumer Product Safety Act, the Federal Hazardous Substances Act, and other laws enforced by the CPSC. These statutes and related regulations establish safety standards and bans for consumer products. Certain state laws also address the safety of consumer products and may mandate reporting or labeling requirements. Noncompliance with these laws may result in penalties or other regulatory action and related reputational harm. 11 Drug Products In order to market and sell a new drug product in the United States, a manufacturer must 1) file a New Drug Application ( NDA ) that shows the quality, safety, and effectiveness of the new drug, 2) file an Abbreviated NDA that demonstrates the equivalence of a generic product to another company s branded drug product, or 3) comply with the FDA s monograph system. Most of our OTC products marketed in the United States are regulated pursuant to the FDA s monograph system. The monographs establish the conditions, such as active ingredients, uses (indications), doses, labeling, and testing, under which an OTC drug is generally recognized as safe and effective and can be marketed without an NDA and FDA premarket approval. Products marketed under the OTC monograph system are required to conform to specific quality, formula, and labeling requirements. Monograph drug products that do not comply with these standards can be deemed unapproved new drugs and can be required to be withdrawn from the market. The Over-the-Counter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act (the OTC Monograph Reform Act ) established an Administrative Order Process for issuing, revising, and amending OTC monographs. Under the OTC Monograph Reform Act, the FDA can also require manufacturers to conduct additional testing to ensure the safety and efficacy of monograph drug products. For example, in September 2021, the FDA issued a Proposed Order Amending the OTC Monograph for Sunscreen Drug Products requiring additional data for certain ingredients to ensure their safety. In addition, certain of our OTC products, including certain Imodium , Motrin , Pepcid , and Zyrtec products, are approved by the FDA through the NDA process rather than through the monograph system. In addition, the DEA regulates certain of our OTC products containing pseudoephedrine ( PSE ), such as Sudafed and Zyrtec-D , pursuant to the Combat Methamphetamine Epidemic Act (the CMEA ). Among other requirements, the CMEA sets daily and 30-day sales limits for PSE products purchased by consumers. We are also subject to similar regulations at the state level. Our OTC products containing PSE are also subject to heightened regulatory regimes in other jurisdictions around the world. In the EU, our OTC products, including Nicorette products that are not marketed by us in the United States, are subject to extensive pre- and post-marketing regulation by regulatory authorities at both the EU and EU Member State level. There are several administrative mechanisms to request regulatory approval of OTC products, including 1) the standalone national procedure for authorization in a single EU Member State, 2) the mutual recognition procedure, which is used when a product is already authorized in at least one EU Member State and approval is sought in at least one other EU Member State, and 3) the decentralized procedure, which is used when a product has not yet been authorized in the EU and authorization is sought simultaneously in several EU Member States. Certain of our products in certain jurisdictions may be regulated as prescription medications. For example, in the EU, medications containing PSE have historically been regulated as OTC products. During the fiscal twelve months ended December 29, 2024, Belgium, Luxembourg, and France changed the regulatory status of medications containing PSE from OTC to prescription-only. In China, our OTC products are regulated by the National Medical Products Administration (the NMPA ), which is the primary authority for the safety and registration of medicines, medical devices, and cosmetics. Cosmetics A number of our products marketed in the United States, including many of our products in the Skin Health and Beauty segment, are considered cosmetics regulated by the FDA through the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and the Fair Packaging and Labeling Act. Our cosmetic products include certain products under our Aveeno , Neutrogena , Lubriderm , and Johnson s brands and certain of our Listerine mouthwash products. Cosmetics are not subject to premarket approval by the FDA, but certain ingredients, such as certain color additives, are required to be preauthorized, and the FDA seeks to ensure cosmetic products are not adulterated or misbranded. If the safety of a product or its ingredients has not been adequately substantiated, an appropriate warning label is required to be included on the product. Other warnings may also be mandated pursuant to FDA regulations. The FDA monitors compliance of cosmetic products with applicable regulations through market surveillance and inspection of cosmetic manufacturers and distributors to ensure that products do not contain false or misleading labeling, are not adulterated, and are not manufactured under unsanitary conditions. Inspections also may arise from consumer or competitor complaints filed with the FDA. In the event that the FDA determines that one of our products fails to comply with FDA regulations, we may be required, or we may independently decide, to conduct a recall or market withdrawal of that product or to correct the failure by making changes to that product, including its manufacturing, formulation, or label. In addition, the Modernization of Cosmetics Regulation Act, enacted in December 2022, expanded the FDA s regulatory authority over cosmetic products, including by providing the FDA with new mandatory recall authority over cosmetics and by requiring the registration of cosmetic manufacturing facilities, the reporting of certain adverse events, the issuance of cGMP requirements, and the establishment of safety substantiation requirements. 12 In addition, certain of our cosmetic products, including those containing low-viscosity hydrocarbons such as baby oil, are regulated by the CPSC under the PPPA. See Quality and Safety above. Medical Devices Medical devices are subject to regulation in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Although there is variation among jurisdictions in how our products are classified, medical devices are broadly defined as products which a manufacturer intends to be used to treat, cure, prevent, mitigate, or diagnose disease. Medical devices generally achieve their purpose by physical modes of action; the principal intended action may not be pharmacological, immunological, or metabolic. Certain of our products marketed in the United States, such as BAND-AID Brand Adhesive Bandages (including Ourtone Adhesive Bandages) and Listerine Clinical Solutions Sensitive Teeth mouthrinse, are medical devices regulated by the FDA through a system that, unless exempt, requires us to receive premarket clearance for commercial distribution known as a 510(k) clearance. To obtain 510(k) clearance, a device is required to be determined to be substantially equivalent in intended use and in safety and efficacy to a benchmark device, or predicate, that is already legally in commercial distribution. Any modification to a 510(k) cleared device that could significantly affect its safety or efficacy or that would constitute a change in its intended use generally requires a new 510(k) clearance. If we determine that a new 510(k) clearance is not required but the FDA subsequently disagrees, the FDA may retroactively require us to obtain a new 510(k) clearance and may require us to cease marketing, or conduct a recall, of the modified device until the new 510(k) clearance is obtained. In the EU, the Medical Device Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/745) allows manufacturers to self-certify compliance of certain medical devices by submitting notifications to the competent authority, with files open to inspection by a competent authority. For other medical devices, a third-party organization designated by an EU Member State must certify. In addition, all approved products and their manufacturers are subject to re-review on periodic cycles of up to every five years. In recent years, we have also introduced certain connected health offerings as non-medical device apps, including certain products that are not offered in the United States and, as such, are not regulated as medical devices by the health authorities in the countries in which they are offered. Any determination that medical device clearance is required for a product that we currently offer as a non-medical device may cause us to cease marketing, or conduct a recall, of the modified product until such clearance is obtained. In China, locally manufactured medical devices gain market authorization through municipal authorities, while medical devices that are not manufactured in China are reviewed by the NMPA and must be accompanied by appropriate documentation showing that the device has been approved in its country of origin. Dietary Supplements Some of our products, including those under the Lactaid and Zarbee s brands, that are marketed in the United States are considered dietary supplement products and are governed by the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994, which defines and regulates dietary supplements. A comparable regulatory regime operates in the EU, where dietary supplements, including some of our products under the Zarbee s brand, are regulated as food products pursuant to the Food Supplements Directive 2002/46/EC. Most EU Member States have implemented notification procedures that require reporting prior to or immediately after the commencement of sales of a dietary supplement. Labeling and Product Claims We are subject to various laws on labeling and product claims, including with respect to the characteristics, quality, safety, performance, and benefits of our products. We typically are required to have a reasonable basis to support any factual marketing claims, and what constitutes a reasonable basis for substantiation can vary widely from market to market and from product to product. For example, while cosmetic labeling does not require FDA premarket approval, the FDA regulates cosmetic labeling claims and monitors, and takes action against, claims that are not truthful, are misleading, or make medicinal claims. The FDA is also responsible for taking action against any misbranded dietary supplement product after it reaches the market. In addition, while our labeling and advertising claims for our monograph drug products, such as certain Benadryl , Neutrogena , and Tylenol products, and advertising claims for NDA products are not subject to approval by the FDA, labeling claims for our NDA products, such as certain Imodium , Motrin , Pepcid , and Zyrtec products, are approved by the FDA. In certain circumstances, we may also be subject to additional regulations depending on the nature of the labeling and product claims. For example, the U.S. Department of Agriculture enforces federal standards for organic production and use of the term organic on product labeling. The FTC regulates the use of endorsements and testimonials in advertising as well as relationships between us, on the one hand, and advertisers and influencers, on the other hand, pursuant to principles described in the FTC s Guides Concerning the Use of 13 Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising (the Endorsement Guides ). The Endorsement Guides provide that an endorsement should reflect the honest opinion of the endorser and cannot be used to make a claim about a product that the product s marketer could not itself legally make. The Endorsement Guides also stipulate that, if there is a connection between an endorser and the marketer that consumers would not expect and this connection would affect how consumers evaluate the endorsement, then that connection should be disclosed. If our advertising claims or claims made by our social media influencers or by other endorsers with whom we have a material connection do not comply with the Endorsement Guides or any requirements of the Federal Trade Commission Act of 1914 (the FTC Act ) or similar state requirements, then the FTC and state authorities could subject us to investigations and enforcement actions, impose penalties, require us to pay monetary consumer redress, require us to revise our marketing materials, or require us to accept burdensome injunctions, any of which could adversely affect us. Furthermore, the National Advertising Division (the NAD ) of the Better Business Bureau administers a self-regulatory program of the advertising industry to ensure truth and accuracy in national advertising. The NAD monitors national advertising and entertains inquiries and challenges from competitors and consumers. We are also subject to various state consumer protection laws, including California s Proposition 65, which requires a specific warning on any product that contains a substance listed by California as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects, unless the level of such substance in the product is below a safe harbor level, and we may be subject to investigations by the various state attorneys general who enforce those consumer protection laws. For example, in November 2025, we received a non-public Civil Investigative Demand ( CID ) from the Attorney General of the State of Texas pursuant to the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices-Consumer Protection Act. The CID seeks documents related to certain Aveeno Baby products that are labelled as hypoallergenic. Although we will produce documents and information responsive to the CID, efforts to ensure that we are and remain compliant with the various state consumer protection laws may involve substantial costs, and we cannot predict the outcome of any such investigations or their potential impact on our business. In the EU, advertising of products is subject both to general consumer advertising requirements pursuant to the Unfair Commercial Practices Directive (Directive 2005/29/EC), which imposes a general prohibition on misleading and aggressive advertising, as well as more specific regulations in respect of various product classifications. For example, pursuant to Directive 2001/83/EC, advertisements of our OTC products must, among other requirements, 1) be set out in such a way that it is clear that the message is an advertisement and that the product is clearly identified as a medicinal product, 2) not refer to claims of recovery in improper, alarming, or misleading terms, and 3) not suggest that the effects of taking the medicine are guaranteed, are unaccompanied by adverse reactions or are better than, or equivalent to, those of another treatment or medicinal product. The EU has also established a legal framework for cosmetic labeling claims based on the Cosmetics Product Regulation (Regulation (EC) No. 1223/2009). So-called responsible persons must ensure that a cosmetic product made available on the market is safe for human health when used under normal or reasonably foreseeable conditions, taking into account presentation, labeling, instructions for use and disposal, and any other indication or information provided by the responsible person. In China, advertisements of OTC products must, among other requirements, include an OTC marking and must not contain difficult or confusing medical or pharmaceutical terms that could mislead the public about a product s efficacy or safety. Pricing Our activities are subject to a variety of price control laws and regulations in some of the markets in which we operate. The range and extent of these price control mechanisms vary by market. In addition, price control laws or regulations may become more stringent during times of uncertain or unfavorable economic or market conditions, such as during times of economic slowdown, recession, or inflation. Environment, Health, and Safety The EPA and parallel state and local authorities in the United States, as well as comparable authorities around the world, enforce a broad range of environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we manufacture and sell our products or otherwise operate our business. These include requirements governing product content and labeling; the handling, manufacture, transportation, storage, use, and disposal of chemicals and other hazardous materials and wastes; the discharge and emission of pollutants; and the cleanup of contamination in the environment. For more information on the broad range of environmental, health, and safety laws that Kenvue is subject to, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings We are subject to a broad range of environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, and the impact of any obligations under these laws and regulations could adversely affect us. We are also subject to extensive and evolving regulations regarding the manufacturing, processing, distribution, importing, exporting, registration, and labeling of our products and their raw materials. In the EU, the Registration, Evaluation, 14 Authorisation, and Restriction of Chemicals ( REACH ) regulations came into effect in 2007, with implementation rolling out over time. Registered chemicals then can be subject to further evaluation and potential restrictions. Since the promulgation of REACH, other countries have enacted or are in the process of implementing similar comprehensive chemical regulations. Our operations are also subject to regulation under the OSHA and parallel state and local occupational health and safety standards, as well as occupational health and safety standards applicable to our operations in other jurisdictions. These standards establish certain employer responsibilities, including requirements to maintain a workplace free of recognized hazards likely to cause serious injury or death, certain medical and hygiene standards, licensing, and permitting obligations and various recordkeeping, disclosure, and procedural requirements, such as Turkey and the United Kingdom. Privacy and Data Protection We are subject to increasingly complex and changing privacy and data protection laws and regulations in the United States and around the world that impose broad compliance obligations on the collection, transmission, dissemination, use, privacy, confidentiality, security, retention, availability, integrity, and other processing of health-related and other sensitive and personal information. In the United States, we are subject to a growing number of privacy and data protection laws and regulations, the specific requirements of which vary from state to state. We are also subject to federal health information privacy laws. Outside the United States, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (the EU GDPR ) and the United Kingdom s General Data Protection Regulation ( U.K. GDPR ), together with national legislation, regulations, and guidelines of the EU Member States and the United Kingdom governing the processing of personal data, impose strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, analyze, store, transfer, and otherwise process personal data, including health data and adverse event reporting. In China, we are subject to the Personal Information Protection Law (the PIPL ), which applies to the processing of personal information of natural persons within China, the processing of personal information outside China where the purpose is to provide products and services within China, and the analysis or assessment of the activities of individuals within China. While similar to the EU GDPR, the PIPL contains unique requirements not found in the EU GDPR. In addition, we are subject to China s Cybersecurity Law, which establishes its overall security framework, and China s Data Security Law, which aims to protect the security of processed data. Additional privacy and data protection laws and regulations are being adopted around the world, including in other jurisdictions in which we operate, and privacy enforcement by governmental authorities globally, particularly on data localization requirements and international data flows, has increased in recent years. Compliance with these new and changing laws has impacted, and may in the future impact, our business strategies, and unforeseen changes to privacy laws may affect our ability to tailor and personalize our products and services to meet our strategic goals or consumer expectations, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Anti-Corruption We are subject to various anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), that generally prohibit companies from promising, offering, or giving anything of value to foreign officials with the corrupt intent of influencing the foreign official for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or gaining any improper advantage. Similar to the U.S. application and enforcement of the FCPA, various jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations, including the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 and Chinese anti-corruption laws, aimed at preventing and penalizing corrupt behavior. In addition, our interactions and financial relationships with healthcare professionals and government officials (including individuals acting on behalf of hospitals or other institutions owned or controlled by a government body) are subject to varying degrees of regulation and restriction in the jurisdictions in which we operate. These regulations and restrictions are generally intended to protect against corruption and conflicts of interest in connection with the expenditure of government funds and to ensure fairness and transparency in their legislative, regulatory, and procurement processes. Other Regulations We are also subject to a variety of other laws and regulations in the United States and around the world. For example, we must comply with an increasing number of laws designed to combat abuses of human rights in our value chain. In addition, our selling practices are regulated by competition law authorities in the United States and around the world. We are also subject to laws and sanctions imposed by the United States (including those imposed by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control) and other authorities that may prohibit us or our affiliates from doing business in certain countries or restrict the type of business that may be conducted by us or our affiliates. In addition, we are subject to trade controls (including import and export restrictions, such as tariffs, sanctions, quotas, or trade barriers) imposed by the United States and other jurisdictions around the world. Enforcement activities under these laws and regulations could subject us to additional administrative and legal proceedings and actions, which could include claims for civil penalties, criminal sanctions, and administrative remedies. 15 Seasonality While seasonality has a limited impact on the Net sales within our consolidated results, we are subject to certain degrees of seasonal sale fluctuations. For example, in our Self Care segment, certain of our OTC products, such as Motrin and Tylenol , are typically purchased more frequently in preparation for the cold and flu season in the winter or, in the case of Benadryl and Zyrtec , during high allergy seasons in the spring and the fall. In addition, in our Skin Health and Beauty segment, sales of our products that contain SPF are typically higher in preparation for the summer, and sales of our products that contain moisturizers are typically higher in the fall and the winter. Finally, in our Essential Health segment, certain of our wound care products are typically purchased more frequently in the summer months. Available Information Our main corporate website address is kenvue.com . Our SEC filings are available free of charge on our investor relations website at investors.kenvue.com as soon as reasonably practicable after having been electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. We file annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports, proxy statements, and other documents with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy statements, information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at https://www.sec.gov . We encourage investors and others interested in the Company to review the information posted to our investor relations site, our SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, and webcasts. Use of Website to Provide Information From time to time, we have used, and expect in the future to use, our website as a means of disclosing material information to the public in a broad, non-exclusionary manner, including for purposes of the SEC s Regulation Fair Disclosure (Reg FD). Financial and other material information regarding the Company, including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, is routinely posted on our website and accessible, free of charge, at investors.kenvue.com . In order to receive notifications regarding new postings to our website, investors are encouraged to enroll on our website to receive automatic email alerts. None of the information on our website is incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other filings we make with the SEC. 16 Item 1A. Risk Factors Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in Kenvue speculative or risky: Risks Related to the Proposed Transaction with K-C If the Proposed Transaction is consummated, the combined company may not perform as expected and may fail to realize the projected benefits and cost savings of the Proposed Transaction, which could adversely affect the value of K-C common stock, which our current shareholders will own following the completion of the Proposed Transaction. Failure to consummate, or a delay in the consummation of, the Proposed Transaction. Uncertainties associated with the Proposed Transaction may cause a loss of management and other key employees. Our shareholders will have a significantly reduced ownership and voting interest in the combined company. Litigation against us or K-C, or the members of our or K-C s board of directors. The Merger Agreement restricts our ability to pursue alternatives to the Proposed Transaction. Regulatory approvals may delay the Proposed Transaction or may diminish its benefits. The number of shares of K-C common stock issuable in the First Merger in respect of one share of our common stock is fixed and will not be adjusted. Because the market price of K-C common stock may fluctuate, our shareholders cannot be sure of the market value of the stock consideration they will receive in exchange for their shares. If the Proposed Transaction fails to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), our shareholders may pay additional U.S. federal income taxes. Uncertainties associated with the Proposed Transaction may disrupt our business. The Proposed Transaction s consummation is expected to trigger change-in-control or other provisions. Failure to integrate our and K-C s businesses and operations successfully in the expected time frame. The Merger Agreement restricts certain business activities prior to the effective time of the Proposed Transaction. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant costs in connection with the Proposed Transaction. The Proposed Transaction may result in a loss of customers, distributors, service providers, suppliers, vendors, joint venture participants, and other business counterparties and may result in the termination of existing contracts. Risks Related to Our Business, Industry, and Operations Damage to our or our brands reputation could impact our brand loyalty with consumers, customers, and third parties. We face intense competition, including from multinational corporations, smaller regional companies, private-label brands, and generic non-branded products, in each of our reportable business segments and product lines and across all geographic markets in which we operate. Our ability to both innovate successfully and anticipate, understand, and respond appropriately to market trends, rapidly changing consumer and customer preferences, and shifting demand for our products. Our marketing efforts may be costly and inefficient and may not successfully defend, maintain, or improve our reputation, our brands, or our market share positions in existing or new markets. Expanding our global operations requires significant resources and expenses, and we may not succeed due to various commercial, operational, and legal challenges associated with conducting business globally. We may face challenges in implementing our digital strategy across all aspects of our operations, and our digital strategy may lead us to pursue new offerings and expose us to digital-related risks. Uncertainty in the development, deployment, use, and regulation of artificial intelligence in our internal processes, manufacturing operations, products, and services, as well as our business more broadly, could adversely affect us. Failure to realize benefits of acquisitions and divestitures we have pursued or may pursue could adversely affect us. The threats of counterfeit products, infringement of our intellectual property, and other unauthorized versions of our products, which pose a risk to consumer health and safety and could damage our reputation. Our reliance on third parties in many aspects of our business, including to manufacture products, inherently involves a lesser degree of control over business operations, compliance matters, and cybersecurity. Disruptions to our manufacturing or supplier operations could adversely affect us. 17 Inflationary pressures and related volatility in the cost or availability of raw materials and other inputs for our products, including due to military conflicts, tariffs, and other adverse economic or market conditions. Information security incidents, including cybersecurity breaches, interruption, breakdown, corruption, destruction, breach, or failure of Technology Systems (as defined below) operated by us or a third party, which could result in reputational damage, operational disruption, and significant associated costs. Our ability to attract and retain a skilled workforce, reflecting our consumers, and to implement succession plans. Risks Related to Government Regulation, Legal Proceedings, and Financial and Economic Market Conditions Our ability to comply with a broad range of laws and regulations, and other stakeholder requirements globally, including rapidly evolving requirements related to tax, trade, tariffs, manufacturing, ingredients, climate change, sustainability, the environment, privacy, data protection, artificial intelligence, anti-corruption, and human rights. We are, and could become, subject to legal proceedings and governmental or regulatory investigations that may result in significant expenses, liabilities (potentially in excess of accruals), and reputational damage. Concerns about the reliability, safety, and efficacy of our products and their ingredients, including acetaminophen, talc, and phenylephrine, have resulted and could in the future result in litigation, regulatory action, governmental investigations, reputational damage, product recalls, product reformulations, or product withdrawals, whether or not such concerns are based on scientific or factual evidence we believe is sound. Our ability to successfully establish, maintain, protect, and enforce intellectual property rights and our ability to successfully avoid violation of the intellectual property rights of others. Risks associated with conducting business globally, including foreign currency risks and impacts on our business related to ongoing and possible future conflicts, geopolitical events, or adverse economic or market conditions. Risks Related to Our Relationship with J J Our historical financial information may not necessarily reflect the results that we would have achieved as an independent, publicly traded company or what our results may be in the future. We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the Separation. We are subject to potential tax-related liabilities to J J for taxes attributable to our business. Our continued use of legacy J J branding, including ongoing use of the Johnson s brand. The transfer of certain assets, liabilities, and contracts from J J to us contemplated by the Separation has not been completed and may be significantly delayed or not occur at all. We may not be able to replace necessary manufacturing operations, systems, and services when the transition services agreement (the Transition Services Agreement ) and the transition manufacturing agreement (the Transition Manufacturing Agreement, and, together with the Transition Services Agreement, the Transition Agreements ) we entered into with J J in connection with the Separation expire or otherwise terminate. We may incur indemnification obligations to J J, including for potentially uncapped amounts, for certain liabilities relating to our business activities. J J has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities, including the Talc-Related Liabilities (as defined below) for products sold in the United States and Canada, but such indemnity may not be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities or J J may be unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock The stock price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, including as a result of the Proposed Transaction. We have debt obligations that impose certain restrictions on our business. We are a holding company and depend on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other payments and distributions to us in order to meet our obligations. An investment in our securities involves risks and uncertainties. In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should consider carefully the factors set forth below. We seek to identify, manage, and mitigate risks to our business, but risks and uncertainties are difficult to predict and many are outside of our control and therefore cannot be eliminated. You should be aware that it is not possible to predict or identify all of these factors and that the following is not meant to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way. 18 Risks Related to the Proposed Transaction with K-C If the Proposed Transaction is consummated, the combined company may not perform as we or the market expects and may fail to realize the projected benefits and cost savings of the Proposed Transaction, which could adversely affect the value of K-C common stock, which our shareholders will own following the completion of the Proposed Transaction. The success of the Proposed Transaction will depend, in part, on K-C s ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining our and K-C s respective businesses, including operational and other synergies that we believe the combined company will be able to achieve. The anticipated benefits and cost savings of the Proposed Transaction may not be realized fully or at all, may take longer to realize than expected, or could have other adverse effects that we do not currently foresee. Risks associated with the combined company following the Proposed Transaction include: the integration process will require significant time and focus from management following the Proposed Transaction and may, for the combined company, result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing businesses, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies; key employees might decide not to remain with the combined company after the Proposed Transaction is completed, and the loss of key personnel could adversely affect the combined company s results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects the results of operations of the combined company and the market price of the combined company s common stock after the completion of the Proposed Transaction may be affected by factors different from those currently affecting each of our and K-C s independent results of operations; there could be potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses associated with the Proposed Transaction that were not discovered in the course of performing due diligence; and the issuance of shares of the K-C common stock in the Proposed Transaction could depress the market price for the combined company s common stock. In addition, in connection with the Proposed Transaction, K-C is expected to incur significant additional indebtedness to finance the Cash Consideration (as defined in Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Proposed Transaction with Kimberly-Clark to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein) and pay fees and expenses relating to the Proposed Transaction. This increased indebtedness will reduce the amount of cash flow available to service K-C s debt, including any of our debt assumed by K-C in connection with the Proposed Transaction, in future periods. If the combined company s cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund debt service obligations, it could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital, or restructure or refinance its indebtedness. Failure to consummate the Proposed Transaction, or a delay in the consummation of the Proposed Transaction, could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price. The Merger Agreement is subject to a number of conditions that must be fulfilled to complete the Proposed Transaction. Those conditions include, among others, certain regulatory approvals, the absence of government restraints or prohibitions preventing the completion of the Proposed Transaction, the approval of the stock portion of the Merger Consideration (as defined in Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Proposed Transaction with Kimberly-Clark, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein) for listing on Nasdaq, the continued accuracy of the representations and warranties by both parties, and the performance in all material respects by both parties of their obligations under the Merger Agreement. A number of the conditions are not within our control and may prevent, delay, or otherwise materially adversely affect the consummation of the Proposed Transaction. We cannot predict with certainty whether and when any of the required closing conditions will be satisfied or if another uncertainty may arise and cannot assure you that we will be able to timely consummate the Proposed Transaction as currently contemplated under the Merger Agreement or at all. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way, by 19 the failure to complete the Proposed Transaction or by a delay in the completion of the Proposed Transaction, including as a result of the following: the combined company may not realize any or all of the potential benefits of the Proposed Transaction, including any synergies that could result from combining our financial and business resources with those of K-C; matters relating to the Proposed Transaction will require substantial commitments of time and resources by our management which would otherwise have been devoted to day-to-day operations and other opportunities that may have been beneficial to us as an independent company we have incurred and will incur further substantial expenses in connection with the Proposed Transaction, including legal, financial advisory, accounting, consulting and other advisory fees, severance/employee benefit-related costs, public company filing fees and other regulatory fees, and other costs relating to the Proposed Transaction regardless of whether the Proposed Transaction is consummated; we may be subject to legal proceedings related to the potential delay of, or failure to consummate, the Proposed Transaction we may experience disruptions to our business resulting from the announcement and pendency of the Proposed Transaction, including adverse changes in our relationships with, or loss of, our customers, business partners, and employees, which may not be reversible and may continue or even intensify in the event the Proposed Transaction is delayed or not consummated; under the Merger Agreement, we are subject to certain restrictions on the conduct of our business prior to completing the Proposed Transaction, which restrictions could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business as we otherwise would have done if we were not subject to these restrictions; we may experience negative reactions to the Proposed Transaction from the financial markets, including negative impacts on the market price of our common stock and if the Proposed Transaction is not consummated, we may suffer from negative publicity and a negative impression of us in the investment community, and a failure to close the Proposed Transaction may have a negative impact on the market price of our common stock. Uncertainties associated with the Proposed Transaction may cause a loss of our or K-C s management and other key employees, which could adversely affect the future business and operations of the combined company following the Proposed Transaction. We depend on the experience and industry knowledge of our management personnel and other key employees to execute our business plans. The success of the combined company after the Proposed Transaction will depend, in part, on its ability to retain or attract key management personnel and other key employees. During the pendency or following the consummation of the Proposed Transaction, our current and prospective employees may experience uncertainty or have concerns regarding their roles within the combined company, the timing and consummation of the Proposed Transaction, or the operations of the combined company, any of which may have an adverse effect on our ability to retain or attract key management and other key personnel. If we are unable to retain personnel, including our key management, who are critical to the future operations of the combined company, we or the combined company could face disruptions in our operations, loss of existing customers, loss of key information, expertise, or know-how, and unanticipated additional recruitment and training costs. In addition, the loss of key personnel could diminish the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Transaction. No assurance can be given that the combined company, following the Proposed Transaction, will be able to retain or attract our key management personnel and other key employees to the same extent that we have previously been able to retain or attract our own employees. Holders of our common stock will have a significantly reduced ownership and voting interest in the combined company after the Proposed Transaction and will therefore have less voting influence over the combined company. In the Proposed Transaction, each of our shareholders will become a holder of common stock of the combined company which will continue operations as K-C. Upon completion of the Proposed Transaction, our current shareholders are expected to own approximately 46% and current K-C shareholders are expected to own approximately 54% of the combined company on a fully 20 diluted basis. As a result, our shareholders will have less voting influence on the combined company and may have less influence on its management and policies than they now have over us. Litigation against us or K-C, or the members of our or K-C s board of directors, could prevent or delay the completion of the Proposed Transaction. Since the announcement of the Proposed Transaction, certain of our shareholders and K-C s shareholders have filed lawsuits against us, K-C, and/or the board of directors of both companies in connection with the Proposed Transaction, and such lawsuits may continue to be filed. These legal proceedings could delay or prevent the Proposed Transaction from being completed in a timely manner. The existence of litigation related to the Proposed Transaction could affect the likelihood of obtaining the required regulatory approvals. Moreover, any litigation could be time-consuming and expensive and could divert our and K-C s management s attention away from their regular business and their focus on successful integration planning for the two companies. Any lawsuit adversely resolved against us, K-C, or members of our respective boards of directors could adversely affect each company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. The Merger Agreement restricts our ability to pursue alternatives to the Proposed Transaction. The Merger Agreement contains no shop covenants that restrict our ability to, directly or indirectly, among other things, solicit proposals relating to any alternative business combination or acquisition transactions and enter into any discussions concerning, or provide confidential information in connection with, any such alternative business combination or acquisition transactions. These provisions prevent us from engaging with a potential third-party acquirer that might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant part of the Company. The need for regulatory approvals may delay the date of completion of the Proposed Transaction or may diminish the benefits of the Proposed Transaction. The parties to the Merger Agreement are required to obtain the approvals of certain regulatory agencies before completing the Proposed Transaction. Satisfying any requirements of these regulatory agencies may delay the date of completion of the Proposed Transaction. The requisite regulatory approvals may not be received on a timely basis, or at all (in which case the Proposed Transaction could not be completed), or may contain conditions or restrictions on completion of the Proposed Transaction that cannot be satisfied. In addition, any conditions or restrictions imposed could have the effect of imposing additional costs on or limiting the revenues of the combined company following the Proposed Transaction, which might have an adverse effect on the combined company following the Proposed Transaction. Further, it is possible that, among other things, restrictions on the combined operations of the two companies, including divestitures, may be sought by governmental agencies as a condition to obtaining the required regulatory approvals. This may diminish the benefits of the Proposed Transaction to the combined company or otherwise have an adverse effect on the combined company following the Proposed Transaction. The number of shares of K-C common stock issuable in the First Merger in respect of one share of our common stock is fixed and will not be adjusted. Because the market price of K-C common stock may fluctuate, our shareholders cannot be sure of the market value of the stock consideration they will receive in exchange for their shares in connection with the Proposed Transaction. At the time the First Merger is completed, each issued and outstanding share of our common stock will be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration, which consists of 1) 0.14625 shares of K-C common stock and 2) $3.50 in cash. The exchange ratio is fixed and will not be adjusted to reflect stock price changes of either our common stock or K-C common stock prior to the closing of the First Merger. Accordingly, the market value of the stock consideration that our shareholders will receive in the First Merger will vary based on the price of K-C common stock at the time our shareholders receive the Merger Consideration, and our shareholders cannot be sure of the market value of the share component of the Merger Consideration they will receive upon completion of the First Merger. The market price of K-C common stock is expected to fluctuate through and after the consummation of the Proposed Transaction, which may not occur for a considerable amount of time. Changes in the price of K-C common stock may result from a variety of factors, including general market and economic conditions, changes in K-C s and our businesses, operations and prospects, changes in market assessments of the likelihood that the Proposed Transaction will be completed and/or the value that may be generated by the Proposed Transaction, changes with respect to expectations regarding the timing of the Proposed Transaction, and regulatory considerations. Many of these factors are beyond our and K-C s control. In addition, the use of cash and incurrence of indebtedness by K-C in connection with the financing of the Proposed Transaction may have an adverse impact on K-C s liquidity, limit K-C s flexibility in responding to other business opportunities, and increase K-C s vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, each of which 21 could adversely affect the market price of K-C s common stock prior to closing and that of the combined company following closing. If the Proposed Transaction fails to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, our shareholders may be required to pay additional U.S. federal income taxes. The Proposed Transaction is intended to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, and we and K-C intend to report the Proposed Transaction consistent with such qualification. However, the closing is not conditioned upon the receipt of an opinion of counsel or a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ) that the Proposed Transaction will so qualify, and neither we nor K-C intends to request a ruling from the IRS regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Proposed Transaction. Consequently, no assurance can be given that the Proposed Transaction will so qualify, that the IRS will not challenge such qualification, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the Proposed Transaction were to fail to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, a holder of our common stock generally would recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the exchange of our common stock for K-C common stock in the Proposed Transaction. This would be in addition to income with respect to the Cash Consideration (as defined in Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Proposed Transaction with Kimberly-Clark to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein), which generally would constitute taxable income to a holder of our common stock in an amount equal to the lesser of the amount of such cash and the holder s realized gain in its K-C common stock if the Proposed Transaction qualified as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. Our business operations may be subject to disruption due to uncertainties associated with the Proposed Transaction, which could adversely affect our or the combined company s business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations pending and following the Proposed Transaction. Parties with which we do business may experience uncertainty associated with the Proposed Transaction, including with respect to current or future business relationships with us or the combined company following the Proposed Transaction. Our business relationships may be subject to disruption as customers, distributors, suppliers, vendors, landlords, and other third parties with whom they do business may attempt to delay or defer entering into new business relationships, negotiate changes in existing business relationships or consider entering into business relationships with parties other than us or the combined company following the Proposed Transaction. These disruptions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations regardless of whether the Proposed Transaction is completed and could adversely affect the combined company s ability to realize the expected cost savings and other benefits of the Proposed Transaction. The risk and adverse effects of any disruption could be exacerbated by a delay in the closing of the Proposed Transaction or termination of the Merger Agreement. If the Proposed Transaction is consummated, its completion is expected to trigger change-in-control or other provisions in certain agreements to which we or K-C is a party. The consummation of the Proposed Transaction is expected to trigger change-in-control or other provisions in certain agreements to which we or K-C or our respective subsidiaries are a party. If we and K-C are unable to obtain the counterparties consents or waivers of those provisions, the counterparties may exercise their rights and remedies under the applicable agreements, including in some instances potentially terminating the agreements or seeking monetary damages. Even if we and K-C are able to negotiate consents or waivers, the counterparties may require a fee for such consents or waivers or seek to renegotiate the agreements on terms less favorable to the combined company. In addition, in connection with the Proposed Transaction, we and K-C have agreed that the Proposed Transaction will constitute a change in control, or term of similar import, under certain Company compensation and benefit arrangements and K-C compensation and benefit arrangements, as applicable, which may result in additional payments and benefits to directors and executive officers. Failure to integrate our and K-C s businesses and operations successfully in the expected time frame may adversely affect the future results of the combined company. We and K-C have operated and, until the consummation of the Proposed Transaction, will continue to operate independently. Following the closing of the Proposed Transaction, our respective businesses may not be integrated successfully. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key Company employees or key K-C employees, the loss of customers, service providers, vendors or other business counterparties, the disruption of either company s or both companies ongoing businesses, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen 22 expenses, delays, or regulatory conditions associated with and following the closing of the mergers or higher-than-expected integration costs, and an overall post-closing integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. Specifically, the following challenges, among others, must be addressed in integrating our and K-C s operations in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Transaction: combining the companies operations and corporate functions and the resulting difficulties associated with managing a larger, more complex, diversified business and a larger portfolio of products combining our and K-C s businesses in a manner that permits the combined company to achieve the cost savings and operating synergies anticipated to result from the Proposed Transaction integrating and managing new product lines; avoiding delays in connection with the Proposed Transaction or the integration process integrating personnel from the two companies and minimizing the loss of key employees identifying and eliminating redundant functions and assets harmonizing the companies operating practices, employee development and compensation programs, internal controls, compliance and other policies, procedures, and processes maintaining existing agreements with customers, service providers, vendors, and other business counterparties and avoiding delays in entering into new agreements with prospective customers, service providers, vendors, and other business counterparties addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures, and management philosophies; and consolidating the companies operating, administrative, and information technology infrastructure and financial systems. The Merger Agreement subjects us to restrictions on our business activities prior to the effective time of the Proposed Transaction. The Merger Agreement restricts us from entering into certain corporate transactions and from taking other specified actions without the consent of K-C until the closing of the Proposed Transaction. These restrictions could be in place for an extended period of time if the closing of the Proposed Transaction is delayed and could prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the closing of the Proposed Transaction. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant costs in connection with the Proposed Transaction, which may be in excess of those we anticipated. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, a number of non-recurring costs associated with negotiating and consummating the Proposed Transaction and combining our and K-C s operations. These expenses have been, and will continue to be, substantial. The substantial majority of non-recurring expenses will consist of costs related to the Proposed Transaction including, among other things, fees paid to financial, legal, and accounting advisors, employee retention, severance and benefits costs, filing fees, and debt restructuring costs. Many of these costs will be borne by us even if the Proposed Transaction is not completed. Additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in connection with the Proposed Transaction and the integration of the two companies businesses. The Proposed Transaction may result in a loss of customers, distributors, service providers, suppliers, vendors, joint venture participants, and other business counterparties and may result in the termination of existing contracts. Following the Proposed Transaction, some of our or K-C s customers, distributors, service providers, suppliers, vendors, joint venture participants, and other business counterparties may terminate or scale back their current or prospective business relationships with the combined company. In addition, we and K-C have contracts with customers, distributors, service providers, suppliers, vendors, joint venture participants, and other business counterparties that may require us or K-C to obtain consents from these other parties in connection with the Proposed Transaction, which may not be obtained on favorable terms or at all. If relationships with customers, distributors, service providers, suppliers, vendors, joint venture participants, or other business counterparties are adversely affected by the Proposed Transaction, or if the combined company loses the benefits of our or K-C s contracts, it could adversely affect our or the combined company s business, results of operations, or financial condition. 23 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our brands are critical to our success, and damage to our reputation or our brands could adversely affect us. Our ability to compete successfully depends on the strength of our brands. The vast majority of our Net sales are derived from products bearing proprietary trademarks and trade names, and these trademarks and trade names convey that the products we sell are brand name products. Developing and maintaining the reputation of our brands is a critical component of our relationship with consumers, customers and third-party partners, including healthcare professionals, celebrities, and influencers. We believe consumers, customers, and third-party partners value and trust the reputation, reliability, and status of our brands and the quality, performance, and functionality of our products. As a result, we devote significant time and resources to programs designed to grow, protect, and preserve our brands. However, these efforts may not be successful, and failure to maintain the value of our brands could impact our brand loyalty with consumers, customers, and third-party partners and otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our reputation and our brands have in the past been, and could in the future be, damaged by negative publicity, whether or not valid. Negative publicity could relate to our company, our brands, our products, our supply chain, our ingredients, our packaging, our sustainability practices, our employees, or any other aspect of our business. Negative publicity that damages one of our brands could be compounded by having an adverse effect on our other brands or our company as a whole. Our reputation or our brands could also be adversely affected by negative publicity related to our industry, our competitors, our competitors products, our customers, or our third-party partners, including healthcare professionals, celebrities, influencers, manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, and others with whom we have