[1] RISK FACTORS You should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events described in this section and elsewhere in this report or in any other of our filings with the SEC could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
[2] Summary of RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results.
[3] Risks Related to Our Substantial Financial Commitments Our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments, including our rent payments and guarantees we provide of the indebtedness of the landlords of Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, and MGM Grand Las Vegas could adversely affect our operations, development options, and financial results and impact our ability to satisfy our obligations.
[4] Current and future economic, capital and credit market conditions could adversely affect our ability to service our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments or make planned expenditures.
[5] The agreements governing our senior credit facility and other senior indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity, and therefore could adversely affect our results of operations.
[6] We are required to pay a significant portion of our cash flows as rent, which could adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and growth initiatives, service our indebtedness and limit our ability to react to competitive and economic changes.
[7] All of our domestic gaming facilities are leased and could experience risks associated with leased property, including risks relating to lease termination, lease extensions, charges and our relationship with the lessor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations.
[8] Because a significant number of our major gaming resorts are concentrated on the Las Vegas Strip, we are subject to greater risks than a gaming company that is more geographically diversified.
[9] We extend credit to a large portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables. 11 We may incur impairments to goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, or long-lived assets which could negatively affect our future profits.
[10] Co-investing in properties or businesses, including our investments in BetMGM North America 