[1] Additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or are currently deemed to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations in the future.
[2] Risks Related to Our Company, Business and Operations Deterioration of global economic conditions, an economic recession or slow growth, periods of inflation, or economic uncertainty in our key markets may adversely affect customer and consumer spending as well as demand for our products.
[3] Our sensitivity to economic cycles and any related fluctuation in customer and consumer demand may have a material negative impact on our business, financial conditions or results of operations.
[4] Damage to our reputation or brand name, loss of brand relevance, increase in use of private label or other competitive brands by customers or consumers, competitive pressures in marketing and technology, or product quality or safety concerns could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[5] Our success depends on our ability to maintain our brand image for our existing products, extend our brands to new platforms, and expand our brand image with new product offerings.
[6] We must also be able to respond successfully to technological advances (including artificial intelligence and machine learning, which may become critical in interpreting consumer preferences in the future), and failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and negatively impact our product sales.
[7] If a significant portion of our branded business was switched to private label or competitive products, it could have a material negative impact on our Consumer segment.
[8] The continued growth of e-commerce, which has encouraged the entry of new competitors and business models, and its impact of consumer habits and preferences has accelerated in many of the markets we serve and our financial results may be impacted if we are unable to adapt to changing consumer preferences and market dynamics.
[9] The inability to maintain mutually beneficial relationships with large customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[10] Issues regarding procurement of raw materials may negatively impact us.
[11] Our attempts to offset these pressures through supply chain management initiatives and increases in the selling prices of some of our products may not be successful or may result in reductions i