[1] RISK FACTORS we may not be able to bring the acquired business up to our expected levels of safety standards as quickly as anticipated; we may have difficulty entering into new geographic markets in which we are not experienced; or we may be unable to retain the customers and partners of acquired businesses following the acquisition.
[2] If we are unable to complete transactions on acceptable terms in a timely manner , or realize expected benefits, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
[3] These potential liabilities could result in material costs, including fines or personal injury or damages claims, which could have an adverse impact on our operations and profitability.
[4] Future events, including changes in existing laws or regulations or enforcement policies, or further investigation or evaluation of the potential health hazards of some of our products or business activities, may result in additional or unanticipated compliance and other costs.
[5] We could be required to invest in preventive or remedial action, like pollution control facilities, which could be substantial or which could result in restrictions on our operations or delays in obtaining required permits or other approvals.
[6] Because future regulatory actions and enforcement priorities are uncertain, we may be unable to predict or fully mitigate their impact on our results.
[7] These risks can subject us to potentially significant liabilities relating to personal injury, death or property damage, and may result in significant civil or criminal penalties, which could damage our productivity or profitability.
[8] Litigation and other legal proceedings are inherent in our operations and could result in significant costs or liabilities.
[9] While we do not believe the outcome of pending or threatened litigation will have a material adverse effect on our operations or our financial condition, an unexpected and material adverse outcome in a pending or future legal action could potentially have a negative effect on our Company.
[10] Legislation, regulation, and policy initiatives addressing climate change and the transition to a low-carbon economy may increase our costs, constrain operations, or alter customer demand, which could adversely impact our business and financial results.
[11] We may not be able to recover any increased operating costs, taxes or capital investments (other than with respect to any carbon reduction or capture tech