[1] Further escalation of specific trade tensions, including those between the U.S. and China, or more broadly in global trade conflict, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business and operations around the world.
[2] Compliance with rapidly changing tariffs and trade restrictions may require significant time and resources, and in turn increase our cost of doing business, and could result in fines and penalties or reputational harm if we are found to not be in compliance.
[3] Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[4] As a result, the Company s results of operations and its ability to realize projected growth rates in sales and earnings could be materially adversely impacted if the U.S. dollar strengthens significantly against foreign currencies, and the Company's results of operations may experience volatility related to changes in exchange rates.
[5] For a discussion of the impact of foreign currency exchange rates on the Company, see Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Proceedings * The Company faces liabilities related to certain fluorochemicals, which could have a material adverse effect on our results.
[6] Various factors or developments in these and other disclosed actions could result in future charges that could have a material adverse effect on 3M.
[7] Unexpected events related to the PWS Settlement, including the potential impact of the PWS Settlement on other PFAS-related matters, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or consolidated financial position.
[8] The outcome of legal and regulatory proceedings related to compliance with these treaties, laws, regulations, and requirements could have a material adverse effect on the Company's reputation, ability to execute its strategy and its results of operations.
[9] Failure by the Company or one of its customers, suppliers, vendors, or channel partners to comply with provisions of government contracts or related laws, regulations, executive orders, or other government actions could result in the Company being unable to fulfill its contract commitments under a government contract or inability to realize the full value of such contract.
[10] The failure to comply with the FCPA and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regula