[1] Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict, may materially affect actual results and are often outside of our control.
[2] Under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we identify important factors that, individually or in the aggregate, could cause actual results and outcomes, including with respect to our ability to achieve our Vision, to differ materially from those contained in, or implied by, any forward-looking statements we make.
[3] We elaborate on these important factors and the risks we face throughout this Form 10-K, particularly in the Executive Summary and Business Environment sections preceding our discussion of the operating results of our segments in Item 7.
[4] Risks Relating to Our Business Business Operations Risks We may be unsuccessful in anticipating and responding to changes in adult nicotine consumer purchase behavior, including as a result of difficult economic conditions, and preferences, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
[5] If our operating companies are unable to take actions to mitigate the effects of inflationary pressures and other factors that contribute to their products industry volume decline rates, it could negatively impact our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position .
[6] This inability to increase product prices could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision.
[7] Our failure to do so or our failure to anticipate changing adult nicotine consumer preferences, improve productivity or protect or enhance margins through cost savings and price increases, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
[8] We face significant competition, including from the growth of innovative nicotine products, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision.
[9] Because many of our operating companies products are market leaders, we are subject to antitrust risk.
[10] Our operating companies failure to compete effectively in these environments could negatively impact their profitability, market share and shipment volume.
[11] If PM 