[1] Summary RISK FACTORS The Company is subject to a number of risks that if realized could materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition or prospects.
[2] The following is a summary of the principal RISK FACTORS facing the Company: 26 Table of Contents The Company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business could be materially adversely affected.
[3] Key products generate a significant amount of the Company s profits and cash flows, and any events that adversely affect the markets for its leading products could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects.
[4] Unfavorable or uncertain economic conditions, together with cost-reduction measures being taken by the U.S. and other countries, could negatively affect the Company s operating results.
[5] The Company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects.
[6] Climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change may negatively affect the Company s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects.
[7] Failure to attract and retain highly qualified personnel could affect the Company s ability to successfully develop and commercialize products.
[8] Reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements could materially adversely affect the Company s business.
[9] Negative events in the animal health industry could have a material adverse effect on future results of operations and financial condition of the Company or its Animal Health business.
[10] Biologics and vaccines carry unique risks and uncertainties, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s future results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects.
[11] The Company s products, including products in development, cannot be marketed unless the Company obtains and maintains regulatory approval or authorization. 27 Table of Contents Developments following regulatory approval or authorization may adversely affect sales of the Company s products.
[12] The Company is subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations and financial