[1] set out in Part IV (Risk Factors relating to the Proposal) and to the additional information set out in Part VIII (Additional Information) of this Circular.
[2] Shareholders are reminded that voting is on a poll, and votes may be cast by proxy who may be appointed ahead of the meeting to ensure your vote is counted (as detailed in the explanatory notes starting on page 94).
[3] In providing their advice, Rothschild & Co, JP Morgan and Citigroup have placed reliance on the Board’s commercial assessment of the Proposal.
[4] The remaining three per cent. of the Dowlais Shares will be retained by Melrose (i) for use in connection with the MASP; and (ii) to cover costs, including those relating to the performance and provision of services by the Melrose Group to the Dowlais Group under the Transitional Services Agreement, as well as other costs.
[5] For further details on the Transitional Services Agreement, see Section 9.1(D) (Transitional Services Agreement) of Part VIII (Additional Information).
[6] Details of the conditions to the Proposal and of the Demerger Agreement and related documents to effect the Proposal are set out in full in Section 2.1 of this Part II (Information on the Proposal) and Section 9 (Material Contracts) of Part VIII (Additional Information). 15 2.
[7] Strong, long-term cash generation GKN Aerospace participates in 19 risk and revenue sharing partnerships across different engine OEMs, 17 of which are currently in the lucrative cash generating phase.
[8] The expected lifetime cash inflow on these risk and revenue sharing partnerships is approximately £18.5 billion.
[9] GKN Aerospace is experiencing continued strong momentum and market recovery with 11 per cent. sales increase in 2022 (based on like-for-like growth calculated at constant currency against 2021 results) and an increasingly positive outlook into 2023 and beyond.
[10] GKN Aerospace is fully committed to offsetting inflationary pressures and managing supply chain issues.
[11] First, to deliver higher adjusted operating margins by building on the investment, cost base and operational improvements already achieved by GKN Automotive and GKN Powder Metallurgy during Melrose ownership, which are expected to be further fuelled by the automotive sector’s anticipated recovery in production volumes to pre-pandemic levels.
[12] Clear structural growth in core business, regardless of powertrain mix, and technological leadership Leveraging both its core Driveline products and a