[1] These risks have the potential to materially adversely affect the Company's business, results of operations or financial condition.
[2] These conditions, including inflationary expense pressure with our clients, may reduce demand for our services or depress pricing for those services, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
[3] For example, fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our results of operations.
[4] Legal and Regulatory Risks We are subject to significant uninsured exposures arising from errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and other claims.
[5] Such claims may subject us to significant liability for monetary damages, including punitive and treble damages, negative publicity and reputational harm, and may divert personnel and management resources.
[6] We may be unable to effectively limit our potential liability in certain jurisdictions, including through insurance, or in connection with certain types of claims, particularly those concerning claims of a breach of fiduciary duty.
[7] Given the judgment involved in estimating and establishing such liabilities, as well as the unpredictability of E&O claims and the litigation that can flow from them, it is possible that an adverse 11 outcome in a particular matter could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations or financial condition.
[8] We cannot guarantee that we are or will be in compliance with all current and potentially applicable U.S. federal and state or foreign laws and regulations, and actions by regulatory authorities or changes in legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[9] We are subject to numerous other laws on matters as diverse as internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, securities regulation, data privacy and protection, cybersecurity, taxation, anti-trust and competition, anti-money laundering, immigration, wage-and-hour standards and employment and labor relations.
[10] Moreover, our failure to comply with laws or regulations in one jurisdiction may result in increased regulatory scrutiny by other regulatory agencies in that jurisdiction or regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions.
[11] These inquiries consume significant management attention, and the cost of compliance and the consequenc