[1] This information should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes, which discuss factors that could materially affect our future results.
[2] We rely on third-party suppliers of data, applications and services, including data from stock exchanges and other suppliers (collectively, Vendor Products ), and depend on the accuracy and quality of Vendor Products and the ability and willingness of such suppliers to deliver, support, enhance and develop new products on a timely and cost-effective basis.
[3] Additionally, we rely on clients to supply us with certain data for our products and services, and depend on the delivery, accuracy, quality and accessibility of such data.
[4] If Vendor Products include errors or design defects, are delayed, become incompatible with future versions of our products, are unavailable on acceptable terms or are suspended or not available at all, we may not be able to deliver our products and services.
[5] Such exclusive contracts could hinder our ability to create our products and services or to provide our clients with the data or other products or services they prefer.
[6] Despite our efforts to comply with the licensing requirements of Vendor Products, there can be no assurance that third parties will not challenge our use, which could result in increased acquisition or licensing costs, loss of rights or costly legal actions.
[7] Our business could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to timely or effectively replace the data, other materials or functionality provided by Vendor Products that may become unavailable or fail to operate effectively for any reason.
[8] If any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[9] If our products contain undetected errors or fail to perform properly due to defects, malfunctions or similar problems, we may face increased costs or liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[10] The realization of any of these events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[11] Contractual disputes could result in the provision of credits, adverse monetary judgments and other penalties and damages.
[12] MSCI is exposed to potential reputational and cr