[1] RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and the trading price of our common stock.
[2] STRATEGIC AND COMPETITIVE RISKS We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
[3] If we do not continue to innovate and provide products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers, we may not remain competitive, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[4] We face significant competition from firms that provide competing platforms.
[5] We face significant competition from competing platforms developed for new devices and form factors such as smartphones and tablets.
[6] Competitors rules governing their content and applications marketplaces may restrict our ability to distribute products and services through them in accordance with our technical and business model objectives.
[7] For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, which could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations. 16 PART I Item 1A Business model competition Companies compete with us based on a growing variety of business models.
[8] The competitive pressures described above may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, such as for research and development, marketing, and sales incentives, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
[9] If we are not effective in executing organizational and technical changes to increase efficiency and accelerate innovation, or if we fail to generate sufficient usage of our new products and services, we may not grow revenue in line with the infrastructure and development investments described above.
[10] This could adversely affect our operations, financial condition, and results of operations. 17 PART I Item 1A Our AI systems offer users powerful tools and capabilities.
[11] Perceptions of mismanagement, driven by regulatory activity or negative public reaction to our practices or product experiences, could negatively impact product and feature adoption.
[12] These factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition