[1] Moreover, the risks below are not the only risks we face and additional risks not currently known to us or that we presently deem immaterial may emerge or become material at any time and may negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation or the trading price of our common stock.
[2] While such initiatives have gained limited traction to date, if customers conclude that public mobile broadband networks, potentially augmented with emerging technologies, provide adequate resiliency, coverage, control, and cost for their critical communication needs, it could adversely affect our MCN sales.
[3] Our MCN sales could also be adversely affected by evolving technologies created to defeat encryption or our products ability to communicate in a contested environment, which could result in our MCN radios becoming less secure or effective.
[4] Another area in which we face significant competition is AI.
[5] If we are unable to mitigate these risks, our results of operations, financial condition or reputation may be adversely affected.
[6] Failure to comply with such requirements could result in liabilities, including potential enforcement actions, fines, penalties, product bans or reputational harm.
[7] We use AI in our products and services, and challenges related to the use of AI could subject us to legal liability or additional regulatory oversight, or adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or business reputation.
[8] The impacts of these catastrophic events could have a negative impact on our ability to manage our business and/or cause disruption of economic activity, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position, cash flows or stock price.
[9] Any failure or perceived failure of certain mission-critical products and services we develop for use in areas such as defense, public safety and unmanned systems, could result in litigation by persons alleging harm, such as injuries or loss of life, or economic damage, including property damage.
[10] Depending on the nature of the quality issue and the number of products in the field, it could cause us to incur substantial recall or corrective field action costs, in addition to the costs associated with the potential loss of future orders and the damage to our goodwill or brand reputation.
[11] Recalls and field actions could result in third-party litigation by persons or companies alleging harm or e