[1] The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face.
[2] If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
[3] These fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of our listed securities.
[4] We may not be able to regain profitability in future periods As of January 1, 2025, we have adopted ASU 2023-08, pursuant to which we are required to recognize increases or decreases in fair value of our digital assets as incurred in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.
[5] We may not be able to regain profitability in future periods, particularly if we incur significant unrealized losses related to our digital assets, which will depend on the price of bitcoin at the end of the applicable period.
[6] As a result, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
[7] Such increases in valuation allowances could materially and adversely affect net income in periods in which such charges are incurred.
[8] Our ability to obtain equity or debt financing may depend on, among other factors, the value of our bitcoin holdings, investor sentiment and the general public perception of bitcoin, our strategy and our value proposition.
[9] Accordingly, a significant decline in the fair market value of our bitcoin holdings or a negative shift in these other factors may create liquidity and credit risks, as such a decline or such shifts may adversely impact our ability to secure sufficient equity or debt financing to maintain the USD Reserve at targeted levels and to satisfy our financial obligations and liquidity needs.
[10] Any such sale of bitcoin may have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, and could impair our ability to secure additional equity or debt financing in the future.
[11] If we are unable to raise equity or debt financing or sell our bitcoin to raise proceeds sufficient to satisfy our financial obligations or liquidity needs, including our debt service and cash dividend payments on our preferred stock, we could be in default under such obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
[12] See Risks Related to Our Outstanding and Potential Future Indebtedness and Risks Related to Our Preferred Stock for additional details about the risks which may impact us if we are unable to satisfy our debt service and cash dividend obligations.
[1