[1] Our high generative AI, the metaverse, bots and virtual assistants. degree of diversification and our strong capitalisation The aim is to make processes more efficient and intelligent mitigate the risks we face, and will open up additional and to improve the customer experience.
[2] These impacts were assessed on the The materiality assessment determines which basis of the ESRS requirements and taking into account sustainability topics are especially important for Munich Re the entire value chain.
[3] , Liquidity risk Information Security and Compliance).
[4] Using quantitative regulatory requirements, the risk types specified below are risk criteria, we ensure that Munich Re has sufficient not explicitly quantified in our internal model.
[5] Qualitative risk liquidity available to meet all its payment obligations even management is very important for dealing with these risks. under adverse scenarios, with the liquidity position being assessed both for extreme insurance scenarios and for Reputational risk adverse situations in the capital markets.
[6] We define reputational risk as the risk of loss that may result Further information on liquidity risks in life and health from a deterioration in the Group’s public image among insurance business and in property-casualty insurance clients, shareholders or other parties.
[7] Reputational risk is closely intertwined with from insurance contracts. all other risk categories.
[8] The assessment of individual business transactions in terms of their reputational risk, Other risks where such risk is evident and could potentially be relevant, is performed at field-of-business level by reputational risk Economic and financial-market developments committees.
[9] Where a reputational risk could potentially have an impact across fields of business, other central and regulatory risks divisions may be involved in the assessment if required.
[10] Shaped by the United States’ protectionist foreign trade policy and a continuing high level of geopolitical uncertainty, Strategic risk the global economy again experienced subdued growth in 2025.
[11] While growth in the US weakened on average over We define strategic risk as the risk of making incorrect the year, it remained virtually unchanged in China.
[12] In business decisions, implementing decisions poorly, or being the eurozone, on the other hand, growth accelerated and unable to adapt to changes in the operating environment. the German economy also grew again after 