[1] Additional risks not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also affect our business operations. 20 Summary RISK FACTORS We face risks and uncertainties related to our business, many of which are beyond our control.
[2] In particular, risks associated with our business include: We may not be able to continue to successfully commercialize INGREZZA or any of our product candidates if they are approved in the future.
[3] We may not be able to successfully launch and commercialize CRENESSITY.
[4] We face intense competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, the demand for our products may be reduced.
[5] Enacted healthcare reform, drug pricing measures and other recent legislative initiatives, including the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA), could adversely affect our business.
[6] Such increases may not be sufficient and we may encounter difficulties with managing our growth, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
[7] We may encounter difficulties as we expand and may fail to successfully develop or commercialize our biologic product candidates, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
[8] If we are unable to retain and recruit qualified scientists and other employees or if any of our key senior executives discontinues his or her employment with us, it may delay our development efforts or impact our commercialization of INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any product candidate approved by the FDA in the future.
[9] The loss of these suppliers, or delays or problems in the supply of INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or our product candidates, could materially and adversely affect our ability to successfully develop or commercialize INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any of our product candidates.
[10] We depend on our current collaborators for the development and commercialization of several of our products and product candidates and may need to enter into future collaborations to develop and commercialize certain of our product candidates.
[11] If third-party manufacturers of INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any of our product candidates fail to devote sufficient time and resources to our concerns, or if their performance is substandard, our ability to commercialize existing products, conduct clinical trials and develop new products could be impaired and our costs may rise.
[12] If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our competitors could develop and market products based on our discoveries, which may reduc