[1] We discuss in this section some of the RISK FACTORS that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, value and results of operations.
[2] Nordson Corporation 9 Table of Contents Risks Related to Economic Conditions Changes in U.S. or international economic conditions, including declines in the industries we serve, could adversely affect the revenue stream and profitability of any of our operations.
[3] A general sustained slowdown in the global economy or in a particular region or industry or an increase in or continued trade tensions with U.S. trading partners could negatively impact our business, financial condition or liquidity.
[4] Our ability to conduct business can be significantly impacted by changes in tariffs, changes or repeals of trade agreements, including the impact of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement with Mexico and Canada, which replaced the North American Free Trade Agreement, or the imposition of other trade restrictions or retaliatory actions imposed by various governments.
[5] Changes to trade policies, tariffs, and other import/export regulations of the U.S. and other nations may create uncertainty in the global market and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[6] As a result, these government trade actions may create significant uncertainty in the global market and may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[7] Significant movements in foreign currency exchange rates or change in monetary policy may harm our financial results.
[8] Any significant change in the value of the currencies of the countries in which we do business against the U.S. dollar could affect our ability to sell products competitively and control our cost structure, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[9] Exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or customers located in or conducting business in a country imposing controls.
[10] Currency devaluations diminish the U.S. dollar value of the currency of the country instituting the devaluation and, if they occur or continue for significant periods, could adversely affect our earnings or cash flow.
[11] Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Political conditions in and between the U