[1] Regulatory, Legislative and Legal Risks NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected by the extensive regulation of their business.
[2] In their business planning and in the management of their operations, NEE and FPL must address the effects of regulation on their business and any inability or failure to do so adequately could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[3] NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if they are unable to recover in a timely manner any significant amount of costs, a return on certain assets or a reasonable return on invested capital through base rates, cost recovery clauses, other regulatory mechanisms or otherwise.
[4] Regulatory decisions that are important to NEE and FPL may be materially adversely affected by political, regulatory, operational and economic factors.
[5] Changes in the nature of the regulation of NEE's and FPL's business through this type or other types of legal activity, such as the repeal, revocation or reversal of existing laws, regulations or actions, could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[6] There can be no assurance that FPL or NEER would be able to respond adequately to the aforementioned state and federal regulatory changes, which could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[7] Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[8] Changes in the 24 Table of Content s structure of the industry or in such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[9] NEE and FPL are subject to numerous environmental laws, regulations and other standards that may result in capital expenditures, increased operating costs and various liabilities, and may require NEE and FPL to limit or eliminate certain operations.
[10] These violations could result in, without limitation, litigation regarding property damage, personal injury, common law nuisance and enforcement by citizens or governmental authorities of environmental requirements.
[11] The results of op