[1] If any of the described risks actually occurs, our business, financial position and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
[2] Such risks are not the only ones we face and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business.
[3] Risks Related to Our Operations and Business A substantial or extended decline in gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc prices would have a material adverse effect on us.
[4] A substantial or extended decline in commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, cash flows, access to capital, and on the quantities of reserves that the Company can economically produce.
[5] We may be unable to replace gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc reserves as they become depleted.
[6] As a result of these uncertainties, our exploration programs and any acquisitions which we may pursue may not result in the expansion or replacement of our current production with new ore reserves or operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial position.
[7] If our reserve estimations are required to be revised due to significantly lower gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc, and molybdenum prices, increases in operating costs, reductions in metallurgical recovery or other modifying factors, this could result in material write-downs of our investment in mining properties, goodwill and increased amortization, reclamation and closure charges.
[8] It is possible that in the future, high inflation in the countries in which we operate may result in an increase in operational costs in local currencies (without a concurrent devaluation of the local currency of operations against the dollar or an increase in the dollar price of gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc).
[9] Significantly higher and sustained increases in operational costs or capital expenditures could result in the deferral or closure of projects and mines in the event that costs become prohibitive.
[10] The laws and regulations governing mine closure and reclamation in a particular jurisdiction are subject to review at any time and may be amended to impose additional requirements and conditions which may cause our provisions for environmental liabilities to be underestimated and could materially affect our financial position or results of operations.
[11] Any underestimated or unantic