[1] Competition Increases in global renewable refining and co-processing capacity relative to growth in demand for the renewable products may have a material adverse effect on Neste.
[2] Any shutdown of Neste’s operations, whether planned or unplanned, could have a material adverse effect on Neste’s business.
[3] Counterparty Counterparty risk arises from all business relationships where Neste is exposed to the counterparty’s failure to perform according to Neste’s requirements and contractual commitments. and credit risks The extent of counterparty risk has increased along the continued diversification of Neste’s supply base and customer segments.
[4] As we look towards the future, the fundamental need to tackle climate change is stronger than ever as 2024 was characterized We faced significant changes in the markets of both Renewable Products and Oil Products and several operational challenges at by record high temperatures globally.
[5] Remuneration repor t Risk management Risk management objectives and scope Risk management framework Neste recognizes risk management as an integral part of and principles sound management practice and an essential element Framework and principles for risk management have of good corporate governance.
[6] As an element of uncer- been defined in the Neste Corporate Risk Management tainty (opportunity or threat), risk is an inevitable compo- policy, which has been approved by the Board of Direc- nent of running the business.
[7] The policy is supplemented by risk management ment practices are the means to ensure that Neste is principles, guidelines and instructions for specific risk successful in achieving the set strategic goals and busi- disciplines.
[8] Neste’s risk management framework and ness objectives and can maintain continuous operations processes are aligned with the internationally recognized in a changing business environment.
[9] The main risk classes are • The purpose of risk management is to analyze changes in the external environment and risks in the and manage all opportunities and threats the extended enterprise; company may encounter.
[10] By exploiting opportunities • Strategic risks relate to strategic choices, and reducing threats, Neste gains a competitive strategy implementation and risks in the planning advantage; and execution of major projects (e.g., refinery • Risks are managed as an integrated part of planning, turnarounds).
[11] Among other duties, the Board tives, managing d