[1] Stakeholder engagement is organized both at the corporate level and Hydro is exposed to risks associated with incomplete or inconsistent • More information related to Hydro’s customers and end-users. reporting on sustainability topics, including risks associated with in the business areas through local community meetings, bilateral greenwashing.
[2] Hydro’s identified material assurance activities performed by the external auditor are described sustainability topics are presented in the Materiality assessment in the assurance statement. section on the next page.
[3] Information on how Hydro’s business model adapts to manage material sustainability related impacts, risks Interests and views of stakeholders and opportunities (SBM-3) is presented alongside the disclosures provided in relation to each material sustainability topic.
[4] The integration of sustainability in performance Hydro’s impacts, and the views of affected stakeholders are incentive schemes (GOV-3) is described in the Remuneration report. integrated in the reporting on sustainability topics to Hydro management.
[5] Appendices information Impact materiality: Hydro’s potential and actual impact on sustainability topics across the value chain Drivers of positive impact 1.
[6] Engagement on business conduct, compliance, anti- corruption, and other sustainability topics. 4 E3 Water and marine resources Drivers of potential negative impacts E A.
[7] Such risks could result in flooding the source of electricity used to produce the metal.
[8] As this processing happens outside of Hydro’s control, our ability to influence these emissions are limited.
[9] and internal controls over groups and non-governmental organizations, suppliers, business reduce emissions in each business area. sustainability reporting partners, customer representatives, and industry associations.
[10] Hydro also engages and partners with sustainability experts from academia, • Assessment of the materiality of biodiversity and ecosystems in Hydro regularly assesses risk and controls over its sustainability and actively engage users of Hydro’s sustainability statement such Hydro’s operations and value chain based on the LEAP reporting process.
[11] The external assurance process is risk based, and the external auditors Information on Hydro’s engagement of affected stakeholders is provide feedback on their assessment of risks to the Board Audit described in the individual chapters Own workforce, Workers i