[1] Other sections of this Annual Report may include additional factors which could adversely affect NIKE's business and financial performance.
[2] Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. 2025 FORM 10-K 9 Table of Contents Economic and Industry Risks Global economic conditions have in the past had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
[3] If global economic and financial market conditions continue to be volatile or deteriorate, the following factors, among others, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition: Our sales are impacted by discretionary spending by consumers.
[4] In the future, we may be unable to access financing in the credit and capital markets at reasonable rates in the event we find it desirable to do so.
[5] Continued volatility in the availability and prices for commodities and raw materials we use in our products and in our supply chain (such as cotton or petroleum derivatives) has had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our costs, gross margins and profitability.
[6] If retailers of our products experience declining revenues or experience difficulty obtaining financing to purchase our products, this could result in reduced orders for our products, order cancellations, late retailer payments, extended payment terms, higher accounts receivable, reduced cash flows, greater expense associated with collection efforts and increased bad debt expense.
[7] In the past, certain retailers of our products have experienced severe financial difficulty, become insolvent and ceased business operations, and this could occur in the future, which could negatively impact the sale of our products to consumers.
[8] If contract manufacturers of our products or other participants in our supply chain experience difficulty obtaining financing to purchase raw materials or to finance capital equipment and other general working capital needs, it may result in delays or non-delivery of shipments of our products.
[9] In the past, some customers have experienced financial difficulties up to and including bankruptcies, which have had an adverse effect on our sales, our ability to collect on receivables and our financial condition.
[10] A slowing or changing economy in our key markets, including a recession, could adver