[1] If any adverse events including those discussed above were to occur, a market or economic downturn may last for a long period of time, which could adversely affect our business and business continuity readiness, and can result in us incurring substantial losses.
[2] In addition, any changes to the monetary policy of the Bank of Japan or central banks in major economies worldwide, which could potentially lead to volatility of interest rate or yields may negatively affect our ability to provide asset management products to our clients as well as our trading and investment activities.
[3] We continue to experience intense price competition, particularly in brokerage, investment banking and other businesses. (1) Competition with other financial firms and financial services by non-financial companies is increasing We face intense competition in the financial services sector from a wide variety of competitors.
[4] We face intense competition beyond the traditional financial sector based on the increasing digitalization of the industry, not only with the rise of online securities firms but also FinTech companies and the entry of non-financial companies into the financial services sector.
[5] However, if the development and implementation of these business strategies do not proceed as expected, we may not be able to achieve the expected synergies and other benefits or recoup related investments.
[6] However, the risk remains that we may be required to incur greater costs and expenses than we expect, or to commit greater financial, management and other resources to the strategies than we expect, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
[7] Furthermore, to the extent we reduce compensation or headcount as part of this strategy, our ability to attract and retain the employees needed to successfully run our businesses could be adversely affected.
[8] We may also be unsuccessful in designing a streamlined management structure, which could harm our ability to properly control or supervise our many businesses across the world. 3.
[9] Sustainability factors including climate change and broader associated policy changes in each jurisdiction could adversely affect our business We consider climate change one of the most important global challenges facing society.
[10] The direct impact of climate change (physical risk), and the resulting changes in the business environment (transition risk) could cause us to incur losses.
[11] Liquidity risk c