[1] —Oper- (ISC) team, which is headed by our Chief Security Offi- ational risks—Cybersecurity and data protection” for cer, has implemented enterprise-wide policies, pro- information on risks to Novartis from cybersecurity cesses and practices.
[2] The Risk Committee receives updates on has 25 years of experience as an IT professional, includ- cybersecurity risks, which address a wide range of top- ing 15 years with Novartis, and is responsible for our tech- ics, including recent developments, security incidents, nology strategy, delivery and operations globally.
[3] At least once each year, the Risk Committee responsible for oversight of the Company’s cybersecu- discusses the Company’s approach to cybersecurity risk rity strategy. management with the Chief Security Officer. ﻿ 163 Item 17.
[4] Goodwill and intangible assets other than goodwill F-32 12.
[5] The functional currency Actual outcomes and results could differ from those esti- of a subsidiary is generally the local currency of that mates and assumptions.
[6] The functional currency used for the reporting of ognized in the period in which the estimate is revised. certain Swiss and foreign finance entities is USD instead At the Novartis AG Extraordinary General Meeting, of their respective local currencies.
[7] The optional concentration test for the spin-off the Sandoz business, required the rec- allows for an election on a transaction-by-transaction ognition of a distribution liability at the fair value of the basis to account for the acquired business as an asset Sandoz business.
[8] Any resulting impairment of the business assets to control.
[9] The excess of the fair value of the total purchase be distributed would have been recognized in the con- consideration transferred over the fair value of the solidated income statements in “Other expense” of dis- acquired assets and assumed liabilities is recognized as continued operations, at the date of initial recognition of goodwill.
[10] These valuations require the the use of valuation techniques for the purposes of use of management assumptions and estimates, includ- impairment testing of the Sandoz business’ assets to be ing the value of comparable assets in the market, amount distributed and for the measurement of the fair value of and timing of future cash flows, outcomes and costs of the distribution liability.
[11] These valuations required the research and development activities, probability of use of management assumptio