[1] RISK FACTORS The risks set forth in the following RISK FACTORS could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements.
[2] Failure to complete the Mergers could have material adverse effects on the Company.
[3] In addition, if the Mergers are not completed, the Company could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the Mergers or related to any enforcement proceeding commenced against the Company to perform its obligations under the Merger Agreement, and whether or not any such litigation has any merit, the cost of defending such litigation may be significant.
[4] The materialization of any of these risks could adversely impact the Company s ongoing business.
[5] The Company is subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the Mergers are pending, which could adversely affect the Company s business and operations.
[6] Such limitations could adversely affect the Company s businesses and operations prior to the completion of the Mergers.
[7] We have incurred and will continue to remain subject to incurring significant costs, liabilities, fines, and penalties related to the Incident and the Incident Proceedings, including amounts that may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity.
[8] As a result, our currently accrued amounts of estimated liabilities may be insufficient, and any additional, new or updated accruals could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.
[9] New or additional governmental regulation and/or operational changes resulting from or related to the Incident or the Incident Proceedings may negatively impact us, our customers, the rail industry, or the markets we serve.
[10] The legislative, regulatory, operational, or other actions taken, protocols adopted (including by us), or changes resulting from the Incident or any of the Incident Proceedings may, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on us, our customers, the rail industry, or the markets we serve.
[11] Our inability to comply with the requirements of any new or additional laws, regulations, or operating protocols resulting from or related to the Incident or the Incident Proceedings may have a material adverse effect on our f