[1] If we are not able to efficiently and effectively resolve such issues in a timely manner, or if our chosen strategies are not successful, then our business, operations and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted.
[2] Consequently, these risks and conditions could materially adversely affect our future sales and operating results.
[3] Our business may be negatively impacted by technological trends in our market or our inability to keep pace with rapid industry, technological, and market changes.
[4] Our business may suffer if we fail to keep pace with rapid industry, technological, or market changes, or if our products and services are not well-received in the marketplace.
[5] If the overall growth rate of industry declines, if specific markets we compete in experience reduced growth, if storage consumption models change, if our new and existing products and services do not gain customer acceptance, or if we do not adapt our sales programs to market changes, our business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely affected.
[6] The global nature of our business exposes us to risks that could materially harm our operations, revenues, and financial results.
[7] Any increase in tensions between China and Taiwan, including threats of military actions or escalation of military activities, could adversely affect our or our contract manufacturers ability to source key supply chain components included in our products.
[8] In addition, due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to complex legal and regulatory requirements in the U.S. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and sell our products, including antitrust and anti-competition laws, and regulations related to data privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity.
[9] We face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our international operations.
[10] These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, and they could have a material adverse impact on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
[11] Our hedging strategies may not be successful, and currency exchange rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and cash flows.
[12] In addition, our foreign currency exposure on assets, liabilities, and cash flows that we do not hedge could have a material impact on our financial results in periods when the U.S. dollar significantly fluctu