[1] The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face; additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect our business.
[2] In addition, the global macroeconomic environment remains uncertain, which may adversely impact our business, operating results, cash flows, and prospects.
[3] Summary RISK FACTORS Our business and an investment in our securities are subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects.
[4] General RISK FACTORS investors and other stakeholders expectations of our performance relating to environmental, social and governance factors. 13 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have a history of losses, and we may not be able to maintain profitability on a GAAP or non-GAAP basis.
[5] While we generated GAAP net income in fiscal 2025 and non-GAAP net income in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2024, and fiscal 2025, we may not be able to sustain profitability in future periods.
[6] If we fail to grow our revenue or manage our operating expenses effectively, we may not be able to continue generating net income on a GAAP or non-GAAP basis.
[7] Our continued focus on growth may negatively impact our ability to achieve or maintain profitability in the near term.
[8] Adverse or uncertain macroeconomic or geopolitical conditions or reduced IT spending by our end customers may adversely impact our business, revenues and profitability.
[9] These conditions and events may adversely affect demand for enterprise computing infrastructure solutions and reduce the economic health and IT spending budgets of our current and prospective end customers.
[10] These factors may make it difficult for us to forecast sales and operating results, plan future investments, and could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
[11] Some of these competitors have in the past and may in the future take advantage of their existing relationships with end customers, distributors or resellers to provide incentives to such current or prospective end customers that make their products more economically attractive or to interfere with our ability to offer our solutions to our end customers.
[12] As a result, we cannot assure you that our solu