[1] The factors described below are some of the risks that could materially negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[2] Industry Specific RISK FACTORS Overcapacity in the global steel industry could increase the level of steel imports into the United States, which may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows .
[3] Our industry is cyclical and both recessions and prolonged periods of slow economic growth may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[4] As a result, downturns in the U.S. economy or any of these industries could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[5] Future economic downturns, prolonged slow growth or stagnation in the economy, a sector-specific slowdown in one of our key end-use markets, such as nonresidential construction, or changes in inflation could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, especially in light of the capital-intensive nature of our business.
[6] Competition from other steel producers, imports or alternative materials may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[7] We face ongoing competition from other steel producers and imports that compete with our products on price, quality and service.
[8] Depending on a variety of factors, including the cost and availability of raw materials, energy, technology, labor, transportation and capital costs, currency exchange rates, government subsidies of foreign steel producers and other global political and economic factors, our business may be materially adversely affected by more intense competitive forces.
[9] Increased use or availability of these materials in substitution for steel products could have a material adverse effect on prices and demand for our steel products. 19 Our business requires substantial capital investment and maintenance expenditures, and our capital resources may not be adequate to provide for all of our cash requirements.
[10] Changes in the availability and cost of electricity and natural gas are subject to volatile market conditions which may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[11] We rely upon third parties for our supply of energy resources consumed in the manufacture of our products.
[12