[1] Business and Industry Risks An economic downturn or decline in economic conditions could adversely affect our business and our results of operations.
[2] If the economy suffers a downturn, our sales may decline which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
[3] Increases in prevailing interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
[4] Volatility in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on our mortgage banking revenue, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
[5] Our operations may also be adversely affected by other economic factors within our markets such as negative changes in employment levels, job growth, wage growth, consumer confidence and household formation and availability of mortgage financing, one or all of which could result in reduced demand or price depression from current levels.
[6] Such negative trends could have a material adverse effect on homebuilding operations.
[7] Any downturn in the national economy or the local economies of the markets in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance and ability to service our debt obligations.
[8] The tightening of credit standards and limited availability of suitable mortgage financing could prevent customers from buying our homes and could prevent buyers of our customers homes from obtaining mortgages they need to complete that purchase, either of which could result in potential customers inability to buy a home from us.
[9] If potential customers or the buyers of our customers current homes are not able to obtain suitable mortgage financing, the result could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
[10] If our ability to sell mortgages to investors is impaired, we may be required to fund these commitments ourselves, or we may not be able to originate loans at all.
[11] In the event that disruptions to the secondary markets tighten or eliminate the available liquidity for mortgage loans in the secondary markets, or the underwriting requirements imposed by secondary market investors and federal agencies become more stringent, our ability to sell future mortgage