[1] The alternative to price increases, lowering profitability, would jeopardise the viability of individual stores, diminish our ability to invest in the business, and undermine our central mission to deliver sustainable growth in EPS.
[2] Simon was appointed role was Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director of the NEXT Chief Operating Officer of the Reiss Brand in 1999 before his Group, where he played a critical appointment as Chief Executive. role, not least in negotiating and implementing the transition to Total Platform.
[3] Annette Managing Director and Chief businesses, and served on the company and knowledge of digital Governance was chair of WH Smith until Financial Officer of Capital & Boards of those companies and and cyber security.
[4] She has roles at Visa Inc. from 2018 to 2025 considerable transformation and RETIRING FROM THE BOARD RETIRING FROM THE BOARD and Vodafone plc from 1994 to M&A experience at both executive May 2026 May 2026 2017. and non-executive level and is a qualified chartered accountant.
[5] Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. 112 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Chairman’s introduction effect from 21 May 2026.
[6] NEXT remains committed to prioritising actions that simultaneously and maintain continuity and stability throughout the promote the Company's success, consistently seeking to achieve this Senior Independent Director transition. through its governance framework in an appropriate manner.
[7] Effective succession and contingency planning has statement of compliance and supporting disclosures on pages 114 to enabled the smooth transition of Board appointments during the 120. year.
[8] Jane Shields will step down from the Board with effect from 21 May 2026, leaving the Company later in the year to ensure an orderly transition of her responsibilities.
[9] Rather than delegation to an investor relations page 81 and the Non-Financial Information and Sustainability team, Lord Wolfson and Jonathan Blanchard, as Chief Executive and Statement summarises the Company’s supporting policies on pages Chief Financial Officer respectively, engage directly with investors 106 to 107.
[10] Our Financial Statements discussions, we concluded that NEXT could usefully enhance its colleagues do not need permission to take decisions; taking sensible disclosure of wage setting principles and practices.
[11] Policy and ha