[1] If any of the following risks, or any other risks and uncertainties that are not addressed below or that we have not yet identified, actually occur, we could be materially adversely affected and the value of our securities could decline.
[2] The bankruptcy or insolvency of our operators could limit or delay our ability to recover on our investments.
[3] Code (the Bankruptcy Code ) would limit or, at a minimum, delay our ability to collect unpaid pre-bankruptcy rents and mortgage payments and to pursue other remedies against a bankrupt operator.
[4] In the event of the bankruptcy of a borrower on an unsecured loan made by us, we may not be able to recover against all or any of the assets of the borrower.
[5] Further, the presence of intercreditor arrangements may limit our ability to amend or assign loan documents, accept prepayments, exercise remedies and control decisions made in borrower bankruptcy proceedings.
[6] Failure by operators to comply with government regulations may adversely impact their ability to make debt or lease payments or meet their obligations to us.
[7] In addition, requirements applicable to our operators are subject to frequent and substantial changes (sometimes retroactive) resulting from new legislation, rules and regulations, changes in presidential administrations, and administrative and judicial legal interpretations, and any changes in the regulatory framework could have a material adverse effect on our operators and obligors.
[8] The failure of an operator to comply with these laws, requirements and regulations could adversely affect their ability to meet their obligations to us.
[9] The OBBBA s cuts to Medicaid and restrictions on provider taxes to other types of healthcare providers may adversely impact our operators indirectly to the extent states reduce reimbursement levels generally to offset reductions, including general provider tax reductions.
[10] Since our operators profit margins on Medicaid patients are generally relatively low, more than modest reductions or delays in Medicaid reimbursement to our SNF operators and an increase in the number of Medicaid patients could place some operators in financial distress, which in turn could adversely affect us.
[11] If funding for Medicare and/or Medicaid is reduced, it could have a material adverse effect on our operators results of operations and financial condition, which could adversely affect our operators ability to meet their obligations to us.
[12] We may be un