[1] RISK FACTORS Economic Risks Adverse economic conditions, a reduction in client spending, a deterioration in the credit markets or a delay in client payments could have a material effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[2] Such actions would reduce the 4 demand for our services and could result in a reduction of our revenue, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[3] A period of sustained inflation across our major markets could result in higher operating costs.
[4] In addition, the effects of inflation on consumer budgets could result in the reduction of our clients spending plans on the marketing and communications services we provide.
[5] If we are unable to increase our fees or take other actions to mitigate the effect of the resulting higher costs, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted.
[6] Where purchases of media and production services are made by our agencies as a principal or are not subject to the theory of sequential liability, the risk of a material loss as a result of payment default by our clients could increase significantly, and such a loss could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[7] Geopolitical events, international hostilities or acts of terrorism could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[8] This could result in suspension of our or our clients businesses in the affected region, which could impact client spending on our services.
[9] Global public health crises or pandemics or other similar health crises could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[10] If we are unable to remain competitive or retain key clients, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
[11] Key competitive considerations for retaining existing clients and winning new clients include our ability to develop solutions that meet client needs in a rapidly changing environment, the quality and 5 effectiveness of our services and our ability to serve clients efficiently, particularly large multinational clients, on a broad geographic basis.
[12] To the extent that we are not able to remain competitive or retain key clients, our revenue may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operat