[1] A multi-year plan was drawn up with the leakage, theft, misuse or destruction of data for exogenous or aim of reducing the level of risk from cyber threats and endogenous reasons (including cyberattacks, hacks, etc.) internally strengthening the maturity of risk management. or at a third party of the Group could have a material impact on the Group's business activities, performance and reputation.
[2] These could result in injuries, accidental identified and brought under control. pollution within or outside the Group sites, particularly when they The Operations Department issues internal rules that set out the are located in a populated area, and/or the temporary principles of L'Oréal's EHS Policy.
[3] Its Treasury and Financing Department centralises The management standards are regularly updated and form cash flows and the hedging of currency and interest rate risks. part of the continuous improvement process.
[4] This aims to The Department leads a network of treasurers in the Regions respond to the findings of the Internal Audit Department and and Countries, and applies the Group's financing policy. to cover the accounting and financial risks of the subsidiaries.
[5] These managers check purchases, management of inventories and non-current with the Legal & Compliance Department that communications assets, and payroll and cash management. comply with the required deadlines, laws and regulations.
[6] All material information provided to the management reporting information financial community reflects with truth and transparency the situation and business activities of the Group.
[7] The Group has introduced two hard closings (anticipating the work involved in the closure of Statutory Auditors financial statements) in May and November to prepare in advance and speed up closing times.
[8] This entailed formally documenting, in a single document (the “Book of Norms for Sustainability Reporting”), the definition, The Sustainable Finance function ensures consistency by scope and controls for each metric required by the new carrying out a critical review of variations as well as regulations.
[9] At inasmuch as it is intended to be continually enriched by the Country level, each finance team member identified as the findings of risk assessments and internal control points Sustainable Finance contact point assists the function's identified in both internal reviews and external reviews carried specialist with reviewing their reporting.
[10] Dedicated o