[1] Interested parties should be aware that the occurrence of the events described in these RISK FACTORS, elsewhere in this Form 10-K, and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
[2] Actual results, therefore, may materially differ from anticipated results described in our forward-looking statements.
[3] RISKS SPECIFIC TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY Deteriorating economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products, reduce access to credit, and cause our customers and others, with which we do business, to suffer financial hardship, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
[4] Changes in vehicle technology used by the original equipment manufacturers ( OEM ) on future vehicles, including but not limited to electric, hybrid, and internal combustion engines, may result in less frequent repairs, parts lasting longer, or elimination of certain repairs.
[5] The automotive aftermarket business is highly competitive, and we may have to risk our capital to remain competitive, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
[6] Online and mobile platforms may allow customers to quickly compare prices and product assortment and availability between us and a range of competitors, which could result in pricing pressure.
[7] Many factors outside of our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms.
[8] For example, financial or operational difficulties that our suppliers may face could increase the cost of the products we purchase from them or our ability to source products from them.
[9] If we are unable to effectively respond to such disruptions to our supply chain, or manage them more effectively than our competitors, our business and competitive position may be negatively impacted.
[10] In addition, changes in country specific trade policies, sanctions, practices, tariffs or taxes, import limitations, and other factors relating to foreign trade and port agreements could affect our ability to source products and our suppliers ability to source materials or provide products at current volumes and/or prices.
[11] These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our results of operati