[1] Declines in these markets could have a material adverse effect on our operating performance.
[2] The USPS contract and our performance under the contract are subject to the following risks, among others, that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows: The USPS ordering fewer units than we expect which could result in an impairment of our deferred contract asset.
[3] Throughout the product lifecycle, discontinuation of production parts by suppliers may result in unanticipated design costs.
[4] The USPS may exercise its right to terminate the contract for convenience. 13 Changes in trade policies and other factors beyond our control may adversely impact our results.
[5] Countries have adopted restrictive trade measures such as tariffs, taxation, foreign exchange controls, capital controls and controls on imports or exports of goods, technology or data, any of which could adversely affect our operations and supply chain or limit our ability to offer our products and services as intended.
[6] These kinds of restrictions could be adopted with little to no advance notice and could escalate in response to tariffs or restrictions imposed by the U.S. or other countries, and we may not be able to effectively mitigate any adverse impacts from such measures.
[7] Any of these events could increase the cost of our products, reduce demand for our products, create disruptions to supply chains or impair our ability to effectively operate and compete in countries where we do business.
[8] If our capacity expansion initiatives take longer or cost more than we anticipate or fail to deliver the operational efficiencies or throughput improvements we expect, we may be unable to meet forecasted sales, incur higher operating or capital costs or experience reduced margins.
[9] Any such delays or inefficiencies could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or competitive position.
[10] Fluctuations in prices of raw materials and other inputs may adversely impact our results.
[11] Furthermore, price increases may not be accepted by our customers and may result in them choosing to order from our competitors.
[12] Additionally, if costs decrease and we are unable to negotiate timely component cost decreases commensurate with any decrease in costs, then our higher component costs could put us at a disadvantage compared to our competition which could have a material adverse effect on our net sales, financi