[1] More particularly, a slowdown in building and remodeling activity, whether due to remote work or otherwise, or decreased public spending on infrastructure projects could adversely affect our financial performance.
[2] The impacts of these unexpected events are difficult to predict, but could result in higher costs or delays in our operations and/or adversely affect economic conditions in the regions where we operate and our financial performance.
[3] International transactions also involve increased financial and legal risks due to differing legal systems and customs in foreign countries, which could result in increased costs, risk of fines or penalties as well as reputational harm.
[4] These impacts may include hindering our ability to r ecruit and retain employees or deploy certain employees to the geographies where their skills are best utilized, increased costs for our customers, declining consumer confidence, significant inflation and diminished economic expectations, which could ultimately reduce demand for our products.
[5] While we take steps to mitigate or avoid these increased costs, disruptions and legal risks due to changes in trade policies, our ability to do so may be limited by operational and supply chain constraints, especially in the short term.
[6] In addition, our ability to recover cost increases and maintain profitability levels through price adjustments may be limited by competitive pressures, customer acceptance, and contractual limitations.
[7] Tariff actions by the U.S. and retaliatory actions by other countries have caused, and may in the future cause, significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets, which could adversely affect the availability, terms and cost of capital, including with respect to refinancing our existing debt, and which in turn could reduce our cash flows and harm our business.
[8] Changes to market and economic conditions in China, including credit conditions for our customers, have recently impacted and may continue to impact our ability to maintain New Equipment net sales in China at rates consistent with prior years as well as future growth of our Service segment.
[9] Furthermore, as is the case in many countries where we operate, China could impose additional regulatory and legal requirements, including requirements that could increase costs in China and/or restrict access to Chinese markets, which could negatively impact our overall financial performance.
[10] While these factors and th