[1] The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face.
[2] If any of the following risks or others not specified below materialize, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be materially adversely affected, and the market price of our common stock could decline.
[3] In addition, the impacts of any worsening of the economic environment may exacerbate the risks described below, any of which could have a material impact on us.
[4] Our business and operations have experienced growth in recent periods, and if we do not effectively manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems, processes, and controls, our operating results could be adversely affected.
[5] Our revenue growth rate in recent periods may not be indicative of our future performance, and we may not be able to maintain profitability, which could cause our business, financial condition, and operating results to suffer.
[6] If we are unable to sell new and additional product, subscription, and support offerings to our end-customers, especially to large enterprise customers, our future revenue and operating results will be harmed.
[7] If we are unable to attract new customers, our future results of operations could be harmed.
[8] We rely on revenue from subscription and support offerings, and because we recognize revenue from subscription and support over the term of the relevant service period, downturns or upturns in sales or renewals of these subscription and support offerings are not immediately reflected in full in our operating results.
[9] We rely on our channel partners to sell substantially all of our products, including subscriptions and support, and if these channel partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products and subscriptions will be limited and our operating results will be harmed.
[10] We are exposed to the credit and liquidity risk of our customers, and to credit exposure in weakened markets, which could result in material losses.
[11] We face intense competition in our market and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position.
[12] We have and may in the future acquire other businesses (including CyberArk), which could subject us to adverse claims or liabilities, require significant management attention, disrupt our business, adversely affect our operating results, may not result in the expected benefits of such acquisitions, and may dilute stock