[1] These are not the only risks we face.
[2] Additional factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may adversely affect, possibly to a material extent, our business, cash flows, financial condition, or results of operations in future periods.
[3] Business and Operational Risks We may not be able to keep pace with changes in technology or provide timely enhancements to our solutions and support.
[4] If our systems become outdated, it may negatively impact our ability to meet performance expectations related to quality, time to market, cost and innovation relative to our competitors.
[5] The failure to provide a more efficient and user-friendly customer-facing digital experience across internet and mobile platforms as well as in physical locations may adversely impact our business and operating results.
[6] If we do not integrate and update our systems in a timely manner, or if our investments in technology fail to provide the expected results, there could be a material adverse effect to our business and results of operations.
[7] The failure to continually develop enhancements and use of technologies such as robotics and other workflow automation tools, natural language processing, and AI/machine learning may impact our ability to increase the efficiency of and reduce costs associated with operational risk management and compliance activities.
[8] Defects in our solutions, errors or delays caused by our solutions and generative AI solutions not working as anticipated could result in additional development costs, diversion of technical and other resources from our other development efforts, loss of credibility with current or potential clients, harm to our reputation and exposure to liability.
[9] In addition, we rely on technologies and software supplied by third parties that may also contain undetected errors, bias, viruses, or defects that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[10] We rely upon information technology ( IT ) networks, cloud-based platforms, and systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to support a variety of business processes, some of which are provided by third-party vendors.
[11] Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, are increasingly more complex and sophisticated and may be difficult to detect for long periods 