[1] The occurrence of one of these events, or other related incidents, may result in health impacts on our workforce and/or surrounding communities, fatalities, and environmental damage.
[2] Interruptions or malfunctions at these systems and/or their infrastructure, caused by obsolescence, technical failures, deliberate acts, or even arising from geopolitical factors or derived from third-party systems, digital infrastructure and the cloud may harm or even paralyze our business and adversely impact our operations and reputation.
[3] Additionally, we are subject to increasing regulations related to AI, cybersecurity and information security, including among other aspects, adequate protection of data and digital assets, supervision of cyber risks, and incident reporting.
[4] Failure to comply with these regulations at the national and international levels may result in legal sanctions, as well as impacts on our image and reputation, and affect our operational and financial results. 1.c) Maintaining our long-term oil production objectives depends on our ability to successfully incorporate and develop our reserves .
[5] Our ability to incorporate additional reserves depends on exploration activities, which expose us to its inherent risks and may not lead to the discovery of commercially viable oil or natural gas reserves.
[6] Adding new reserves depends on our ability to conceive and implement development projects.
[7] Additionally, our failure to meet obligations established by the regulatory agencies may generate fines and liabilities.
[8] These claims involve substantial amounts of money and other resources, and the total cost of unfavorable decisions can have a material adverse effect on our results and financial condition.
[9] Depending on the outcome, litigation can result in restrictions on our operations and have a material adverse effect on some of our business.
[10] We can be affected by changes in rules, regulations and jurisprudence that can have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results. 1.f) We have substantial liabilities and may be exposed to significant liquidity constraints in the short and medium term, which may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results.
[11] Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 33 Our lack of investment grade credit rating and any lowering of our credit ratings may have adverse consequences on our ability to obtain financing in the market through debt or equity securities, or m