[1] The following risks, some of which have occurred and any of which may occur in the future, can have a material adverse effect on our business or financial performance, which in turn can affect the price of our publicly traded securities.
[2] These are not the only risks we face.
[3] Demand for our products depends in part on our ability to innovate and anticipate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences, including the types of products our consumers want and how they browse for, purchase and consume them.
[4] Any perception or allegation (whether or not valid) of failure to maintain adequate oversight over product quality or safety can result in product recalls, litigation, government investigations, inspections or inquiries or civil or criminal proceedings, all of which may result in fines, penalties, damages, criminal liability, damage to our reputation or changes in consumer demand.
[5] Any inability to compete effectively can adversely affect our business.
[6] Failure to attract, develop and maintain a highly skilled workforce or effectively manage changes in our workforce can have an adverse effect on our business.
[7] Our employees are highly sought after by our competitors and other companies and our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization.
[8] Our ability to do so has been and may continue to be impacted by challenges in the labor market, which has experienced and may continue to experience wage inflation, labor shortages, increased employee turnover, changes in availability of our workforce and changing worker expectations regarding flexible work models.
[9] In addition, failure to attract, retain and develop associates in a manner that supports our culture can damage our business results and our reputation.
[10] Our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and develop successful relationships with e-commerce retailers and hard discounters, while also maintaining relationships with our key customers operating in traditional retail channels (many of whom are also focused on increasing their e-commerce sales).
[11] In addition, our business can be adversely affected if we are unable to profitably expand direct-to-consumer e-commerce capabilities.
[12] Changing dynamics at the retail level have also impacted and may continue to impact our ability to grow in certain jurisdic