[1] Grounded in a clear and compelling employee value proposition, we are confident in our ability to build inclusive teams with the global talent necessary to succeed. 16 Table of Contents We invest in employee development in several ways, including experiential learning, growth assignments, relationships with colleagues, formal programming and just-in-time resources.
[2] Risks relating to economic conditions, market conditions and investments Adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs, as well as our access to capital and cost of capital.
[3] Volatility, uncertainty or disruptions in the capital or credit markets may result in the need for additional capital to maintain a targeted level of U.S. statutory capital relative to the NAIC s RBC requirements.
[4] Market conditions may hinder our ability to meet obligations, satisfy capital requirements, and access the capital needed to grow our business.
[5] Our failure to comply with these covenants, or the failure of lenders to fund their lending commitments, would restrict our ability to access these credit facilities and, consequently, could limit our flexibility in meeting our cash flow needs.
[6] Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. 18 Table of Contents Conditions in the global capital markets, including the equity, bond or real estate markets and the economy generally may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
[7] Continued adverse economic conditions may result in a decline in our AUM, AUA and revenues and erosion of our profit margins.
[8] A prolonged downturn in economic conditions could adversely impact the earnings of our borrowers and, therefore, their ability to honor their debt obligations, while also reducing the returns from our equity investments.
[9] In addition, reductions in employment levels of our existing employer customers may result in a reduction in membership levels and premium income for our specialty benefits products.
[10] Reductions in employment levels may result in a decline in employee deposits into retirement plans.
[11] Adverse economic changes may materially impact our net income and financial condition.
[12] Changes in interest rates or credit spreads or a prolonged low interest rate environment may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and our net income can