[1] The following discussion of RISK FACTORS identifies significant factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial position or future financial performance.
[2] Further, the maturity cash outflows of foreign currency debt and derivative instruments could be adversely impacted by significant appreciation of foreign currency exchange rates (particularly the Euro), which could adversely impact our overall cash flows and interest expense.
[3] Moreover, discriminatory or conflicting fiscal or trade policies in different countries, including changes to tariffs and existing trade policies and agreements, could adversely affect our results.
[4] Additionally, these and other economic conditions may cause our suppliers, distributors, contractors or other third-party partners to suffer financial or operational difficulties that they cannot overcome, resulting in their inability to provide us with the materials and services we need, in which case our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
[5] In addition, if we are unable to generate sufficient sales, income and cash flow, it could affect the Company s ability to achieve expected share repurchase and dividend payments.
[6] Changing political and geopolitical conditions could adversely impact our business and financial results.
[7] Changes in the political conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products, as well as changing geopolitical conditions, may be difficult to predict and may adversely affect our business and financial results.
[8] The potential implications of such uncertainty, which include, among others, exchange rate fluctuations, variability and unpredictability in trade relations such as U.S. trade relations, new or increased tariffs, trade barriers and market contraction, could adversely affect the Company s results of operations and cash flows.
[9] Ultimately, these could result in operational disruptions, loss of assets or impairments of our manufacturing plants and fixed assets or write-downs of other operating assets and working capital.
[10] A disruption in the credit markets or a downgrade of our current credit rating could increase our future borrowing costs and impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us, which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources or significantly increase our cost of capital.
[11] In addition, we rely on top-tier banking partners