[1] RISK FACTORS The following "RISK FACTORS" identify what we believe to be the risks that could materially adversely affect our financial and/or operational performance.
[2] Business and Operational Risks Risks arising from uncertainty in worldwide and regional economic conditions may harm our business and make it difficult to project long-term performance.
[3] In addition, our responses to mitigate the impact of these conditions, such as potential price increases, could negatively impact our market share or relationships with distributors or customers.
[4] If these conditions deteriorate or remain at depressed levels for extended periods, however, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
[5] As a global business, we are exposed to economic, political and other risks in different countries in which we operate, which could materially reduce our sales, profitability or cash flows, or materially increase our liabilities.
[6] Any increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, including trade with China, could adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial condition.
[7] We rely extensively on information technology systems to manage and operate our business, some of which are managed or accessible by third parties.
[8] In addition to existing risks, any adoption or deployment of or exposure to new technologies via acquisitions or internal initiatives or changes to our information technology systems as a result of divestitures may increase our exposure to risks, breaches, or failures, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
[9] Such events may result in possible negative consequences, such as fines, ransom demands, penalties, failure to comply with laws governing sensitive data, loss of reputation, intellectual property, competitiveness or customers, increased security and compliance costs or other negative consequences.
[10] Price and supply fluctuations of the raw materials used in our production processes and by our suppliers of component parts could negatively impact our financial results.
[11] Prices for raw materials necessary for production have fluctuated significantly in the past and significant increases could adversely affect our results of operations and profit margins.
[12] Our efforts to manage these fluctuations by, among other things, passing along price increases to our customers, may be subject to a time 