[1] Ongoing volatility in interest rates may negatively impact our operations and financial results.
[2] These factors could adversely affect the sales or pricing of our homes and could also reduce the volume or margins in our financial services business.
[3] Any limitations or restrictions on the availability of financing by these agencies could adversely affect interest rates, mortgage financing, and our sales of new homes and mortgage loans.
[4] Additionally, the availability of FHA and VA mortgage financing, which is subject to the same interest rate and lending term risks, is an important factor in marketing some of our homes, and reduced availability of these financing options could negatively impact our results of operations.
[5] If inflation persists or increases, we may not be able to adjust the pricing we charge for homes to offset these increased costs, which would adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
[6] Several of these factors, along with the consolidation of ownership of the source of supply for certain building materials, could result in increases to the prices of some materials.
[7] We may not be able to pass on increases in construction costs to customers and generally are unable to pass on any such increases to customers who have already entered into sales contracts as those sales contracts generally fix the price of the home at the time the contract is signed, which may be well in advance of the construction of the home.
[8] Sustained increases in construction costs may, over time, erode our margins, and pricing competition may restrict our ability to pass on any such additional costs, thereby decreasing our margins.
[9] Our success depends on our ability to acquire land suitable for residential homebuilding in accordance with our land investment criteria.
[10] Should suitable lots or land become less available, the number of homes we may be able to build and sell could be reduced, and the cost of land could be increased, perhaps substantially, which could adversely impact our results of operations.
[11] Any land shortages or any decrease in the supply of suitable land at reasonable prices could limit our ability to develop new communities or result in increased land costs.
[12] We may not be able to pass through to our customers any increased land costs, which could adversely impact our earnings and margins. 11 If the market value of our land drops significantly, our profits could decrease and result in write-down