[1] Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, our operating results, our financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
[2] We elaborate on these and other risks we face throughout this document, particularly in Item 7, Business Environment .
[3] Our strategic priority is the continued introduction, commercialization, and growth of our SFPs and if these efforts are not successful, in key markets or systematically, our financial results and future growth prospects may be materially adversely impacted.
[4] The decline in the consumption of cigarettes could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, cash flows and profitability, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our ability to fund our smoke-free transformation.
[5] However, these proposed guidance documents could ultimately lead to restrictions on the availability of certain of our SFPs or access to accurate information about them in one or more of our current or future markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and growth prospects.
[6] More specifically, requirements that lead to a commoditization of tobacco products or impede adult consumers' ability to access and convert to our SFPs, as well as any significant increase in the cost of complying with new regulatory requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and growth prospects.
[7] Federal, state or local government action, including regulatory actions and inaction by the FDA, may have a material adverse impact on our commercialization of SFPs and in our business in the United States.
[8] Failure to successfully manage compliance and to resolve any disputes that may arise regarding the application of legal and administrative requirements to our products could negatively impact the timing, manner, or success of our SFP commercialization in the United States, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, revenues, cash flows, or profitability.
[9] We face intense competition, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations .
[10] We are subject to highly competitive conditions in all aspects of our business.
[11] Certain SFP competitors may alienate consumers from innovative products through inappropriate marketing campaigns, messaging and