[1] RISK FACTORS We are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[2] Any one or more of these RISK FACTORS could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
[3] These RISK FACTORS and other risks we face are also discussed further in other sections of this Report.
[4] We are, however, susceptible to the risk that foreign economic conditions, trade policies (including tariffs) and geopolitical tensions could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
[5] The impact that these changes may have on our operations or financial condition are discussed in more detail in the Risk Factor headed As a regulated financial services firm, we are subject to numerous governmental regulations and comprehensive oversight by a variety of regulatory agencies and enforcement authorities.
[6] These regulations and their implementation can have a significant impact on our businesses and operations and our ability to grow and expand.
[7] As a regulated financial services firm, we are subject to numerous governmental regulations and comprehensive oversight by a variety of regulatory agencies and enforcement authorities.
[8] As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations intended to promote the safety and soundness of financial institutions, the stability of the U.S. banking and financial system (including protection of the DIF)), the transparency and liquidity of financial markets, and consumer protection that are not primarily intended to protect PNC security holders.
[9] Different approaches to regulation by different jurisdictions, including potentially conflicting federal and state regulations or state level regulations where we operate, could materially increase our compliance costs or risks of non-compliance.
[10] These activities also could result in significant fines, penalties or required corrective actions, some of which could be expensive, difficult to implement or materially impact our business or financial condition.
[11] A failure to comply with regulatory requirements or deficiencies in risk management practices could be incorporated in our confidential supervisory ratings, which could limit PNC s ability to expand or require additional approvals before engaging in certain business activities.
[12] We are subject to regulatory capital and liquidity standards that affect our business, operations 