[1] Accordingly, our ability to continue to generate revenue is highly reliant on our ability to successfully market and sell our Omnipod products to new and existing customers, which could be negatively impacted by the risks described throughout these RISK FACTORS.
[2] Failure to continue to successfully market and sell our Omnipod products or to retain and grow our customer base would have a negative impact our business, revenue, financial condition and results of operations.
[3] Our ability to grow our revenue depends in part on our retaining a high percentage of our customers.
[4] If demand for our products decreases as a result of economic conditions, competition, perceived inadequate customer service, product performance issues or otherwise, our ability to retain customers could be harmed.
[5] The failure to retain a high percentage of our customers would negatively impact our revenue growth and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[6] If we do not effectively manage our rapid growth, our business resources may become strained and we may not be able to deliver our products in a timely manner, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
[7] We may misjudge the amount of time or resources that will be required to effectively manage any anticipated or unanticipated growth in our business, we may not be able to manufacture sufficient inventory, and we may not be able to attract, hire, and retain sufficient personnel to meet our expanding needs.
[8] Failure to secure or retain adequate coverage or reimbursement for our products by third-party payors could adversely affect our business, revenue, financial condition, and results of operations.
[9] Further, we anticipate that recently enacted and proposed legislative changes affecting Medicare, Medicaid, and the Affordable Care Act may impact healthcare coverage, which, if implemented could adversely affect both demand for and pricing of our products.
[10] Moreover, compliance with administrative procedures or requirements of third-party payors may result in delays in the payor processing approvals for coverage of Omnipod products.
[11] As we expand our sales and marketing efforts internationally, we face additional risks associated with obtaining and maintaining reimbursement from foreign healthcare payment systems on a timely basis or at all.
[12] The marketing and sales initiatives driving this product line differ markedly from tho