[1] Each of the risks described in this section could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and liquidity.
[2] Unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles which may adversely affect our businesses and our results of operations, financial position and liquidity.
[3] Economic Risks Increases in prices and declines in the availability of raw materials could negatively impact our financial results.
[4] However, raw material supply chain disruptions, including logistical and transportation challenges, could adversely impact our ability to procure raw materials.
[5] An inability to obtain certain critical raw materials has adversely impacted our ability to produce certain products in the past and could do so in the future.
[6] This broad end-use market exposure and expanded geographic presence lessens the significance of any individual decrease in activity levels; nonetheless, lower demand levels may result in lower sales, which would adversely impact Income from continuing operations and Cash from operating activities.
[7] However, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar 2025 PPG ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 10 against major currencies, could adversely or positively affect our financial condition and results of operations which are expressed in U.S. dollars.
[8] With each of our businesses, an increase in competition may cause us to lose market share or lose customers, adversely impacting our sales volumes, or compel us to reduce prices to remain competitive, which could result in reduced margins for our products.
[9] Additionally, our ability to increase prices may impact the overall economics for the products we offer.
[10] Competitive pressures may not only reduce our margins but may also impact our revenues and our growth which could adversely affect our results of operations.
[11] Public health crises, including pandemics and the measures taken by public health and government authorities to address them, have adversely impacted our financial condition and results of operations in the past, and could adversely impact us in the future.
[12] Preventative and protective actions taken by public health officials, governments and PPG in response to public health crises could adversely impact our business, suppliers, distribution channels, and customers, due to business shutdowns, reduced workforce availability, reduced ability to supply products, or r