[1] Such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact of these risks on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
[2] Also, certain investments we hold, regardless of market conditions, are relatively illiquid and our ability to promptly sell these assets for their full value may be limited.
[3] Additionally, our valuation of investments may include methodologies, inputs and assumptions, which could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially impact our results of operations or financial condition.
[4] Financial deterioration of the obligor increases the risk of default and may increase the capital charges required under the regulatory frameworks we are subject to, potentially limiting our overall capital flexibility.
[5] Credit defaults (as well as credit impairments, realized losses on credit-related sales, and increases in credit related reserves) may result in losses which adversely impact earnings, capital and our ability to appropriately match our liabilities and meet future obligations.
[6] If this risk were to emerge, the Company would update assumptions used to calculate reserves for in-force business, which may result in additional assets needed to meet the higher expected annuity claims or earlier expected life claims.
[7] In particular, the development of a secondary market for life insurance, including life settlements or viaticals and investor-owned life insurance, and third-party investor strategies in the annuities business, could adversely affect the profitability of existing business and our pricing assumptions for new business.
[8] Our ability to reprice products is limited and may not compensate for deviations from our expected insurance assumptions.
[9] When interest rates decline or remain low, we must invest in lower-yielding instruments, potentially reducing net investment income and constraining our ability to offer certain 25 Table of Contents products.
[10] Alternatively, when interest rates rise, we may not be able to replace the assets in our general account with the higher-yielding assets as quickly as needed to fund the higher crediting rates necessary to keep these products and contracts competitive.
[11] In addition, rising interest rates could cause a decline in the market value of fixed income assets the Company manages which in turn could result in lower asset management fees earned.
[12] In addition, there are practical and capital market limitatio