[1] Where the Group is issues such as pandemics, natural catastrophes, and sector-specific required to sell its investments within a defined time frame, such (eg in banking, insurance, or real estate) slowdowns or deteriorations market conditions may result in the sale of these investments at which have the potential to result in widespread contagion impacts. below expected or recorded prices.
[2] Geopolitical and political risks and uncertainty may adversely impact the Group’s operations and its operational resilience.
[3] Any such downgrades could have a material adverse effect on Prudential’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[4] Risks relating to these regulatory changes are described in risk factor Failure of these initiatives to meet their objectives 4.1 below. may adversely impact the Group and the delivery of its strategy.
[5] Without sufficient, well-structured and relevant data, AI of the intended benefits, if at all, of these initiatives, unplanned costs, systems may produce unreliable or biased results or outputs that are implementation delays or failure to deliver intended outcomes could not explainable or auditable.
[6] A failure to requirements and the development of new technologies, including AI, adequately oversee service partners (or their technology and may vary across the markets the Group operates in.
[7] Failure to adhere to these and controls will always be effective, if at all.
[8] Due to human error, policies may result in regulatory scrutiny and sanctions and detriment among other reasons, operational and model risk incidents may occur to customers and third-party partners, and may adversely impact the from time to time, and no system or process can entirely prevent reputation and brand of the Group, its ability to attract and retain them.
[9] In particular, the Any of the foregoing, individually or together, could have a material Group’s medical insurance businesses are also exposed to medical adverse effect on Prudential’s business, financial condition, results of inflation risk, which is often in excess of general price inflation.
[10] Failure to understand all contribute to biodiversity degradation, which in turn can and manage these divergent views across the markets in which potentially pose threats to human health.
[11] Prudential operates may adversely impact the financial condition and reputation of the Group.
[12] A failure to understand, manage and provide greater transparency 