[1] Group has not identified any additional issues that may have a material impact on the The total consideration for the acquisition was impairment tests.
[2] The derivative contracts entered into by the (c) Price risk Group are negotiated with leading financial The Group is exposed to price risk in relation to institutions on the basis of strategic metal prices purchases and sales of strategic materials, the quoted on the London Metal Exchange (“LME”), price of which is subject to market volatility.
[3] The the New York market (“COMEX”) and the main raw materials used by the Group in its Shanghai Futures Exchange (“SFE”). production processes consist of strategic metals The following sensitivity analysis shows the such as copper, aluminum and lead.
[4] The cost of effect on consolidated equity of a 10% increase/ purchasing such strategic materials accounted decrease in strategic material prices versus for approximately 64.01% of the Group’s total prices at December 31, 2025 and December 31, cost of materials in 2025 (63.7% in 2024), forming 2024, assuming that all other variables remain part of its overall production costs. equal.
[5] It does not refer to the ensure that Group companies deal with statement impact on the income statement of the cost of independent, highly rated, reliable purchasing strategic materials. counterparties.
[6] The Group does (e) Liquidity risk Parent company not have excessive concentrations of credit risk.
[7] It Prudent management of the liquidity risk nonetheless has procedures aimed at ensuring arising from the Group’s normal operations that sales of goods and services are made to implies maintaining an adequate level of cash financial statement reliable customers, taking account of their financial and short-term deposits, as well as ensuring the situation, track record and other factors.
[8] RESTATEMENT OF COMPARATIVE FIGURES". 407 D.1 Capital risk management The Group also monitors capital using a gearing ratio (i.e. the ratio between net financial debt The Group’s objective in capital risk management and capital).
[9] Auditors' report D.3 Risks related to climate-related D.4 Risks related to the introduction impacts of US tariffs As explained in more detail in the section In response to persisting trade tensions, the US “Sustainability Strategy: New economic and administration introduced new customs tariffs social targets for 2028, Net Zero and Net Gain by in 2025.
[10] These tariffs have been placed