[1] Risks Related to Our Properties and Our Business Natural disasters, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, or other events that could damage or otherwise disrupt our ability to operate our facilities could adversely impact our business and financial results.
[2] In addition, perceptions about the risk of property loss from these events could negatively impact self-storage demand.
[3] The acquisition of existing properties or self-storage operating companies is subject to risks that may adversely affect our growth and financial results.
[4] We face significant competition for suitable acquisition properties and companies from other real estate investors, including operating companies and private equity funds.
[5] As a result, we may be unable to acquire the companies or additional properties we desire or the purchase price for desirable companies or properties may be significantly increased.
[6] There are significant risks involved in developing self-storage facilities, such as delays, cost increases, or inability to complete development projects due to changes in or failure to meet government or regulatory requirements, failure of revenue to meet our underwriting estimates, delays caused by weather issues, unforeseen site conditions, or personnel problems.
[7] Significant competition from self-storage operators, property developers, and other storage alternatives may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers and may negatively impact our ability to generate revenue.
[8] Shifts in population and demographics could cause the geographical distribution of our portfolio to be suboptimal and affect our ability to maintain occupancy and attract new customers.
[9] Security incidents could result in the perception that our properties are not safe.
[10] Our newly developed and expanded facilities, and facilities that we manage for third party owners, may negatively impact the revenues of our legacy facilities.
[11] However, we may not have detected all material liabilities, we could acquire properties with material undetected liabilities, or new conditions could arise or develop at our properties, any of which could result in a cash settlement or adversely affect our ability to sell, lease, operate, or encumber affected facilities. 9 Elevated interest rate levels could adversely impact us and our tenants.
[12] Economic downturns or adverse economic or industry conditions, including those related to high levels of inflation, could adversely impact ou