[1] Violations of FCC rules may result in substantial monetary fines, the imposition of reporting obligations, limited renewals of broadcast station licenses and, in egregious cases, denial of license renewal or revocation of a license.
[2] Global Data Protection Laws and Privacy Laws We are subject to a number of data protection and privacy laws in many of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws in a number of different U.S. states, the U.K. and the E.U.
[3] RISK FACTORS Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters We are subject to complex, often inconsistent and potentially costly laws, regulations, industry standards and contractual obligations relating to privacy and data protection .
[4] If we are unable to manage costs, maintain such partnerships, or achieve sufficient scale, we may fail to meet our profitability goals.
[5] If we are unable to attract, engage and retain users and offset the loss of users who cancel or stop engaging with our streaming services, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
[6] Our ability to generate advertising revenues also depends on demand for our content, the viewers in our targeted demographics, advertising rates, targeting capabilities, results observed by advertisers, the perceived effectiveness of our advertising offerings and alternative advertising options.
[7] In addition, if advertising buyers require the use of specific television measurement solutions, our inability to reach or maintain agreements with the providers of such solutions may negatively impact our advertising revenues.
[8] Our ability to generate advertising revenues can also be impacted, and in certain circumstances has already been impacted, by an increasing number of global laws and regulations, including limitations on how we deliver to, target or measure audiences.
[9] See Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters We are subject to complex, often inconsistent and potentially costly laws, regulations, industry standards and contractual obligations relating to privacy and data protection.
[10] We operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively.
[11] We face substantial and increasing competition to attract creative talent, to produce and acquire the rights to high-quality content, acquire, engage and retain audiences and users, and distribute our co