[1] The Group’s business, financial condition or results from operations could be objectives, as well as possibly reducing investment returns and impact the Group’s ability to reinvest or materially adversely affected by any or all of these risks, or by other risks that it presently cannot identify. distribute profits.
[2] Our ability to do this successfully of changes in policy or processes described above, would lead to lower sales and profits in the future unless depends in part on the public willingness to use AI in the learning sector.
[3] Any of these factors could negatively impact the Group’s financial results and growth ability to compete effectively could be impaired. prospects in the US education sector.
[4] However, we are subject to evolving laws, international accords and policies or the changing of their interpretation or application, including those on environmental sustainability, human capital and governance topics.
[5] Failure to use the Group’s data effectively to enhance the quality and scope of current products and The Group’s forward-looking IPR strategy includes efforts to maintain a broad footprint of intellectual property services in order to improve learning outcomes could adversely affect the Group’s business. rights in key markets outside the US.
[6] The loss or diminution in value of these proprietary rights or the Group’s If the Group does not adequately protect its intellectual property and proprietary rights, its competitive intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and financial performance. position and results may be adversely affected and its ability to grow restricted.
[7] This increases the service delivery, information technology security (including viruses and cyberattacks), e-commerce, enterprise risk of failure to realise anticipated benefits or of costs being higher than anticipated, or that the Group’s resource planning system implementation and upgrades.
[8] When talented employees directly or indirectly the Group’s information and operations, could adversely affect its reputation or financial leave, the Group may have difficulty replacing those skills, and its business may suffer.
[9] Penalty clauses and/or the failure to retain these contracts at the end of the contract In October, Higher Education began to directly distribute our proprietary Advanced Placement (AP®), Dual term could adversely impact future sales and/or operations.
[10] Our perform