[1] Non-financial risks are also addressed in the shareholders, employees, clients and other stakeholders.
[2] Human rights and dynamic table of environmental, social and governance environmental risks are presented in Section 4.4.6, to (ESG) indicators, cross-referencing with other standards, is comply with Duty of Care requirements.
[3] As part of the also available on the website (CSR Section) under the Groupe’s Climate strategy, the work carried out on these heading “CSR Smart data.” risks is presented in Section 4.2.1.3; This sustainability report covers the period from January 1 to ■ the governance of the Groupe and the functioning of its December 31, 2024.
[4] The 844 entities worldwide (except entities acquired for less than six months at ■ the simplified cross-reference table specific to ESRS can December 31, 2024) are covered by this sustainability be found in Section 4.1.11 reporting; these are entities with employees.
[5] The same The methodology and processes in place for CSR and applies to European subsidiaries that may be subject to the sustainability reporting are explained in Section 4.1.2.
[6] It covers the Company’s operations, including the upstream value chain (suppliers, In accordance with French and European regulations, the partners, etc.), and the intellectual services to companies certification report of the sustainability information offered to its downstream clients.
[7] Joint work between sub- groups was carried out on shared topics such as the double for preparation materiality analysis.
[8] The financial reporting to the same level of requirements as double materiality analysis explored the 20 key issues in financial reporting, to give a more complete understanding greater depth and defined their scope in terms of impacts, of the Company’s activities and its impacts.
[9] This Directive risks and opportunities (IRO).
[10] This analysis continued in also aims to harmonize and to improve the quality of 2024, identifying the four ESRS standards considered non- sustainability information published by European material: companies.
[11] The regulator has given companies the opportunity to report on their progress in implementing the ■ ESRS E2 - Pollution: with regard to the double materiality 4 analysis and the type of intellectual services offered to texts, so certain data points will be available gradually (in the Groupe’s clients, pollution issues do not appear to be 2025 or 2026).
[12] The use of scope limitati