[1] These RISK FACTORS do not identify all risks we face, and additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business.
[2] CYBERSECURITY AND TECHNOLOGY RISKS Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could result in serious harm to our reputation, business, and financial condition.
[3] Any of the foregoing events may subject us to fines, penalties, regulatory or other enforcement actions, and adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial condition.
[4] A catastrophic event that results in a disruption to or failure of our systems or operations could result in significant losses and require substantial recovery time and significant expenditures to resume or maintain operations.
[5] Any of the foregoing risks could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[6] A prolonged interruption of, or reduction in, the availability, speed, or functionality of our products and services could materially harm our business and financial condition.
[7] We have incurred transaction losses and other expenses as a result, including claims under our protection programs, and this or other disruptions may subject us to increased regulatory scrutiny, fines, penalties and litigation.
[8] We rely on facilities, components, applications, software, and services supplied by third parties, including data center facilities and cloud data storage and processing services.
[9] If these third parties experience operational interference or disruptions (including a cybersecurity incident), fail to perform their obligations, or breach their agreements with us, our operations could be disrupted or negatively affected, which could result in customer dissatisfaction, regulatory scrutiny, and damage to our reputation and brands, and materially and adversely affect our business.
[10] In addition, any latency, disruption, or failure in our AI systems or infrastructure could result in delays or errors in our offerings.
[11] We rely in part on third parties, including some of our competitors, for the development of and access to new or evolving technologies.
[12] Our ability to adapt our existing products and services to incorporate new technologies or develop future and new products and services using new technologies may be limited or restricted by industry-wide standards, platform providers, payments networks, changes 