[1] Any of the following risks, as well as additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, beyond our control or that we currently deem immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
[2] Further, customers continually evaluate the benefits of internal manufacturing versus outsourcing, and a customer s decision to internally manufacture products that we provide may negatively impact us.
[3] If we are unable to maintain our competitive position, we could experience downward pressure on prices, fewer customer orders, reduced margins, the inability to take advantage of new business opportunities and a loss of market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
[4] If our competitors can benefit from such government incentives and we cannot, it could strengthen our competitors relative position and have a material adverse effect on our business.
[5] Failure to timely react to these trends and manage our product portfolio and innovation activities responsively could decrease the competitiveness of our products and result in the de-selection of us as a partner of choice.
[6] Fluctuations in the demand for semiconductors and the overall volume of semiconductor manufacturing may decrease demand for our products and may adversely affect our business.
[7] If we do not, or are unable to, adequately anticipate changes in our business environment, we may lack the infrastructure, manufacturing capacity and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth.
[8] If we are unable to anticipate and respond to rapid technological change and customer requirements by continuing to innovate and introduce new and enhanced products and solutions, we may experience a loss of market share, decreased sales, revenue, profitability and damage to our reputation.
[9] A failure to successfully anticipate and respond to technological 16 Table of Contents changes by developing, marketing and manufacturing new products or enhancements to our existing products could harm our business prospects and significantly reduce our sales.
[10] Further changes to or our failure to comply with these and similar regulations may result in significant unanticipated costs, liabilities or capital expenditures or require changes in business practice that could result in reduced margins or profitability.
[11] We face risks arisin