[1] The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, reputation, and prospects.
[2] The following is a summary of principal risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects.
[3] If we fail to increase or retain our user base, and in particular, our daily active uniques ( DAUq ), or if user engagement declines, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects will be harmed.
[4] If Redditors do not continue to contribute content or their contributions are not valuable or appealing to other Redditors, we may experience a decline in the number of Redditors accessing our products and services and in user engagement, which could result in the loss of advertisers and may harm our reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects.
[5] Our business depends on a strong brand and reputation, and if we are unable to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation, our ability to expand our user and advertiser bases will be impaired and our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be harmed.
[6] We have a history of net losses and we may not be able to maintain profitability in the future.
[7] The failure to attract new advertisers, the loss of advertisers, or the reduction of or failure by advertisers to maintain or increase their advertising budgets would adversely affect our business.
[8] Changes in our products or to those operating systems, networks, devices, web browsers, online application stores, regulations, or standards may harm Redditor retention, growth, and engagement, which could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects.
[9] Failure to comply with such laws, rules, regulations, industry standards, and other legal obligations could harm our business.
[10] Interest in our Class A common stock from retail and other individual investors, for reasons unrelated to our underlying business or macro or industry fundamentals, could result in increased volatility in the market price of our Class A common stock.
[11] This ownership will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, and any major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval, including change of c