[1] If any of the events described in the RISK FACTORS actually occur, our business, financial condition or operating results, as well as the market price of our securities, could be materially adversely affected.
[2] Compliance with Governmental Regulations We are subject to various regulatory and tax-related requirements within the jurisdictions in which we operate.
[3] Changes to such requirements, or the interpretation of such requirements by applicable regulatory bodies or the judiciary, may result in unanticipated material financial impacts or adverse tax consequences and could materially affect our operating results and financial condition.
[4] If we fail to qualify as a REIT, distributions to stockholders will not be deductible by us, we will not be required to distribute any amounts to our stockholders, and all distributions to stockholders will be taxable as regular corporate dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits.
[5] The presence of such substances, or the failure to properly address contamination caused by such substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the property or borrow using the property as collateral, and could result in claims by and liabilities to third parties relating to contamination that emanated from our properties.
[6] If any of the events described in the following RISK FACTORS actually occur, our business, financial condition and/or operating results, as well as the market price of our securities, could be materially adversely affected.
[7] Macroeconomic, political, and geopolitical conditions and governmental policies may adversely impact consumer confidence and spending and the businesses of our tenants and could, in turn, adversely impact our business.
[8] A variety of macroeconomic, political, and geopolitical factors, driven in some cases by governmental policy decisions, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely affect the operating environment for retailers and service providers, including increasing the potential for a recession.
[9] All of this, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows, and the financial condition of the Company.
[10] Changes in interest rates may adversely impact our cost to borrow, real estate valuation, stock price, and ability to raise capital through issuance of debt and equity.
[11] Prolonged periods of elevated or volatile interest rates may adversely impact our cost of borrowi