[1] In this section, we first provide a summary of the more significant risks and uncertainties we face and then provide a full set of RISK FACTORS and discuss them in greater detail.
[2] Summary of RISK FACTORS As noted above, we are subject to a number of risks that if realized could materially harm our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition.
[3] Some of the more significant risks and uncertainties we face include those summarized below.
[4] We and our collaborators on which we rely to commercialize some of our marketed products may be unable to continue to successfully commercialize or co-commercialize our products, both in and outside the United States.
[5] Many of our products are intended to be used in combination with drug-delivery devices, which may result in additional regulatory, commercialization, and other risks.
[6] Intellectual Property and Market Exclusivity Risks We may not be able to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, and our patents or other means of defending our intellectual property may be insufficient to protect our proprietary rights.
[7] Manufacturing and Supply Risks We rely on limited internal and contracted manufacturing and supply chain capacity, which could adversely affect our ability to commercialize our products and to advance our clinical pipeline.
[8] Our ability to manufacture products may be impaired if any of our or our collaborators' manufacturing activities, or the activities of other third parties involved in our manufacture and supply chain, are found to infringe patents of others.
[9] Third-party service or supply failures, failures at our manufacturing facilities in Rensselaer, New York and Limerick, Ireland, or failures at the facilities of any other party participating in the supply chain would adversely affect our ability to supply our products.
[10] Our business activities have been, and may in the future be, challenged under U.S. federal or state and foreign healthcare laws, which may subject us to civil or criminal proceedings, investigations, or penalties.
[11] If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate program or other governmental pricing programs, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties, sanctions, and fines.
[12] We face risks from the improper conduct of our employees, agents, contractors, or collaborators, including those relating to potential non-compliance with relevant laws an