[1] If we are unable to mitigate these cost increases, or if demand for our vehicles decreases due to the higher cost, economic uncertainty or global or domestic recession, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
[2] Any failure to adequately increase revenues or contain and/or reduce costs could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability in the future, in which case our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows would be materially and adversely affected.
[3] If we are unable to mitigate these increased production costs, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
[4] If we are unable to efficiently manage our cost of revenues, operating expenses, and capital expenditures, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows would be materially and adversely affected.
[5] Our ability to obtain the necessary financing to carry out our business plan is subject to a number of factors.
[6] Our ability to receive advances under our DOE Loan is subject to certain conditions, including the achievement of certain milestones, which may not be achieved at the time that we anticipate or at all.
[7] If we are unable to do so, we will not be able to achieve profitability.
[8] Any failure to meet our delivery targets could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
[9] Reduced EV segment demand could lead to lower sales, revenue shortfalls, loss of customers, and increased inventory, which may result in further downward price pressure and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
[10] In addition, through the creation of the Joint Venture , the electrical architecture and vertically integrated software used in our vehicles will be integrated into vehicles outside of Rivian , which could negatively impact our ability to compete.
[11] Our competitors with greater financial resources may be able to adjust their pricing strategies, with limited impact on their business, while any adjustment in pricing strategies that we undertake will have a greater impact on our business and we may not be able to competitively match their actions.
[12] If we do not adjust our pricing strategies, we may experience lower vehic