[1] RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in the following sections, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and the trading price of our common and preferred stock.
[2] The list of RISK FACTORS provided in the following sections is not exhaustive; there may be other factors that adversely impact our results of operations, harm our reputation or inhibit our ability to generate new business prospects.
[3] If we fail to address, or appear to fail to address, issues that may give rise to reputational risk, we could significantly harm our business prospects.
[4] In addition, the failure to either sell securities we have underwritten at anticipated price levels or to properly identify and communicate the risks inherent in the products and services we offer could also give rise to reputational risk.
[5] A failure or perceived failure to maintain appropriate service and quality standards or to treat clients fairly can result in client dissatisfaction, litigation, and heightened regulatory scrutiny, all of which can lead to lost revenue, higher operating costs, and reputational harm.
[6] AND SUBSIDIARIES Index whether they relate to our activities, could lead to a general loss of client confidence in financial institutions that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the financial system in general.
[7] Any cyber-attack or other security breach of our technology systems, or those of our clients or other third parties we rely on, could subject us to significant liability and harm our reputation.
[8] We also rely on numerous third parties, including service providers that utilize cloud technologies to conduct other aspects of our business operations, and we face similar risks relating to them.
[9] A technological breakdown could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting and other regulatory requirements, exposing us to potential disciplinary action by regulators.
[10] As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as U.S. federal, state, and international laws governing the protection of personally identifiable information.
[11] An inability to maintain adequate funding and liquidity to operate our business could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition.
[12] Furthermore, as a BHC, we may becom