[1] Businesswomen Leading the Sustainability to genuine and impactful efforts.
[2] In 2023, the Risk and Compliance functions, ensuring the full protection of the Group from both team, boasting 72 professionals responsible for identifying, division renewed its ISO 31000:2018 certificate, which provides conventional and emerging risks.
[3] Financial Statements overseeing, and mitigating the Group’s operational, liquidity, guidelines for managing any form of risk in a systematic, market, and credit risks.
[4] To ensure the reviewing process is at maximum of the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer. for the second consecutive year. efficiency, the function carries out frequent reviews with the Firm’s departments in accordance with each function’s risk 2023 Operational Highlights The department has also achieved the renewal of the ISO level and the internal scores awarded in the previous review.
[5] In 2023, EFG Holding’s Risk team conducted business 22301:2012 certification for the seventh consecutive year.
[6] The Accordingly, high- and medium-risk departments are reviewed continuity drills to ensure group-wide business continuity and Group has also successfully obtained an investment banking on an annual basis, and low-risk departments are reviewed to mitigate related risks, and it conducted evacuations drills to license in the UAE to expand operations.
[7] This aligns with the every other year, except for regulated entities that are required ensure employee safety.
[8] Additionally, the division conducts team conducted extensive compliance reviews to ensure of operation, with continuous improvements and updates follow-ups on previous audit findings to ensure they have been compliance with the local rules and regulations and group implemented across the entire Group. appropriately addressed and corrected.
[9] In alignment During 2023, the Internal Audit function successfully completed with this, the Risk and Compliance Department is committed Our Team its annual audit plan.
[10] The Risk and Compli- new products, continuity of business lines, and subsidiaries — The division continued to use TeamMate — a bespoke digital tool ance Group was responsible for overseeing the AML, GDPR, particularly in the Investment Bank and NBFI platform arms — are introduced as part of EFG Holding’s wider digital transformation and Anti-fraud course.
[11] By the end of 2023, EFG Holding had seamlessly integrated into EFG Holding’s control frameworks, and st