[1] Europe’s 1st circular We rely on a growing ecosystem of expanding subsidi- aries dedicated to the circular economy, to give a sec- Re-start economy factory Re-cycle ond life to materials and components.
[2] that may imperil the objectives outlined which, in particular, examine and approve the map- in the strategic plan.
[3] It first identifies and assesses ping work of major risks facing the Group then monitor risks, which it maps according to a top-down analysis risk action plans. with input from a bottom-up risk assessment.
[4] Second, it oversees the effective implementation of necessary risk reduction action plans that operational depart- Groupwide roll-out of risk RENAULT GROUP RISK FACTORS CRITICALITY LEVEL ments draft and deploy.
[5] It builds on work produced by LOW MEDIUM HIGH the Internal Control and Internal Audit departments. management and monitoring systems That is sent through to the Risks and Internal Control Global warming risks We strongly believe that risk management policies only truly work when supported by all.
[6] Hence, our Risk of insufficient response to disruption of existing activities risk management system is built around three lines: Strategy operational management, global functions and the Risk of insufficient capacity to develop new business Internal Audit Department.
[7] Risk of inadequate performance by the Alliance OUR RISK MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE Operational management adapts and deploys in its Risk of supply chain disruption area of responsibility the principles and techniques AUDIT AND RISKS COMMITTEE (ARC) of internal control and risk management defined at Risks related to geopolitical instability and economic conditions BOARD OF MANAGEMENT (BOM) Group level.
[8] Operations Risk of insufficient capacity to restore operational performance Global functions establish and circulate reference Risks and Internal Control Ethics and Compliance Committee (RICC) Committee (ECC) texts on risk management.
[9] They ensure that the Risk of natural, health or industrial disasters policies and standards are properly applied and Social risk implemented.
[10] We are strengthening our leadership in electric vehicles, thinking broadly about all stages in the life cycle and reducing our consumption of materials to do more with less.
[11] Their analysis is divided into two cat- As a carmaker and mobility player, our role in the fight against climate egories: transition risks, linked to the shift towards a low-carbon economy and all the