[1] Our Risk Management Policy sets out Roche’s UN Sustainable Development Goals approach to identifying, analysing, managing We support the United Nations Sustainable and reporting internal and external risks and Development Goals (SDGs) within the sphere of our opportunities.
[2] A consolidated Group Risk Report, corporate business strategy.
[3] We contribute to a which covers all material risks and opportunities, is number of the SDGs, but our greatest contribution is discussed annually with the Corporate Executive to SDG 3, Good Health and Well-Being.
[4] This goal is Committee and reviewed by the Board of Directors. closely connected with the achievement of universal health coverage, which goes hand in hand with The effectiveness of the Group Risk Management better access to quality essential medicines and Process is regularly monitored by the Group Risk diagnostics.
[5] We published our first Communication through our flexible ways of working. on Progress (CoP) in the first quarter of 2022 and will submit our second CoP in the first quarter Risk: Disconnection within the company and increased silo thinking of 2023. can reduce innovation and drive duplication.
[6] PwC provides limited assurance on selected key figures in the areas of: i) safety, security, health and Opportunity: A competitive advantage can be created for Roche environmental protection, ii) people and culture and through the strengthening of relationships with governments, patient iii) grants, donations, and sponsorships.
[7] The full list of business sustainability trends and their associated risks and opportunities can be found on our risk management website (link on the previous page). 32 Materiality and impact Our purpose is Doing now what patients need next.
[8] Environment How we identify and meet those needs – what we do The respect for a healthy planet and for the every day – must be sustainable if we are to succeed. environment has always been a priority of our It is why sustainability is built into our business founding families and the company.
[9] Our approach to materiality are the climate actions in line with the Science assessment is integrated – building on our Group Based Targets Initiative (SBTi).
[10] The Value Risk Management Process – and inclusive, being Balancing Alliance (VBA) is an initiative in designed collaboratively with colleagues across which an alliance of multinational corporations multiple functions.
[11] We gathered insights from a develop a