[1] We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions, or integrate acquisitions successfully.
[2] Our future rate of growth is highly dependent on our ability to acquire and successfully integrate new businesses.
[3] Difficulties encountered with acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 9 Our technology is important to our success, and our failure to protect this technology could put us at a competitive disadvantage.
[4] Actions to enforce these rights may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, and we make no assurances that any such actions will be successful, particularly given evolving uncertainty regarding protection and ownership of AI-assisted outputs.
[5] We rely on information and technology, including third-party cloud computing platforms and other third-party business partners, for many of our business operations which could fail and cause disruption to our business operations.
[6] A shutdown of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage, or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications, or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis.
[7] We rely on business partners such as third-party data centers and cloud platforms, such as Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, Microsoft Azure, and Oracle Cloud to host certain enterprise and customer systems.
[8] Our ability to monitor such third parties security measures and the full impact of the systemic risk is limited, and concentration with a limited number of providers increases exposure to outages and pricing changes.
[9] Failure of our systems or those of our third-party service providers, may result in interruptions in our service and loss of data or processing capabilities, all of which may cause a loss in customers, refunds of product fees, and/or material harm to our reputation and operating results.
[10] We face emerging risks from AI-powered attacks, including deepfakes used to impersonate executives or customers, AI-assisted social engineering, prompt injection attempts against AI systems, and data poisoning targeting machine learning models.
[11] Any imposition of liability, particularly liability that is not covered by insurance or is in excess of insurance coverage, could materially harm our operating results and financial condition.
[12] We use AI in o