[1] Risks and uncertainties that apply to both Ross and dd s DISCOUNTS include, without limitation, the following: MACROECONOMIC AND RETAIL INDUSTRY BUSINESS RISKS We are subject to impacts from changes in the macroeconomic environment, government regulation or policy, geopolitical conditions, and financial and credit markets.
[2] Continuing inflation, tariff increases (or threats of increases), potential supply chain disruptions, and other external events may have significant negative effects on our costs, and also on consumer confidence, shopping behavior, and spending, which may adversely affect our sales and profitability.
[3] These risks could adversely affect our revenues and expenses, increase our effective tax rates, and reduce our profitability and market share.
[4] Intense pressures from our competitors, our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape, or a failure to effectively execute our off-price model, could reduce demand for our merchandise, decrease our inventory turnover, cause us to take greater markdowns, and negatively affect our sales and margins.
[5] Unexpected changes in the level of consumer spending or preferences could adversely affect us.
[6] Our success depends on our ability to effectively buy and sell merchandise that meets customer demand.
[7] Unseasonable weather and prolonged, extreme temperatures, as well as events such as storms, affect consumers buying patterns and willingness to shop, and may adversely affect the demand for merchandise in our stores, particularly in apparel and seasonal merchandise.
[8] Among other things, weather conditions may also affect our ability to deliver our products to our stores or require us to close certain stores temporarily, thereby reducing store traffic.
[9] As a result, adverse or unseasonable weather in any of our markets could lead to lower-than-expected sales and cause us to increase our markdowns, which may negatively affect our sales and margins.
[10] We may experience unexpected decreases in sales from time to time, which could result in increased markdowns and reduced margins.
[11] If sales in a certain period are lower than our plans, we may not be able to adjust operating expenses concurrently, which could adversely affect our operating results.
[12] STRATEGIC RISKS We depend on the market availability, quantity, and quality of attractive brand name merchandise at desirable discounts, and on the ability of our buyers to source and purchase 