[1] Market risk remains unchanged, with uncertainty around external market volatility and significant shocks (such as global conflict or the repeat of a pandemic) offset by our ability to withstand these events increasing through our greater business resilience.
[2] Rolls-Royce has processes in place to identify emerging risks, being Principal risks are owned by one or more members of the Executive uncertainties that could become a principal risk of the future.
[3] These Team and subject to a review by the Executive Team at least once each include horizon scanning for resilience, regulatory and compliance year, ahead of a review by the Board or a Board Committee.
[4] Risks are changes (including those relating to ESG) and disruptive new managed in relation to achieving target risk appetite or beyond.
[5] Outputs are assessed actions needed to achieve or maintain these target positions are also by subject matter experts and, where we identify any potential new monitored. impacts on Rolls-Royce, we: Changes to the principal risks profile in 2024 — record a new risk; We continue to review our principal risks, their dynamic nature and how well they are managed.
[6] During 2024, we have redefined two of — amend an existing risk and manage this in accordance with our our previous risks, technology and climate change (now energy framework as described on page 52; or transition), to reflect our strategy development in these areas. — add the emerging risks to our watch list for investigation and monitoring.
[7] New The overall risk level within our portfolio has reduced during 2024, as risks added in 2024 relate primarily to fuel and energy sources both individual risks have reduced and/or we have improved control threats and opportunities.
[8] Details of these changes can be found in the following risks, such as social polarisation, as described in the table above. tables, starting on page 55, which detail the current principal risk pillars and drivers together with how we manage them and assure them in addition to internal audit and the oversight provided by the Board and its Committees.
[9] This risk has improved during 2024, due to the strengthening of controls around people safety.
[10] People safety related metrics and more information on how we are reducing safety risks can be found on page 18.
[11] Our compliance risks have reduced in 2024 due to the improved effectiveness of our controls to manage the risks.
[12] Overall, this risk remained stable in