[1] RISK FACTORS While we utilize robust processes and resources to identify and manage risks, we are subject to various risks and uncertainties in the course of our business, some of which are comparable to the risks any business is exposed to and some that are unique to our operations.
[2] The following summarizes the known material risks and uncertainties that may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[3] These risks are not the only risks we face.
[4] If any of the events described below as risks actually occur, it could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations or impair our ability to implement our business plans or complete development activities as expected.
[5] Economic risks related to our business Volatility of natural gas, NGLs and oil prices affects our cash flow and capital resources and could significantly hamper our ability to operate economically.
[6] Natural gas, NGLs and oil prices are volatile, and a decline in prices could adversely affect our profitability and financial condition.
[7] Competition for markets has been vigorous and there remains uncertainty about prices purchasers will pay or the availability of sufficient storage, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial position.
[8] We rely on third-party contractors to provide key services and equipment for our operations.
[9] Our ability to acquire additional drilling locations and to find and develop reserves in the future will depend on our ability to evaluate and select suitable properties and to consummate transactions in a highly competitive environment for acquiring properties, marketing products and securing equipment and trained personnel.
[10] The unanticipated loss of one or more of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[11] Further, the loss of key technical professionals with extensive experience in our core operating area could be difficult to replace if they were to leave and the loss of such employees could adversely affect the costs of drilling, completing and operating our wells.
[12] We may not be able to successfully compete in the future in acquiring prospective reserves, developing reserves, marketing hydrocarbons, attracting and retaining trained personnel and raising additional capital, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 17 Our debt obligations may limit our liquidity