[1] Our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected due to any of the following risks.
[2] The risks described below are not the only ones we face.
[3] Future changes in global general economic conditions or in production, consumption or export of metals, including as a result of economic slowdown or trade policies, could cause fluctuations in metal prices globally, which could adversely affect our profitability and cash flows.
[4] During periods of rising metal costs, our results may be negatively impacted by increases in the costs of the metals we purchase if we are unable to make equivalent increases in the selling prices of the products we sell.
[5] If the Section 232 measures are removed or substantially lessened, whether through legal challenge, legislation, executive action or otherwise, then imports of foreign metals would likely increase and metal prices in the U.S. would likely fall, which could materially adversely affect our revenues, financial results and cash flows.
[6] We operate in an industry that is subject to cyclical fluctuations and any downturn in general economic conditions or in our customers specific industries could negatively impact our profitability and cash flows.
[7] We compete with a large number of companies in the metals service center industry, and, if we are unable to compete effectively, our profitability and cash flows may decline.
[8] If we were to lose any of our primary suppliers or otherwise be unable to obtain sufficient amounts of necessary metals on a timely basis, we may not be able to meet our customers needs and may suffer reduced sales.
[9] Our ability to meet our customers needs and provide value-added inventory management services depends on our ability to maintain an uninterrupted supply of high-quality metal products from our suppliers.
[10] If, in the future, we are unable to obtain sufficient amounts of the necessary metals at competitive prices and on a timely basis from our customary suppliers, we may not be able to obtain these metals from acceptable alternative sources at competitive prices to meet our delivery schedules.
[11] Even if we do find acceptable alternative suppliers, the process of locating and securing these alternatives may be disruptive to our business, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to meet our customers needs and reduce our profitability and cash flows.
[12] Using foreign sources of supply could result in longer lea