[1] Compliance with regulatory requirements The Group takes into account changes in the global geopolitical environment, which may result in export restrictions to countries, legal entities or individuals.
[2] In 2023, the assessment process for highrisk third parties was digitalized; Regular and appropriate information is distributed to all members of the Group Executive Committee, the executive management teams of the Group companies and all employees directly or indirectly involved in preventing corruption risk.
[3] ENGAGE FOR THE FUTURE ◼ 2025 objective #9: 100% of senior executives and exposed or affected employees(4) trained in anticorruption. ◼ Anticorruption pillar no. 6 – Control and monitoring of procedures ◼ Anticorruption pillar no. 7 – Internal alert system (see section 5.5.1.2) Safran has a control framework for its corruption risk prevention and detection program.
[4] Safran accordingly complies with all applicable export control regulations for military equipment, dual-use products and civilian equipment, and related technologies and services.
[5] It allows for an exchange of information on the progress made, difficulties encountered and risks identified, the implementation of joint improvement actions and the sharing of information on the latest regulatory developments.
[6] Internal compliance program To take into account the risks associated with export control activities (see section 4.3.2.1), Safran has established a system aimed at ensuring strict compliance with all export control regulations and laws in all Group companies worldwide.
[7] The system has been specifically adapted for Safran subsidiaries in the United States to comply with US regulatory requirements, such as the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) and all restrictive measures imposed by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC).
[8] Safran provides all of its employees with a tool to assess the compliance of operations and financial transactions involving countries, legal entities and individuals subject to sanctions or embargoes, and to obtain a better understanding of regulations.
[9] To improve understanding of national and international regulations, and proper application of them, Safran participates in a variety of working groups with public authorities and trade associations, such as the French Aerospace Industries Association (GIFAS), the Aerospace, Security and Defence Industries Association o