[1] The AGM from the issue of the schemes, and performance criteria held on 17 May 2023 resolved to approve the demerger related to the insurance margin and/or return on capital Sampo plc publishes the 2023 Remuneration Report plan and the demerger was successfully completed on 1 at risk (RoCaR) applicable for each instalment.
[2] Persons subject to the deferral rule shall at in full on the website of the Securities Market regulatory approval for the acquisition of Oona Health payout from the schemes acquire Sampo A shares with Association at www.cgfinland.fi/en.
[3] A/S from the Danish Competition and Consumer a certain part of the instalment after deducting income Authority, and the acquisition was completed on 1 tax and other comparable charges.
[4] The report, Sampo Group Sustainability Report 2023, will be separate from During 2023, Sampo committed to the Science Based Sampo maintained its focus on responsible investment the Board of Directors’ Report and published Targets initiative (SBTi) and started to develop science- practices during 2023.
[5] Investment policies were around the turn of March and April 2024 at based climate targets for its own operations and strengthened by adding further instructions on how to www.sampo.com/year2023.
[6] The targets will be submitted to the SBTi take environmental, social, and governance (ESG) Group’s sustainability reporting into the Board of for validation no later than October 2025.
[7] Climate- Directors’ report according to the requirements of the the individual Group companies continued to work on related considerations were highlighted, as Sampo is Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) in their company-specific targets according to schedule. committed to setting science-based climate targets for 2025 covering the reporting year 2024.
[8] Sampo has a sustainability programme, which drives the sustainability work on a group level.
[9] The programme Corporate culture Products and services consists of strategic sustainability themes and under In 2023, Sampo advanced sustainable corporate culture, In 2023, Sampo continued to develop the sustainability each of the themes the most material sustainability for example, by updating related policies, conducting of its supply chains.
[10] Sampo’s sustainability employee surveys, launching new employee initiatives, science-based climate target for its supply chain stating themes are Sustainable business management and and developing training.
[11