[1] Additionally, we face competition from traditional offline options used by the vast majority of restaurants in our markets, including paper menus, telephone orders for delivery or takeout, and local advertising placed by restaurants.
[2] We are subject to a variety of laws, regulations, and local ordinances in the jurisdictions in which we operate and they are also evolving and difficult to predict.
[3] We may also be compelled to expend significant resources or discontinue certain services or features which could adversely affect our business.
[4] While we hope to continue to expand and make our technology platforms broadly available, these laws, regulations, and ordinances may limit our ability to expand geographically or require us to expend significant resources to modify our platforms, systems, or alter our business model in order to do so.
[5] Further, if we are unable to comply with regulation imposed upon our business, we could be subject to regulatory proceedings, fines or other penalties, along with potential civil and criminal proceedings.
[6] Our success depends upon our ability to identify, attract and retain highly qualified management and other key operating and technology personnel.
[7] Factors that may affect our ability to attract and retain qualified employees include employee morale, our reputation, competition from other employers, and availability of qualified individuals.
[8] We consider talented management a very important factor in our ability to drive our strategic initiatives and execute our long-term growth strategy and appreciate the importance of retention, growth and development of our employees.
[9] Risks Related to Our Operations If we fail to retain existing diners or add new diners, or if our diners continue to decrease in number and number of orders or order sizes decrease on the Platforms, our revenue, financial results, and business may be adversely affected.
[10] To the extent that the number of our Active Diners continues to trend down, our business performance could become increasingly dependent on our ability to increase the size of orders in current markets and the 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS size and frequency of orders in new markets.
[11] If diners do not perceive the Platforms to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain diners or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and amount of orders.
[12] A decrease in diner retention, growth, order frequency or overall order price