[1] Extreme weather has the potential to directly damage our network facilities and other infrastructure and/or disrupt our ability to build and maintain portions of our network and could potentially disrupt suppliers ability to, among other things, provide the products and services we require to support our operations.
[2] The potential physical effects of extreme weather, such as storms, floods, fires, freezing conditions, sea-level rise and other adverse weather events could negatively affect our operations and infrastructure and, as a result, our financial results.
[3] Operational impacts resulting from extreme weather, such as, among other things, damage to our Hybrid MNO and/or Pay-TV infrastructure, could result in increased costs and loss of revenue.
[4] Our failure to effectively invest in, introduce and implement new competitive products and services could cause our products and services to become obsolete and could negatively impact our business.
[5] Our operating results are dependent to a significant extent upon our ability to continue to introduce new products and services, to upgrade existing products and services on a timely basis and to reduce costs of our existing products and services.
[6] We may not be able to successfully identify new product or service opportunities or develop and market these opportunities in a timely or cost-effective manner.
[7] In addition, delays in the delivery of components or other unforeseen problems associated with our technology may occur that could materially and adversely affect our ability to generate revenue, offer new products and services and remain competitive.
[8] We rely on a single vendor or a limited number of vendors to provide certain key products or services to us, and the inability of these key vendors to meet our needs could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[9] While alternative sources for these products and services exist, we may not be able to develop these alternative sources quickly and cost-effectively, or at all, which could materially impair our ability to timely deliver our products to our subscribers or operate our business.
[10] We depend on suppliers, including suppliers with manufacturing in China and other countries, for various materials in our Hybrid MNO, satellite and related infrastructure, Pay-TV and Wireless businesses.
[11] Supply chain disruptions, customs delays, new compliance requirements and other challenges may cause delays in deploying network infra