=== GWW_2026-03-10.htm.gz ===
tm261342-1_nonfiling - none - 22.6545005s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 W.W. Grainger, Inc. (Name of registrant as specified in its charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS A Message from Our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 10, 2026 Dear Grainger Shareholders: We are pleased to invite you to attend the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders of W.W. Grainger, Inc. on Wednesday, April 29, 2026, at 8:00 a.m. Central Time. This year s annual meeting will be held virtually with no in-person attendance. The meeting will include a report on our operations and other matters of current interest. Shareholders will also vote on the matters described in the accompanying Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement, and any other matters, properly brought before the meeting. To provide shareholders with the information they need efficiently, while at the same time conserving natural resources and lowering the cost of delivery, we have elected to deliver our proxy materials electronically. On the following pages in the Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement, you will find instructions on how to: vote by internet, by telephone or by mail; and receive a paper copy of the proxy materials by mail. We hope you will take the time to carefully read the Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement. Regardless of whether you plan to attend the meeting, please ensure that your shares are represented by giving us your proxy. You can do so by telephone, by internet, or, for those electing to receive a paper copy, by signing and dating the proxy form and returning it promptly in the envelope provided. We look forward to your participation. Sincerely, D.G. Macpherson Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 100 Grainger Parkway Lake Forest, Illinois 60045-5201 (847) 535-1000 Time and again, our Grainger team members demonstrate an unwavering commitment to serving our customers, supporting our communities and helping us deliver exceptional results for our shareholders. To deliver on our purpose We Keep The World Working in 2026 we will continue to provide a best-in class offer, invest to fuel growth, and above all, uphold the culture that sets Grainger apart. TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders LOGISTICS Date and Time 8:00 a.m., Central Time, on Wednesday, April 29, 2026 Shareholders Meeting (Held Virtually) Record Date March 2, 2026 MEETING AGENDA BOARD RECOMMENDATION PROPOSAL 1: To elect 12 Director nominees named in the proxy statement for the ensuing year Vote FOR all nominees PROPOSAL 2: To ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the independent auditor for the year ending December 31, 2026 Vote FOR PROPOSAL 3: To approve on a non-binding, advisory basis the compensation of Grainger s Named Executive Officers Vote FOR For additional information about our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting ), see Questions and Answers beginning on page 78 . We will also consider any other matters that may properly be brought before the 2026 Annual Meeting (and any postponements or adjournments of the meeting). Virtual Meeting We will hold the 2026 Annual Meeting virtually. We believe hosting a virtual annual meeting enables shareholders to attend and participate fully and equally, improves meeting efficiency and our ability to effectively communicate and engage with shareholders regardless of their holdings, resources or physical location and provides cost savings to W.W. Grainger, Inc. (the Company ). To virtually attend the 2026 Annual Meeting, visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GWW2026 (the Annual Meeting Website ) and enter the 16-digit control number found on your proxy card or voting instruction form ( Control Number ). You may vote your shares and submit your questions prior to the 2026 Annual Meeting. We will answer questions germane to the Company at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Proxy Materials This 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders, the following proxy statement and the accompanying proxy card were first distributed or made available to shareholders on or about March 10, 2026. By order of the Board of Directors, Paul J. Stanukinas Vice President, Corporate Secretary TABLE OF CONTENTS Admission Shareholders of W.W. Grainger, Inc. ( Grainger or the Company ), as of March 2, 2026 (the Record Date ), may attend the 2026 Annual Meeting virtually, via webcast format, on April 29, 2026 at 8:00 a.m., Central Time. Voting Regardless of whether you plan to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting, we hope you will vote as soon as possible. You may vote your shares prior to the 2026 Annual Meeting electronically or by telephone. If you received a paper copy of a proxy or a voting instruction card by mail, you may submit your proxy or voting instruction card before the 2026 Annual Meeting by completing, signing, dating and returning your proxy or voting instruction card in the pre-addressed envelope provided. For specific instructions on voting, see Questions and Answers Voting Information beginning on page 79 . INTERNET TELEPHONE MAIL www.proxyvote.com until 10:59 p.m. CT on April 28, 2026* 1-800-690-6903 until 10:59 p.m. CT on April 28, 2026* Mark, sign, and date your proxy card and return it in the pre-addressed postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to: Vote Processing c/o Broadridge 51 Mercedes Way Edgewood, NY 11717 * Or until 10:59 p.m. CT on April 26, 2026, if your shares are held in the W.W. Grainger, Inc. Retirement Savings Plan (the Retirement Savings Plan ), the W.W. Grainger, Inc. 401(k) Plan or the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Electronic Delivery of Proxy Materials We encourage all shareholders to voluntarily elect to receive all proxy materials electronically. This helps reduce the paper materials mailed to you and supports our goal of minimizing our environmental footprint. SIGN UP FOR E-DELIVERY AT WWW.PROXYVOTE.COM. Please have your 16-digit Control Number available. BENEFITS OF E-DELIVERY: immediate and convenient access to the materials helps us reduce our impact on the environment helps us reduce our printing and mailing costs Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be Held Virtually on April 29, 2026. This Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, the following proxy statement, the accompanying proxy card and our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K are available under Financials in the Investor Relations section of our website at https://invest.grainger.com and also may be obtained free of charge on written request to the Office of the Corporate Secretary at Grainger s headquarters, at 100 Grainger Parkway, Lake Forest, Illinois 60045-5201. TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents 1 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 1 The Role of the Board 3 Director Independence 3 Transactions with Related Persons 5 Board Qualifications, Attributes, Skills, and Background 7 Attendance of Directors at Meetings 7 Annual Election of Directors 7 Candidates for Board Membership 8 Agreement Involving Director Nominee 9 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 9 Director Nominees Experience and Qualifications 20 Board and Committee Meetings; Executive Sessions 20 Board Committees Membership 21 Audit Committee 22 Board Affairs and Nominating Committee 23 Compensation Committee of the Board 24 Leadership Structure 24 Lead Director 25 Board, Committee, and Director Evaluations 27 Board Oversight 28 Corporate Responsibility The Grainger Impact Program 30 Political Activity 30 Other Communications with Directors 30 Available Information 31 Director Compensation 32 2025 Director Compensation Table 33 Ownership of Grainger Stock 35 Delinquent Section 16 Reports 35 Insider Trading Policy 36 Report of the Audit Committee 37 Audit Fees and Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 38 PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR 39 Report of the Compensation Committee of the Board 40 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 40 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 42 Executive Summary 45 Compensation Philosophy, Plans and Practices 58 Compensation Tables 63 Employment Agreements, Change in Control and Termination of Employment Arrangements 70 CEO Pay Ratio 71 Pay Versus Performance 76 Equity Compensation Plans 77 PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY 78 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS 78 Virtual Meeting 78 Proxy Materials 79 Voting Information 81 INFORMATION NOT INCORPORATED INTO THIS PROXY STATEMENT 81 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS A-1 APPENDIX A CATEGORICAL STANDARDS FOR DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE B-1 APPENDIX B NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES AND DEFINITIONS TABLE OF CONTENTS invest.grainger.com 1 PROXY STATEMENT Corporate Governance The Role of the Board The Board of Directors (the Board ) acts as the steward of the Company for the benefit of the shareholders. The Directors have a wealth of business experience and a solid track record in situations relevant to the Company s strategy and operations. The Board recognizes the importance of driving the design and execution of our strategy to create sustainable long-term value for Grainger s shareholders and other stakeholders. The Board plays an active role in formulating strategy and overseeing its implementation as to business, operational, financial, regulatory, corporate responsibility, and other matters. The Board has a robust annual strategic planning process during which key elements of our business, financial plans, strategies, and near-term and long-term initiatives are explained and reviewed. This process includes extended Board sessions with our senior leadership team to review Grainger s overall strategy, talent, opportunities, capabilities, risks, and challenges. In addition, the Board reviews Grainger s short- and long-term financial plans, which serve as the basis for the operating and capital plans for the upcoming year. The annual strategy process also helps shape the strategic content presented in our communications with the investment community. In addition to annual strategic reviews, the Board works with appropriate members of the Company s management team, who in turn consult with external advisors on at least a biennial basis to identify and prioritize key risks to the Company based on factors such as materiality and timeline implications. Further, the Board s continuous evaluation of the Company s strategic progress and risk oversight enables it to identify new opportunities and emerging risks with respect to our strategy and plans throughout the year. The Board closely monitors Grainger s management processes and financial resources to help fulfill our purpose We Keep The World Working and to remain the go-to-partner for people who build and run safe, sustainable, and productive operations. In 2026, the Company expects to continue to focus on the following four priorities as we aim to continue serving our customers maintenance, repair, and operating ( MRO ) solutions better than anyone else, grow market share profitably and make Grainger a great place to work: Drive profitable market share gains by delivering on our growth drivers and service improvements; Integrate operational excellence and productivity in all we do to keep our business healthy and sustainable; Strengthen our culture and ensure an outstanding team member experience by consistently demonstrating our principles; and Meet our financial goals across both the high-touch solutions and endless assortment business models. Board Actions The Board believes that a diverse, experienced, and vibrant board significantly contributes to the broad-based thinking needed to reach sound decisions. These attributes equip the Board to oversee the Company in meeting both current challenges and future needs and ultimately assists in driving shareholder value. The 2026 Board slate consists of 12 Director nominees who bring various experiences and backgrounds to our Board, including six non-employee Directors who have joined the Board since 2020. The addition of these Directors demonstrates the Board s commitment to gaining the benefits of broad perspectives and backgrounds. The Board s various experiences and viewpoints directly align with our global business needs, reflect our strong corporate governance practices and remain consistent with our goals. The Board is regularly evolving and refreshing. For example, our six most recently appointed non-employee Directors have enhanced Board effectiveness with a range of experiences and expertise, such as technology, digital commerce, finance and corporate transactions, workforce diversification, and global logistics management. Corporate Culture: The Grainger Edge The Board strongly believes that the Company s culture must be tightly aligned with its business strategy to create value. To that end, the Board is actively engaged with senior management in cultivating Grainger s culture. The Board believes that a purpose-driven culture has been an asset of the Company that creates a sustainable competitive advantage. Building on the Company s strong foundation while evolving a framework to address future challenges is critical to Grainger s continued success. In 2019, the Company introduced the Grainger Edge , a strategic framework that defines the Grainger culture, including the Company s purpose, aspiration, and how team members work together to achieve Grainger s strategy. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS 2 2026 proxy statement The Grainger Edge includes a set of principles that defines the behaviors expected from team members as they work with each other, customers and suppliers. As highlighted on the inside of this proxy statement s cover page, the Grainger Edge principles are: Start with the customer. Act with intent. Win as one team. Embrace curiosity. Compete with urgency. Invest in our success. Do the right thing. The Grainger Edge principles support the Company s commitment to building a welcoming culture where all team members operate under the highest ethical standards both inside and outside of the Company. The Board fully endorses these principles and believes that alignment to them creates value for shareholders. The Grainger Edge is also foundational to the Company s customer-focused business strategy. This strategy aims to consistently gain share through two distinct business models, positioning Grainger to leverage its scale and supply chain to support customers with a variety of needs. The Company aligns its pay for performance compensation philosophy with the Grainger Edge to help further the Company s strategy and long-term value creation. The Board is actively engaged in making the Grainger Edge a successful foundational framework for the Company and its employees in an effort to consistently serve customers and gain share. The Board understands that top talent is necessary to achieve these goals and supports the Company s commitment to providing employees with resources designed to help them succeed. The Company s culture and principles advance the Board s role of attracting, retaining, motivating, and developing top talent across the Company. The Board routinely conducts in-depth reviews of senior leaders and their development. This engagement gives the Board insight into the Company s talent and succession plans. The Board believes a culture of legal and ethical behavior is essential to positioning the Company to achieve its goals. Our Business Conduct Guidelines apply to all Directors, officers, and team members and were updated in August 2025. Grainger team members are required to complete Business Conduct Guidelines training and certification. Delivering business results and creating a sustainable business that does the right thing has guided the Company for nearly 100 years. The continuing commitment to these objectives is illustrated by the Company s corporate responsibility efforts known as the Grainger Impact Program. The Board believes that a thoughtfully articulated approach to corporate responsibility can help build resilient processes, keep employees more engaged, and enable quicker decision-making. These benefits have positioned us to build a sustainable end-to-end supply chain to continue to serve our customers well. See Corporate Responsibility The Grainger Impact Program beginning on page 28 . Collectively, the activities of the Board and its Committees in reviewing strategy, Grainger Impact Program focus areas, culture, talent, and ethical behavior enable the Company to help millions of customers worldwide keep their operations running and their people safe. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS invest.grainger.com 3 Corporate Governance Practices The Company has a history of strong corporate governance. A key priority of the Board is to set the tone at the top. This is reflected in the Board s commitment to governance policies and practices that serve the interests of the Company and its shareholders. Key aspects include: 11 of our 12 Director nominees are independent Annual election of all Directors 100% independent Board Committees Majority voting with Director resignation policy Proxy access in Grainger s By-laws ( By-laws ) Shareholders may call special meetings No poison pill or shareholder rights plan No overboarded Directors under the voting guidelines of Institutional Shareholder Services ( ISS ) Board orientation and education programs Active shareholder engagement 33% of our Director nominees are women and 25% of our Director nominees are racially diverse Skills/demographics matrix regularly reviewed and annually disclosed Commitment to Board refreshment six new Directors since 2020 Well-defined Director recruitment strategy and process Appropriate mix of Director tenures Age 72 retirement guideline Robust Director selection process Onboarding orientation centered on strategy, competition, financial reporting, governance and risk management Annual Board and Committee evaluations and Director self-assessments Independent Lead Director, elected annually by and from the independent Directors Regular executive sessions, where independent Directors meet without management present to allow for candid discussion of management performance, succession planning, and other sensitive matters Active Board oversight of strategy, risk management, corporate culture, and Grainger Impact Program focus areas Annual review of Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) programs Committees assist in oversight of risk areas related to Committee responsibilities Active role in succession planning and management development Business Conduct Guidelines, Equity Award Agreement Clawback Provisions, NYSE-Compliant Clawback Policy, Equity Ownership Requirements, and Prohibition on Hedging/Pledging of Company Stock under the Company s Insider Trading Policy One vote per share on all matters, including director elections Operating Principles for the Board of Directors The Board recognizes that defining its role is an evolving process and has established Operating Principles for the Board of Directors (the Operating Principles ) as a general framework to assist the Board in fulfilling its duties and responsibilities. Each year, the Board reviews and, as appropriate, revises the Operating Principles to address emerging needs and practices. The Operating Principles are available under Governance in the Investor Relations section of our website at https://invest.grainger.com . Director Independence Our Board of Directors is committed to excellence in its governance practices, including director independence and Board composition. The Board determined that each Director nominee, except Mr. Macpherson, is independent. The Board has adopted categorical standards to assist it in making independence determinations of Director nominees. The categorical standards are intended to help the Board determine, for example, whether certain relationships between nominees and the Company are material relationships for purposes of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) independence standards. The categorical standards adopted by the Board have more restrictive thresholds than the NYSE s bright line revenue test for independence. The categorical standards adopted by the Board are set forth in Appendix A to this proxy statement and are also available under Governance in the Investor Relations section of our website at https://invest.grainger.com . The Board considered a variety of factors, including any related party transactions, in assessing the independence of our Directors against the NYSE s independence standards and the Company s categorical standards. The Board also considered ordinary course business transactions and charitable donations by the Company to companies or organizations where a Director serves as an officer and/or a board member. The Board has determined that all of our non-employee Director nominees have no direct or indirect material relationship with the Company within the meaning of the NYSE independence standards and the Company s categorical standards and, accordingly, meet the requirements for independence set forth in the NYSE s listing standards. Transactions with Related Persons Grainger s Business Conduct Guidelines require that conflicts of interest in any form be avoided. The Board has adopted written policies and procedures, to be applied by the Board Affairs and Nominating Committee of the Board (the BANC ), for the review, approval, or ratification of any transactions with related persons. Those policies and procedures apply to any proposed transaction in which Grainger is a participant, the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and any Director, executive officer, or significant shareholder or any immediate family member of such a CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS 4 2026 proxy statement person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. The policy requires that any such proposed transaction be previously reviewed by the BANC to determine, among other things, the benefits of the transaction to Grainger, the availability of other sources of comparable products or services, and whether the terms of the proposed transaction are comparable to those provided to unrelated third parties. The BANC determined that the Company did not engage in any related person transactions from January 1, 2025 through the date of this proxy statement. In the ordinary course of its operations during January 1, 2025 through the date of this proxy statement, Grainger engaged in various types of transactions with organizations with which Directors are associated in their principal business occupations or otherwise. Specifically, in the ordinary course of its business from January 1, 2025 through the date of this proxy statement, Grainger bought products and/or services from, or sold products and/or services to, companies with which Mses. Jaspon, Miller, Perez, and Slavik Williams and Messrs. Adkins, Davis, Santi, and White are or were associated as senior executives or otherwise as of December 31, 2025. We believe that such transactions have been conducted on an arm s-length basis and do not represent a material interest to the Directors. In addition, as part of its overall 2025 charitable contributions program, Grainger made donations to tax-exempt organizations with which one or more Directors serve as officers, Directors or trustees. In no instance did the total amount of the contributions to any charitable organization exceed $33,450 from January 1, 2025 through the date of this proxy statement. Grainger annually matches each Director s charitable contributions on a three-to-one basis up to a maximum Company contribution of $7,500 and provides discounts on product purchases, both on the same basis as provided to U.S. Grainger employees. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS invest.grainger.com 5 Board Qualifications, Attributes, Skills, and Background We determined that the Board s various experiences and viewpoints benefit us most when they are aligned with our global business needs, and our strong corporate governance practices. As a result of the Board s ongoing refreshment efforts, in recent years, we added Directors with expertise in technology, digital commerce, finance and corporate transactions, workforce diversification and global logistics management. The six Directors added to the Board since 2020 George S. Davis, Katherine D. Jaspon, Christopher J. Klein, Cindy J. Miller, Susan Slavik Williams, and Steven A. White bring valuable diverse perspectives and experiences to the Board. The Directors varied perspectives support our business as a broad line, business-to-business distributor of MRO products and services with 2025 sales of approximately $17.9 billion. The Company operates through its distribution centers, eCommerce platform, contact centers, branches and sales and service representatives with approximately 25,000 employees, 90% of whom are located in North America and 10% in Asia. More than 5,000 primary suppliers worldwide provide the Company with approximately 2 million MRO products and services in our High-Touch Solutions businesses and approximately 13 million and approximately 29 million products offered by Zoro and MonotaRO, respectively, in our Endless Assortment segment. More than 4.6 million customers worldwide rely on the Company. Director Nominees Qualifications, Attributes, Skills, and Background Matrix The following table highlights specific experience, qualifications, attributes, skills, and background information that the Board considered for each Director nominee. A particular Director nominee may possess additional experience, qualifications, attributes or skills, even if not indicated below. Corporate Governance/Public Company Experience Human Resources/Compensation Operational/Strategy Experience serving as a public company director; demonstrated understanding of current corporate governance standards and best practices in public companies Experience managing a human resources/ compensation function; experience with executive compensation and broad-based incentive planning Experience developing and implementing operating plans and business strategy Digital/eCommerce International Real Estate Experience implementing digital and omnichannel strategies and/or operating an eCommerce business Experience overseeing a complex global organization Experience overseeing complex real estate matters that are integral to a business Business Ethics Public Company/Leadership Risk Assessment Risk Management Track record of integrity, uncompromising moral principles and strength of character C-Suite experience with a public company and/or leadership experience as a division president or functional leader within a complex organization Experience overseeing complex risk management matters Finance/Capital Allocation Supply Chain/Logistics Technology/Cybersecurity Knowledge of finance or financial reporting; experience with debt and capital markets transactions and/or mergers and acquisitions ( M A ) Experience in supply chain management encompassing the planning and management of all activities involved in sourcing, and procurement, conversion, and all logistics management Experience implementing technology strategies and managing/mitigating cybersecurity risks Government/Public Policy Marketing/Sales Brand Management Experience overseeing complex regulatory matters that are integral to a business Experience managing a marketing/sales function, and in increasing the perceived value of a product line or brand over time in the market CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS 6 2026 proxy statement Adkins Davis Jaspon Klein Macpherson Miller Novich Perez Santi Slavik Williams Watson White The following age, Board tenure, gender, and race/ethnicity information of the Board nominees is as of March 2, 2026: Board Refreshment Process The Board believes that a fully engaged Board is a strategic asset of the Company, and fresh viewpoints and perspectives are important for informed decision-making. At the same time, the Company believes that year-over-year Director continuity is beneficial to shareholders as Directors develop a deeper understanding of the Company over time. The Board generally plans for vacancies well before they arise and periodically evaluates whether its Directors collectively have the right mix of experiences, qualifications, attributes, skills, backgrounds, and diverse viewpoints necessary for it to be a good steward for the Company s shareholders. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS invest.grainger.com 7 The results of these evaluations are used to help inform searches for potential Board nominees and to screen Director candidates. In planning for Board refreshment and Director succession, the BANC periodically considers potential Director candidates. As a result of these ongoing reviews, six new independent Directors have joined the Board since 2020. The Board has established principles for selecting Directors in the Company s Criteria for Membership on the Board of Directors (the Criteria ), which are reviewed on a periodic basis. The Criteria list various factors that the BANC should consider in reviewing candidates for the Board. Grainger s Criteria provide that Directors who will be age 72 as of the next annual meeting generally will not be nominated. Board Tenure As a group, the average Board tenure of the 2026 nominees for election to the Board is approximately 9 years, with 45% of the non-employee nominees having tenure of five years or less. See Board Qualifications, Attributes, Skills, and Background beginning on page 5 for a matrix reflecting tenure for each nominee . Board Diversity In addition to stating the desired relevant business experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills for Directors, the Criteria also enumerate personal characteristics that should be considered, including reputation for ethics and integrity, sound judgment, independent and objective thought, and respect for diverse opinions. Regarding diversity, the Criteria specify that consideration will be given to candidates without regard to race, color, religion, gender or national origin. To ensure that the Board benefits from diverse perspectives, it seeks qualified nominees from a variety of backgrounds, to ensure that its composition reflects the right balance of skills, qualifications, and attributes. Attendance of Directors at Meetings As set forth in the Operating Principles, all Directors are expected to attend the annual meeting of shareholders, Board, and Committee meetings, and to spend the time needed to properly discharge their duties. All Directors attended the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting ). In addition, during 2025, no Director attended fewer than 75% of the total number of meetings of the Board and of the Committees on which they served. This strong attendance, in addition to high engagement levels amongst our Directors, underscores that our processes designed to ensure our Directors are not overcommitted remain effective. Annual Election of Directors The Company s Directors are elected for a one-year term each year at the annual meeting of shareholders. Each nominee will, therefore, serve until the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders (the 2027 Annual Meeting ) if elected or until their successors have been elected and qualified. Twelve Director nominees, all current Board members, have been nominated by the Board for election. Majority voting applies to all Director elections, as required under Illinois law. Under the majority voting standard, Directors are elected by vote of a majority of the shares of the Company s common stock present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the matter at the annual meeting. Each share is entitled to one vote. In addition to For votes, shareholders may vote Against a Director nominee or elect to Abstain. A shareholder s abstention on a Director nominee will have the same effect as a vote against the election of that Director nominee. Assuming a quorum is present, broker non-votes will not affect the outcome of the vote. If any of the nominees for Director mentioned below should be unavailable for election, a circumstance that is not expected, the person or persons voting your proxy may exercise discretion to vote for a substitute nominee selected by the Board. Candidates for Board Membership The BANC recommends to the Board candidates for Board membership. Before making any recommendation, the BANC reviews the results of the annual Board evaluation process and its skills matrix in determining the desired skill set for potential new candidates. The BANC then determines the preferred qualities and characteristics for potential Board nominees by periodically evaluating whether the Board members collectively have the right mix of experience, qualifications, attributes, skills, backgrounds, and diverse viewpoints necessary for the Board to be a good steward for the Company s shareholders. The BANC screens Board candidates based on a number of criteria, including ethical standards, judgment, independence and objectivity, strategic perspective, record of accomplishment, business knowledge and diversity of experience and background applicable to the Company s goals. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS 8 2026 proxy statement The BANC has established a long-standing relationship with a nationally recognized third-party search firm. This firm has assisted the BANC over the years in identifying, evaluating, recruiting and screening potential new Directors that satisfy the Criteria. In addition to Board candidates identified by the BANC, suggestions as to nominees may be received from the Directors, employees, shareholders, and other parties. Any shareholder who would like the BANC to consider a candidate for Board membership should send a letter of recommendation containing the name and address of the proposing shareholder and of the proposed candidate and setting forth the business, professional, and educational background of the proposed candidate, as well as a description of any agreement or relationship between the proposing shareholder and proposed candidate. A written consent of the proposed candidate to be identified as a nominee and to serve as a Director if elected must also be provided. The communication should be sent by mail or other delivery service to the attention of the Office of the Corporate Secretary at the Company s headquarters. See Questions and Answers beginning on page 78 for more information. In addition, the By-laws, which can be found at https://invest.grainger.com under Governance Documents, include proxy access rights under which qualified shareholders can submit director nominations for inclusion in our proxy statement. Agreement Involving Director Nominee Pursuant to a letter agreement entered into between the Company and Ms. Slavik Williams, dated April 30, 2025 (the Letter of Understanding ), the Company has agreed to provide Ms. Slavik Williams with the right to nominate up to one individual for inclusion in the Board s recommended slate of nominees for the election at the Company s annual meeting of shareholders, subject to certain conditions. The nomination right is effective until the earliest to occur of (i) five years from the date of the Letter of Understanding (subject to an automatic five-year renewal unless timely notice is provided), (ii) the date on which Ms. Slavik Williams ceases to beneficially own at least 5% of the Company s outstanding common stock, or (iii) Ms. Slavik Williams death. Any nominee must be either Ms. Slavik Williams, her spouse or a member of her immediate or extended family. Each nominee is subject to review and consent by the BANC and must satisfy the Board s director qualification standards and applicable independence requirements. With respect to any submitted nominee approved by the BANC, the Company has agreed, among other things, to include such nominee in the Company s slate of director nominees and recommend such nominee for election at the applicable annual meeting of shareholders, subject to applicable law and the Board s fiduciary duties. In 2026, pursuant to the Letter of Understanding. Ms. Slavik Williams nominated herself for election at the 2026 Annual Meeting. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS invest.grainger.com 9 PROPOSAL 1: Election of Directors What are you voting on? At the 2026 Annual Meeting, 12 Directors are to be elected to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting or until their successors have been elected and qualified. Each Nominee is a current Grainger Board member who was elected by shareholders at the 2025 Annual Meeting. The Board recommends a vote FOR each of the Director Nominees named in this proxy statement. Director Nominees Experience and Qualifications The nominees have provided the following information about themselves, including their ages as of March 2, 2026, and their relevant background, including experience for at least the past five years. The Company s nominees have varied experience, qualifications, attributes, skills, and backgrounds that assist them in their oversight of the Company. The Board believes each of the current nominees qualifies for service on the Board. Moreover, each of the current nominees has significant leadership experience in large, multifaceted organizations. This leadership experience includes developing and executing corporate strategy, overseeing operations, and identifying and managing risks in organizations similar in size or complexity to the Company. The summaries provided below are not comprehensive of each nominee s background, but are provided to describe the primary experience, qualifications, attributes, skills, and background that led the Board to nominate each individual. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS 10 2026 proxy statement Rodney C. Adkins Independent Director President, 3RAM Group LLC; Former Senior Vice President, International Business Machines Corporation Age: 67 Years on Grainger s Board: 12 Director Since: 2014 Grainger Board Committees: Audit BANC Mr. Adkins serves as president of 3RAM Group, LLC and served as a Senior Vice President at International Business Machines Corporation ( IBM ), where he held various senior roles, including heading Corporate Strategy and Systems and Technology. In over 30 years with IBM, he developed a broad range of experience, including extensive experience in emerging technologies, global business operations, product development, and brand management. He also gained significant experience managing and understanding corporate finance, financial statements, and accounting through his many operational roles with IBM. Additionally, Mr. Adkins managed IBM s supply chain and procurement, giving him direct insight into global trade and supply chains, and the role of distributors in those efforts. Mr. Adkins has extensive experience in corporate governance matters, is a recognized leader in technology and technology strategy, and serves as a director of other publicly traded companies with additional responsibilities, including a board chairmanship and assignments to a compensation committee and an audit committee. Other Current Public Company Boards Avnet, Inc. (Chairman of the Board; Chair, executive committee; corporate governance committee) United Parcel Service, Inc. (Chair, risk committee; executive committee; compensation and human capital committee) Business and Other Experience 3RAM Group LLC (2015-present), a privately held company specializing in capital investments, business consulting services and property management, where Mr. Adkins serves as President IBM, a globally integrated technology and consulting company, where Mr. Adkins held numerous development and management roles, including Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy (2013-2014); Senior Vice President of Systems and Technology Group (2009-2013); Senior Vice President of Development Manufacturing (2007-2009); and Vice President of Development of IBM Systems and Technology Group (2003-2007) Prior Public Company Boards PayPal Holdings, Inc. (2017-June 2025) (audit, risk, and compliance committee; corporate governance and nominating committee) PPL Corporation (2014-2019) (audit committee; finance committee) Pitney Bowes Inc. (2007-2013) (audit committee; executive compensation committee) Qualifications, Attributes and Skills CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS invest.grainger.com 11 George S. Davis Independent Director Former Interim Chief Executive Officer, Pallidus; Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Intel Corporation Age: 68 Years on Grainger s Board: 3 Director Since: 2023 Grainger Board Committees: Chair , Audit (Audit Committee Financial Expert) , BANC Mr. Davis served as Interim CEO of Pallidus, a provider of silicon carbide technology, from December 2023 through November 2024 in conjunction with his role as a Board member. Previously he served as CFO for three global, public companies for 16 years as part of a career spanning over 40 years and has deep knowledge of the semiconductor industry. From 2019-2022, he served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Intel Corporation, where he headed the global finance organization. Prior to joining Intel, Mr. Davis spent six years as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Qualcomm Inc. and seven years in the same role at Applied Materials, Inc. At Applied Materials, he became the CFO after six years with the company where he began as Corporate Vice President and Treasurer, overseeing the treasury and tax organizations. Prior to that he spent 19 years at Atlantic Richfield Company ( ARCO ) in roles, including in assistant treasurer positions and later as CFO for ARCO s EMEA business. Mr. Davis has expertise in corporate strategy and transformation, capital markets, M A, information technology, cybersecurity, corporate responsibility and investor and government relations among others. His background includes engaging with boards on strategy, finance, risk management, governance, compensation, and activism. Mr. Davis serves as a trustee for the Old Globe Theater in San Diego and as chairman for the United States arm of A4S (Accounting for Sustainability), a non-profit under the King s Trust, seeking to embed sustainability in organizations strategy, operations, and reporting. Business and Other Experience Pallidus (2022-Present): A provider of silicon carbide technology, where Mr. Davis has been a director since 2022 and served as interim CEO from December 2023-November 2024 Intel Corporation (2019-2022): A leading semiconductor company, where Mr. Davis held the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2019-2022) Qualcomm, Inc. (2013-2019): A wireless technology innovator, where Mr. Davis held the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2013-2019) Applied Materials, Inc. (2000-2013): A semiconductor equipment and solutions provider, where Mr. Davis held the position of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (2006-2013), Group Vice President, Corporate Business Development (2005-2006), and Corporate Vice President and Treasurer (2000-2005) Qualifications, Attributes and Skills Katherine D. Jaspon Independent Director Chief Financial Officer, Inspire Brands, Inc. Age: 49 Years on Grainger s Board: 5 Director Since: 2021 Grainger Board Committees: Audit (Audit Committee Financial Expert) , BANC Ms. Jaspon serves as Chief Financial Officer of Inspire Brands, Inc., a multi-brand restaurant company whose portfolio includes 33,000+ restaurants worldwide. Ms. Jaspon oversees all accounting and reporting, tax, financial planning and analysis, treasury, and internal audit functions for Inspire and its brands. She is also responsible for managing Inspire s relationships with lending institutions, investors, and the financial community. Prior to joining Inspire in December 2020, Ms. Jaspon served as the Chief Financial Officer of Dunkin Brands Group, Inc., the former parent company of Dunkin and Baskin-Robbins, where she led all finance-related functions, as well as investor relations since 2017. In this role, she oversaw global financial planning and analysis, accounting, financial reporting, tax, treasury, enterprise risk management, payments, insurance, and demand planning functions. During her 15-year tenure with Dunkin Brands, Ms. Jaspon led several transactions, including the company s initial public offering and follow-on equity offerings, securitizations and numerous debt transactions, the divestiture of a brand, and the sale of Dunkin Brands to Inspire. Previously, Ms. Jaspon spent eight years at KPMG LLP as an auditor. She is a certified public accountant. Ms. Jaspon previously served as a member and chair of the audit committee of the board of directors of MOD Pizza LLC and also serves on various non-profit boards. Business and Other Experience Inspire Brands, Inc. (2020-Present), a multi-brand restaurant company, where she serves as Chief Financial Officer Dunkin Brands Group, Inc. (2005-2020), a quick service restaurant franchisor (Dunkin Brands), where Ms. Jaspon has held various roles, including Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (2017-present), Vice President, Finance and Treasury (2014-2017), Vice President, Controller and Corporate Treasurer (2010-2014), and Director, Assistant Controller (2005-2010). In December 2020, Inspire Brands acquired Dunkin Brands KPMG LLP (1997-2005), a global audit, tax, and advisory services firm, where Ms. Jaspon held various roles, including Senior Manager Qualifications, Attributes and Skills CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS 12 2026 proxy statement Christopher J. Klein Independent Director Former Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. Age: 62 Years on Grainger s Board: 2 Director Since: 2023 Grainger Board Committees: Audit (Audit Committee Financial Expert) , BANC Mr. Klein served as Chief Executive Officer, Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. He led the spin-off of the Fortune Brands Home Security division into its own public company in October 2011. From the initial public offering until his 2020 retirement, the newly public company s revenues doubled and profits increased by 15 times. Prior to joining Fortune Brands, Mr. Klein served in a series of roles in the financial services sector and as a management consultant at McKinsey Co. advising clients in this sector. He acquired significant experience in corporate strategy, distribution, branding, M A, and restructuring and developing businesses. Mr. Klein has extensive experience in corporate governance matters and serves as a director of other publicly traded companies with additional responsibilities, including chairing at separate companies a nominating / ESG committee and a compensation committee. He also previously served as an executive chairman of the Fortune Brands Home Security board. Mr. Klein also serves as a life trustee and former Chairman of the Board of Ravinia Music Festival, a board member of the University of Iowa s Center for Advancement and an Emeritus Advisory Board Member to the University of Iowa Tippie School of Business, a Trustee of the Naples Children s Foundation and a board member of the Saint Ann School Foundation. Other Current Public Company Boards Thor Industries (Chair, nominating / ESG committee, audit committee) Vontier Corporation (Chair compensation committee) (Mr. Klein is not standing for re-election to the Vontier Corporation board at its next annual meeting of shareholders) Business and Other Experience Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. (spun out of Fortune Brands in 2011) (2003-2020), a manufacturer of home and securities products, where Mr. Klein joined in 2003 as SVP Strategy / Corporate Development / HR, was named President and CEO Fortune Brands Home Division in 2009, and became CEO of Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. upon its public listing in October 2011. Upon his retirement as CEO in January 2020, he became Executive Chairman of the Board through December 2020 Bank One (2001-2003), a bank now merged with JPMorgan Chase Co., where as Executive Vice President, Mr. Klein restructured businesses and developed the bank s payments strategy McKinsey Co. (1992-2000), Partner serving financial services organizations across North America Prior Public Company Boards Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. (2011-2020) Qualifications, Attributes and Skills CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS invest.grainger.com 13 D.G. Macpherson Director Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, W.W. Grainger, Inc. Age: 58 Years on Grainger s Board: 9 Director Since: 2016 Mr. Macpherson has served Grainger in many capacities over his more than 17 years, including developing Company strategy, overseeing the launch of Grainger s U.S. Endless Assortment business, Zoro Tools, Inc., building the Company s supply chain capabilities globally and realigning the U.S. business to create greater value for customers of all sizes. Mr. Macpherson also has extensive experience in strategic planning, development, and execution. Mr. Macpherson joined Grainger in 2008 after working closely with Grainger for six years as a partner and managing director at The Boston Consulting Group, a global management consulting firm, where he was a member of the Industrial Goods Leadership Team. Mr. Macpherson currently serves on the Griffin Museum of Science and Industry Board of Trustees and as the Vice Chair of the Civic Committee of the Commercial Club of Chicago. Other Current Public Company Boards DuPont de Nemours, Inc. (Director) (January 2026) Business and Other Experience Chairman of the Board of the Company, a position assumed in October 2017, and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, a position assumed in October 2016, at which time Mr. Macpherson was also appointed to the Board of Directors Numerous senior management roles at the Company, including Chief Operating Officer (2015-2016); Senior Vice President and Group President, Global Supply Chain and International (2013-2015); Senior Vice President and President, Global Supply Chain and Corporate Strategy (2012-2013); and Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain (2008-2012) The Boston Consulting Group, Partner, and Managing Director (2002-2008) Prior Public Company Boards International Paper Company (2021-2024) Qualifications, Attributes and Skills CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS 14 2026 proxy statement Cindy J. Miller Independent Director Former Director, President and Chief Executive Officer, Stericycle, Inc. Age: 63 Years on Grainger s Board: 2 Director Since: 2024 Grainger Board Committees: Compensation Committee of the Board ( CCOB ) , BANC Ms. Miller served Stericycle, Inc. as a Director from February 2019 and as President and Chief Executive Officer from May 2019 until her retirement in November 2024. Prior to Stericycle, after serving as President and COO since October 2018, Ms. Miller served as President, Global Freight Forwarding for United Parcel Service, Inc. ( UPS ), a multinational package delivery and supply chain management company, from April 2016 to September 2018 and as President of UPS s European region from March 2013 to March 2016. Ms. Miller has significant transportation and logistics expertise, and she also has deep knowledge and experience in the healthcare industry, business transformation and change management, operations management, strategy, safety and international business. Other Current Public Company Boards Allspring Global Fund (Trustee) (January 2026) Business and Other Experience Stericycle, Inc. (2018-November 2024): A business-to-business services company and leading provider of compliance-based solutions, including regulated waste management, secure information destruction, and compliance, training where, prior to joining the Board of Directors and becoming President and Chief Executive Officer in May 2019, Ms. Miller joined in 2018 as President and COO United Parcel Service, Inc. (1988-2018): A package delivery company and a leading provider of global supply chain management solutions, where she held various roles of increasing responsibility including as President, Global Freight Forwarding; President, Europe Region; Managing Director, UPS UK and Managing Director, UPS South Europe, Middle East and Africa Prior Public Company Boards Stericycle, Inc. (2019-2024) UGI Corporation (2020-2024) Qualifications, Attributes and Skills CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS invest.grainger.com 15 Neil S. Novich Independent Director Former Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ryerson Inc. Age: 71 Years on Grainger s Board: 27 Director Since: 1999 Grainger Board Committees: Audit (Audit Committee Financial Expert) , BANC Mr. Novich served as the Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Ryerson Inc., a global public company where he was deeply engaged in its distribution operations on a domestic and international basis, and also on leadership development and human resources functions. He also spent 13 years with a major management consulting firm, where he was a partner and led the firm s Distribution and Logistics Practice. As a result, Mr. Novich has in-depth operational experience in supply chain, distribution and logistics as well as experience in developing strategy across a variety of industries. Mr. Novich also has extensive experience in corporate governance matters and served as a director of other publicly traded companies with service on various board committees. As a public company director, he has previously chaired two audit committees and four compensation committees. Mr. Novich is a trustee of the Field Museum of Natural History. Business and Other Experience Endeavor Health (December 2025-present), a community-based, fully integrated health system, where Mr. Novich serves as a member of its regional Board of Directors Hillenbrand, Inc. (2010-February 2026) (Chair, audit committee; mergers and acquisitions committee; nominating and corporate governance committee, former Chair, compensation committee) Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (2012-April 2025) (nominating and governance; audit committee; former Chair, audit committee; former Chair, compensation committee) Analog Devices, Inc. (2008-2020) (audit committee; former Chair, compensation committee) Ryerson Inc., Chairman of the Board (1999-2007) Ryerson, Inc. (1994-2007), a global metal distributor and fabricator, where Mr. Novich joined in 1994 as Chief Operating Officer, was named President and CEO in 1996, and was additionally appointed Chairman in 1999. He remained Chairman and CEO until 2007, when the company was sold Bain Company (1981-1994), an international management consulting firm, where Mr. Novich spent several years as a partner and led the firm s Distribution and Logistics Practice Qualifications, Attributes and Skills CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS 16 2026 proxy statement Beatriz R. Perez Independent Director Executive Vice President and Global Chief Communications, Sustainability Strategic Partnerships Officer, The Coca-Cola Company Age: 56 Years on Grainger s Board: 9 Director Since: 2017 Grainger Board Committees: Chair, CCOB BANC Ms. Perez is an Executive Vice President of The Coca-Cola Company, where she leads an integrated team across public affairs and communications, sustainability, and strategic partnerships to support the company s growth model and strategic initiatives. In this role, Ms. Perez aligns a diverse portfolio of work against critical business objectives to support brands, communities, consumers, and partners worldwide. During her tenure of more than two decades at that company, she has held several leadership roles while garnering significant experience in marketing and sustainability programs. Ms. Perez also has experience in corporate governance matters and serves as a director of another publicly traded company, with additional responsibilities, including a governance committee assignment. Ms. Perez is a strong advocate for community service, serving on various non-profit boards, including The Coca-Cola Foundation. Other Current Public Company Boards Primerica, Inc. (corporate governance committee) (Ms. Perez is not standing for re-election to the Primerica, Inc. board at its annual meeting of stockholders, scheduled to be held in May 2026) Business and Other Experience The Coca-Cola Company (1996-present), a global beverage company, where prior to assuming her current position in March 2017, Ms. Perez held several leadership positions including as the company s first Chief Sustainability Officer (2011-2017). Prior to that she held various roles of increasing responsibility at The Coca-Cola Company in the North America Operating Division, including Chief Marketing Officer, Senior Vice President Integrated Marketing, and multiple field operating roles Prior Public Company Boards HSBC North America Holdings, Inc. (2007-2014), the HSBC Finance Corporation (2008-2014), and the HSBC Bank Nevada, N.A. (2011-2013) Qualifications, Attributes and Skills CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS invest.grainger.com 17 E. Scott Santi Independent Director Non-Executive Chairman, and Former Chief Executive Officer, Illinois Tool Works Inc. Age: 64 Years on Grainger s Board: 16 Director Since: 2010 Grainger Board Committees: Audit (Audit Committee Financial Expert) , Chair, BANC Mr. Santi is the Non-Executive Chairman and former Chief Executive Officer of Illinois Tool Works Inc. ( ITW ). In the course of his more than 40 years with ITW, he served in various leadership roles for ITW including serving as the company s CEO from 2012-2023. Mr. Santi has significant experience with acquisitions and divestitures and integrating acquired companies, strategic marketing. global manufacturing, innovation driven growth, international operations, and talent management including compensation policy, leadership development, and succession planning. Mr. Santi currently serves as a trustee or director of various civic and nonprofit organizations including the Rush System for Health, Northwestern University, the Art Institute of Chicago, the Lyric Opera of Chicago, and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra Association. Other Current Public Company Boards Illinois Tool Works Inc. (Non-Executive Chairman of the Board) Business and Other Experience ITW (1983-present), a global multi-industry manufacturing leader of engineered components and systems, where Mr. Santi serves as Non-Executive Chairman. He served as ITW s Chief Executive Officer (2012- 2023), and held various senior management roles, including Vice Chairman (2008-2012) and Executive Vice President (2004-2008) Qualifications, Attributes and Skills Susan Slavik Williams Independent Director Founder, President, and Manager, Four Palms Ventures; President and Director, The Donald J. Slavik Family Foundation Age: 57 Years on Grainger s Board: 6 Director Since: 2020 Grainger Board Committees: CCOB BANC Ms. Slavik Williams is a private investor who has been a long-term significant shareholder of the Company as well as an entrepreneur and environmentalist. She has expansive knowledge in investments, financing, and real estate, including as a result of her 30-plus years of service on the board of directors of Mark IV Capital, Inc. She also has a deep understanding of environmental and social matters, working for 29 years as President and member of the board of directors of a foundation focused on wildlife preservation in the United States, Africa, South America, and Asia. Since 2017, Ms. Slavik Williams has served as a member of the board of directors of iSelect Fund, a venture capital investment firm. For 12 years, Ms. Slavik Williams was a director of the Saint Louis Zoo and currently serves on the conservation committee of its strategic planning group. As a longstanding significant shareholder of the Company, she possesses extensive knowledge of the Company s business, organization, and culture. Business and Other Experience Four Palms Ventures, a venture capital firm founded by Ms. Slavik Williams focused on investing in early stage agtech and other technology companies, where Ms. Slavik Williams serves as President and Manager (2019-present) iSelect Fund, a venture capital investment firm, where Ms. Slavik Williams serves on the board (2017-present) The Donald J. Slavik Family Foundation, a nonprofit organization supporting programs that preserve wildlife and the environment, where Ms. Slavik Williams presently serves as President and a member of its Board of Directors (1995-present) Mark IV Capital, Inc., a private commercial real estate development and investment company, where Ms. Slavik Williams served on its Board of Directors (1989-2025) Ernst Young Consulting (now Capgemini), a global consulting and technology services company, where Ms. Slavik Williams was a Manager (1994-1998) Qualifications, Attributes and Skills CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS 18 2026 proxy statement Lucas E. Watson Independent Director Partner, Archer Venture Capital and Former President, MSG Sphere at Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. Age: 55 Years on Grainger s Board: 8 Director Since: 2017 Grainger Board Committees: CCOB BANC Mr. Watson is a Partner at Archer Venture Capital. Previously he served as President, MSG Sphere at Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. where he led the strategy and execution of all business aspects of the Sphere, which opened in Las Vegas in September 2023. Prior to that he served as Senior Vice President, Go To Market, and Chief Marketing Officer and General Manager, at Cruise LLC where he led Cruise s go to market strategy with respect to the company s autonomous vehicle fleet. Before Cruise, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing and Sales Officer at Intuit, where he led the company s global sales and go to market efforts. Prior to Intuit, Mr. Watson was Vice President for Global Brand Solutions at Google, where he led the company s brand advertising business, working with many of the world s leading companies. Early in his career, Mr. Watson held a variety of marketing and general management roles at Procter Gamble. Business and Other Experience Partner, Archer Venture Capital (2023-present), a leading venture capital firm that invests in high growth technology companies. Member of the Board of Directors of Hatch Baby, Inc. which is one of Archer s portfolio investments Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. (2022-2023), a leader in live entertainment where Mr. Watson served as President, MSG Sphere Cruise LLC (2018-2021), an autonomous vehicle and technology company owned by General Motors Company, a global automotive company, where Mr. Watson served as Senior Vice President, Go to Market (2020-2021) and Chief Marketing Officer and General Manager (2018-2020) Intuit, Inc. (2016-2018), a global provider of business and financial management solutions, where Mr. Watson served as an Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing and Sales Officer Google, Inc. (2011-2016), a global technology company, where Mr. Watson served as Vice President, Global Brand Solutions Qualifications, Attributes and Skills CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS invest.grainger.com 19 Steven A. White Independent Director Former President, Special Counsel to the Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable Age: 65 Years on Grainger s Board: 5 Director Since: 2020 Grainger Board Committees: CCOB BANC Mr. White brings over 30 years of experience in eCommerce, sales, marketing, operations, and general management across multiple industries. In over 22 years at Comcast Corporation, Mr. White served in various senior management roles with significant operating and financial responsibility over a number of states, thousands of employees, millions of customers, and billions of dollars in revenue. In December 2024, Mr. White retired from Comcast as President, Special Counsel to the CEO, Comcast Cable. Mr. White also served for 11 years as President, Comcast West. In that capacity, he was responsible for all Comcast cable operations in 13 states, leading nearly 30,000 employees, serving more than nine million customers, and driving annual revenue of nearly $20 billion. Prior to that, Mr. White was responsible for Comcast s operations in California. Before joining the cable industry, Mr. White held various positions at Colgate-Palmolive, including Marketing Director of Colgate-Palmolive s Toothbrush Products Division. Mr. White also has experience in corporate governance matters and serves as a director of one other public company, where he serves on various committees. Mr. White also serves on the board of directors of the Metropolitan Football Stadium District and is a member of the Executive Leadership Council. He is a published author and public speaker. Other Current Public Company Boards Hormel Food Corporation (governance committee; audit committee) Business and Other Experience Comcast Corporation (2022-October 2024): A global media and technology company, where Mr. White held various roles, including President, Comcast West Division (2009-2020), Regional Senior Vice President, Comcast California (2007-2009), and Regional Senior Vice President, Comcast Mid-South Region (2002-2007) AT T Broadband, LLC (2000-2002): A leading provider of global telecommunications, media and technology services that merged with Comcast in 2002, where Mr. White was Senior Vice President (2000-2002) KeHe Distributors, LLC (January 2026-Present): A major North American distributor of natural, organic, specialty, and fresh foods, where Mr. White is a director Prior Public Company Boards Shaw Communications Inc. (2021-2023) (human resources and compensation committee) Qualifications, Attributes and Skills CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS 20 2026 proxy statement Board and Committee Meetings; Executive Sessions Five meetings of the Board were held in 2025. Each Board meeting included at least one executive session, during which only independent Directors were present. In total, 16 Committee meetings were held in 2025. During 15 Committee meetings, Committee members also met in executive session, without management present. At each Board meeting, the Committees report to the full Board on their activities and actions. Board Committees Membership Our Board has established three standing committees: the Audit Committee; the Board Affairs and Nominating Committee; and the Compensation Committee (each, a Committee ). Each Committee has a charter that defines its specific responsibilities. Each charter is reviewed annually, and each Committee then recommends to the Board charter revisions that may be needed to reflect new responsibilities or evolving best practices. As required by each Committee s charter, all members of each Committee must be independent Directors. Each Committee has the authority to retain independent advisors to assist it in carrying out its responsibilities. The Operating Principles provide for the Board s Committees and the process for selecting Committee leadership. The BANC s recommendations are considered by the Board following each annual meeting of shareholders. The Committee members are appointed by the Board based on recommendations of the BANC. Committee membership as of March 2, 2026 is as follows: Audit Committee Board Affairs Nominating Committee Compensation Committee Rodney C. Adkins George S. Davis (FE) C Katherine D. Jaspon (FE) Christopher J. Klein (FE) Cindy J. Miller Neil S. Novich (FE) Beatriz R. Perez C E. Scott Santi (LD)(FE) C Susan Slavik Williams Lucas E. Watson Steven A. White C Chair Member LD Lead Director FE Audit Committee Financial Expert as defined under SEC (as defined below) rules Copies of each Committee charter are available under Governance in the Investor Relations section of our website at https://invest.grainger.com . The Board has delegated certain responsibilities and authority to its standing Committees, as described below. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS invest.grainger.com 21 Audit Committee Members All Independent George S. Davis (Chair) Rodney C. Adkins Katherine D. Jaspon Christopher J. Klein Neil S. Novich E. Scott Santi Oversees the Company s accounting, financial reporting processes and audits of financial statements and internal controls The Audit Committee of the Board (the Audit Committee ) met six times in 2025. The Board has determined that each of the members of the Audit Committee is independent as defined under U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) rules and in the NYSE listing standards. The Board has also determined that each of the members of the Audit Committee is financially literate and that five of the six members are an audit committee financial expert, as that term is defined under SEC rules. The Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight responsibility with respect to the following: the Company s financial reporting process; the Company s systems of internal accounting, financial, and disclosure controls; the integrity of the Company s financial statements; the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; the Company s ERM systems and processes as to business continuity, cybersecurity, privacy, legal and other risks; the qualifications and independence, as well as the appointment, compensation, retention, evaluation, and termination, of the Company s independent auditor, the resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting, and the selection of the auditor s lead audit partner; the performance of the Company s internal audit function and the independent auditor; the pre-approval of audit and permissible non-audit services and fees to be provided by the independent auditor; activities and amendments relative to the Company s ERISA plans that involve the investment of funds, subject to coordination with the Compensation Committee where appropriate; the establishment of procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, and auditing matters; and compliance with the Company s Business Conduct Guidelines, including reviews of potential violations communicated through the Company s confidential reporting channels. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS 22 2026 proxy statement Board Affairs and Nominating Committee Members All Independent E. Scott Santi (Chair) Rodney C. Adkins George S. Davis Katherine D. Jaspon Christopher J. Klein Cindy J. Miller Neil S. Novich Beatriz R. Perez Susan Slavik Williams Lucas E. Watson Steven A. White Oversees the Company s corporate governance practices and senior talent development and succession The BANC met five times in 2025. The Board has determined that each of the members of the BANC is independent, as defined under the NYSE listing standards. The BANC assists the Board in its oversight responsibility as follows: Board Composition and Renewal makes recommendations to the Board regarding the makeup and size of the Board and the types and functions of its Committees; establishes specific written criteria by which Director nominees shall be qualified; periodically evaluates whether the Board members collectively have the right mix of experiences, qualifications, attributes, skills, backgrounds, and diverse viewpoints necessary for the Board to be a good steward for the Company s shareholders; determines the preferred qualifications and characteristics for potential Board nominees, which are shared with our third-party search firm; and identifies and screens potential nominees, consistent with the Criteria. Governance makes recommendations concerning Director and nominee independence, attendance and performance; reviews transactions between the Company and related persons; evaluates the overall performance of the Board and its Committees on an annual basis; oversees corporate governance, including: making initial assessments regarding corporate governance issues or proposals; recommending corporate governance guidelines and conducting annual reviews of the Committee charters, the Operating Principles for the Board, and the Criteria for Membership on the Board; recommending the appointment of the Lead Director; recommending Board Committee responsibilities, Committee Chairs, and members; determining policies regarding rotation of Directors among the Committees; evaluating the Board s corporate governance, including the adequacy of information supplied to the Board; evaluating the Board s performance of its oversight responsibilities; recommending policies applicable to Directors; and overseeing the Company s corporate responsibility, including its environmental sustainability, community impact, governance, the Company s culture, talent strategy, and workplace practices. Succession Planning and Management Development works with the Compensation Committee to annually review senior management organization, career paths, and succession; and leads the annual performance review of management, including the CEO to the extent necessary to supplement the Compensation Committee s review against CEO compensation goals and objectives. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS invest.grainger.com 23 Compensation Committee of the Board Members All Independent Beatriz R. Perez (Chair) Cindy J. Miller Susan Slavik Williams Lucas E. Watson Steven A. White Oversees the Company s compensation philosophy and compensation and human capital policies and programs The Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee ) met five times in 2025. The Board has determined that each member of the Compensation Committee is independent as defined in the independence requirements for members of compensation committees under SEC rules, the NYSE listing standards, and under the Internal Revenue Code. The Compensation Committee assists the Board in its oversight responsibility as follows: oversees the Company s compensation and benefits to ensure that: the Board appropriately discharges its responsibilities relating to senior management compensation, the Company maintains a market competitive compensation structure designed to attract, motivate, develop, and retain key talent, compensation and benefits policies and practices reflect the highest level of transparency and integrity, compensation is aligned with shareholder value creation and strategic objectives, senior management compensation is linked to Company performance and provides appropriate incentives to increase shareholder value, compensation policies and practices for all employees are designed with appropriate incentives that do not encourage unnecessary or excessive risk taking and are administered in a transparent manner, the interests of shareholders are protected, and equity-based plans and incentive plans are appropriately designed and administered, including review and approval of performance measures applicable to short- and long-term incentive plans; reviews and recommends to the Board non-retirement compensation and benefits for independent Directors; annually reviews and approves CEO compensation, as follows: reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives relevant to CEO compensation, evaluates CEO performance in light of those corporate financial goals and objectives, with assistance from the Lead Director and the other Board Committees, as appropriate, and together with the other independent Directors, determines and approves, in its sole discretion, the CEO s total compensation based on the above evaluation, in executive session without members of management present; reviews and recommends to the Board for approval the compensation paid to Senior Vice Presidents ( SVPs ) and Section 16 Officers, including the other Named Executive Officers ( NEOs ); together with the other independent Directors as directed by the Board, determines, in their sole discretion, the appropriate compensation design and level of CEO compensation in executive session without members of management present; approves annual grants of equity-based compensation awards (including, restricted stock units ( RSUs ) and performance share units ( PSUs )) to NEOs, other officers and employees under plans approved by shareholders that incorporate clawback provisions; may delegate to management limited authority to grant off-cycle equity-based compensation awards of RSUs and PSUs to non-officer employees, excluding the CEO and SVPs. Awards under this authority are granted pursuant to terms and conditions approved by the Compensation Committee. Management informs the Compensation Committee of the awarded grants at the Compensation Committee s next meeting. The pool of shares available to management under this delegation is approved annually by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee may terminate this delegation of authority at its discretion; retains, terminates, and approves the compensation for an independent compensation consultant who reports directly to the Compensation Committee; determines the independence of such independent compensation consultant; and routinely meets in executive session with the independent compensation consultant, without management present; and oversees the Company s programs and policies for human capital management and assists the BANC in its oversight of the Company s programs and policies with respect to employee engagement and leadership effectiveness, and any related ERM reviews. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS 24 2026 proxy statement Leadership Structure The Board has strong governance structures and processes in place to ensure the independence of the Board. These structures and processes, which are reflected in the Operating Principles and the Committees charters, allow for the independent Directors to effectively exercise the Board s authority in overseeing critical matters of strategy, operations, ERM, and financial reporting. The Board carefully considers its leadership structure and believes that a combined Chairman/CEO position, coupled with an independent Lead Director appointed by the Board, provides effective oversight of management by the Board and results in a high level of management accountability to shareholders. In the Board s view, having D.G. Macpherson serve as both the Chairman and CEO assists in the timely flow of relevant information, which supports effective Board decision-making and provides a useful connection between the Board and management so that Board actions are appropriately and efficiently executed. In deciding that a combined Chairman and CEO position is the appropriate leadership structure for the Company, the Board also recognized the need for independent leadership and oversight. Having an independent Lead Director actively engaged in planning and oversight is an essential component of effective governance. The Company s Operating Principles require that a Lead Director be annually elected by and from the independent directors. The Lead Director is responsible for ensuring Board involvement in major issues and/or proposals and that the Board is addressing major strategic and operational initiatives. To this end, the Lead Director reviews meeting agendas and information to be provided to the Board, consults with Directors, the CEO and management, and presides at executive sessions of the Board. With the Lead Director performing these important duties and having the power under the By-laws to call meetings of the Board and to lead such meetings in the Chairman s absence, the Board does not believe that separating the role of the Chairman and CEO would result in strengthening the Company s corporate governance or in creating or enhancing long-term value for our shareholders. The duties performed exclusively by the independent Directors, either collectively or through Committees comprised solely of independent Directors, include selecting the Chairman and CEO and evaluating his performance and setting his compensation. Lead Director The Board s independent Directors elected the current Lead Director, Mr. E. Scott Santi, after the 2025 Annual Meeting. As Lead Director, Mr. Santi oversees the Board s operations and plays an important role in the Board s independent oversight of management, key risks and governance matters. Among the duties assigned to the Lead Director is the responsibility for: Board Matter Responsibility Agendas Soliciting the independent directors for topics to be included in the Board meeting agenda; Collaborating with the Chairman in developing and approving Board meeting agendas; and Reviewing and approving meeting schedules to ensure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items. Communicating with the Chairman Regularly communicating with the Chairman between meetings on strategic and operational issues and acting as a sounding board and advisor. Communicating with Directors Serving as the primary liaison between the Chairman and the independent Directors; and Reviewing and approving the types of information sent to the Board. Communicating with Shareholders Being available, as necessary, for consultation and communication with major shareholders on behalf of the Board. Executive Sessions Presiding over executive sessions of the independent Directors. Board Meetings Presiding over meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present; and Calling meetings of the independent Directors, if appropriate, to review and approve the types of information sent to the Board. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS invest.grainger.com 25 Board Matter Responsibility Board and Management Evaluations Coordinating with the BANC and the applicable Board Committee Chairs regarding the annual self-evaluation of the performance and effectiveness of the Board, its Committees, and individual Directors; and Leading the Board in its annual review of the Board s and management s performance and succession planning, including the CEO, to the extent necessary to supplement the Compensation Committee s review of the CEO s performance relative to applicable compensation goals and objectives. Director Search Coordinating with the BANC and the Chairman on the Director recruitment and interview process. Risk Management Coordinating with the CEO and the applicable Board Committee Chairs on key risks to the Company and facilitating discussion as appropriate at Board meetings. Board, Committee, and Director Evaluations The Board recognizes that a rigorous, ongoing evaluation process is an essential component of strong corporate governance practices and promoting continuing Board effectiveness. Each year, the Board conducts a three-part evaluation process coordinated by the Lead Director and the Committee Chairs: (a) full Board evaluation; (b) Committee evaluations; and (c) Director self-assessments. To help make sure the evaluations are useful, we routinely review the evaluation process with an external governance expert. 2025 Evaluation Process As in prior years, the Lead Director conducted the Board evaluation and individual Director self-evaluations, while the Committee Chairs conducted evaluations for their respective Committees. Management s feedback on the Board s operation and engagement was provided to the Board. The Board also engages in an after action process that reviews routine matters such as information flow, meeting content and management interaction following each meeting in executive session. The Board believes that this open-ended question/interview approach helps elicit thoughtful and useful responses that encourage valuable conversations and actionable insights. Supplementing the annual surveys is a continuous feedback loop that prevents reliance solely on a single, formal event at the end of the year. The results of the evaluations and interviews were compiled anonymously. The Lead Director then discussed with the Board the results of the Board evaluations, individual Director self-assessments and the management leadership team feedback, while the Committee Chairs discussed the results of the Committee evaluations with their respective Committees. Below is an overview of the key steps in the annual evaluation process: CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS 26 2026 proxy statement DIRECTOR EVALUATIONS: A MULTI-STEP PROCESS The information gained through this process helps shape the content of educational presentations to the Board and identify desirable skill sets in Director searches conducted from time-to-time by the Board. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS invest.grainger.com 27 Board Oversight The Board oversees, counsels, and directs management in the long-term interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Board s oversight responsibilities include: Helping management assess short- and long-term strategies for the Company and evaluating management s performance against its goals. Selecting, evaluating the performance of, and determining the compensation of the CEO and other executive officers. Overseeing management succession planning to maximize long-term corporate performance. Overseeing enterprise risk management processes and policies of the Company including in response to changing regulations. Monitoring the processes for maintaining the integrity of our financial statements and other public disclosures, and compliance with law and ethics. Encouraging management communication with the Company s shareholders. Developing and monitoring the Company s culture and corporate responsibility. Overseeing the Company s corporate responsibility efforts, known as the Grainger Impact Program. Board s Role in Shareholder Engagement The Board believes it is important for the Company to maintain active engagement with its shareholders in order to effectively communicate the Company s strategy and to ensure that shareholders perspectives are understood and considered by the Board. Engagement with shareholders includes quarterly earnings calls, the annual meeting of shareholders, our annual Lead Director meetings, investor conferences, individual meetings, and other channels of communication. Consistent with prior years, in 2025, the Company engaged with shareholders who owned an aggregate of over 50% of the shares outstanding as of December 31, 2025. On a regular basis, as part of its oversight role, the Board routinely receives reports and briefings from the Company s Investor Relations team summarizing investor feedback and any shareholder concerns, questions, and trends. The Company has a comprehensive shareholder engagement program to reach a significant cross-section of our shareholder base, including large institutional investors, pension funds, and other investors. Our CEO, CFO, and VP, Investor Relations, and other members of our Investor Relations team, maintain regular contact throughout the year with a broad base of shareholders to understand their concerns on various topics, including financial performance, strategy, competitive environment, corporate responsibility efforts, and executive compensation matters. Continuing a practice that started in 2017, the Company arranged for the Board s Lead Director to meet with a variety of institutional investors to explain, among other matters, the Company s corporate responsibility efforts and executive compensation practices and objectives in 2025 and the Board s focus for 2026. Succession Planning, Talent, and Human Capital Management The Board recognizes that it has an important duty to ensure senior leadership continuity by overseeing the development of executive talent and planning for the efficient succession of the CEO and other key leadership positions. The Board has delegated primary oversight responsibility for management development and leadership succession planning to the BANC, which is comprised of all of the Board s independent Directors. The BANC reports on its activities to the full Board, which routinely addresses planned succession scenarios and annually reviews emergency succession plans. Recruiting, developing, promoting, and retaining top talent is a key priority for the Company. The Board annually reviews our talent strategy to ensure we have the right culture and people to support our strategic imperatives well into the future. This strategy has four pillars: Evolving our culture; Empowering our people leaders; Building our talent pipeline; and Developing our future leaders. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS 28 2026 proxy statement While the BANC has oversight of the Company s talent strategy, the Compensation Committee has oversight of the Company s programs and policies for human capital management and supports the BANC in its oversight of employee engagement and leadership effectiveness. Consistent with this framework, the BANC annually conducts in-depth reviews of senior leader development. This review addresses the Company s management development initiatives, assesses senior management resources, and identifies individuals who should be considered as potential future senior executives. To ensure that the succession planning and management development process supports and enhances the Company s strategic objectives, the Board and the BANC also regularly consult with the CEO on the Company s organizational needs, the leadership potential and related development plans for key managers, and plans for future development and emergency situations. To supplement these efforts, the senior management team, as well as a broader array of executives throughout our businesses, make presentations to the Board and its Committees and also interact in more informal settings with the Directors. This engagement gives our Directors meaningful insight into the Company s culture and the current pool of talent, attraction, and retention strategies for our executives. Board s Role in Risk Oversight The Board has overall responsibility for risk oversight, with its Committees assisting the Board in performing this function based on their respective areas of expertise. The Board s role is to oversee the Company s ERM programs, including risk assessment and risk management processes and policies used by the Company to identify, assess, monitor, and address both present and potential strategic, operational, financial, corporate responsibility, cybersecurity, compensation, legal, and compliance risks on an enterprise-wide basis. This oversight includes working with the Company s internal audit team in its consultation with external advisors to identify and prioritize key risks based on factors including their materiality and the timeframe in which such risks may be realized. The Directors involvement helps the Company anticipate future trends and risks. The Board focuses on material risks that may present near-term challenges and on longer-term risks that may require early preparation due to either their materiality or complexity. As part of this oversight, the Board receives regular reports from management on key risks across these and other subject matters, which gives the Board broad visibility over risks within the organization and the Company s efforts to mitigate such risks. The Board and/or the applicable Committee also receives advice from time to time from external advisors on specific risk matters. The Lead Director discusses and coordinates with the CEO and applicable Committee Chairs on key risks and facilitates discussion as appropriate at Board meetings. The Committees support the Board in the risk oversight process. The BANC and Compensation Committee Charters assign risk reviews of the Company s Impact Program focus areas and reporting to the BANC and the Compensation Committee, including the Company s human capital management programs and policies to the Compensation Committee. Members of management regularly provide reports to the BANC and Compensation Committee on relevant risk topics. In addition, as part of its existing oversight responsibility, the Compensation Committee assesses the relationship between potential risk created by the Company s compensation programs and their impact on long-term shareholder value. The Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight of the Company s ERM program and processes, including as to business continuity, cybersecurity, privacy, legal, compliance, and other risks as determined by the Board. Both the Board and the Audit Committee regularly review the Company s risk management assessment, processes, and policies and receive regular updates from the members of the Company s management who are responsible for the effectiveness of the Company s ERM program. As part of its ERM oversight, the Board oversees and regularly reviews the Company s programs and processes for cybersecurity risk, including the Company s framework for preventing, detecting, and addressing cybersecurity incidents and identifying emerging risks both broadly and within related industries. The Vice President, Ethics and Compliance reports directly to the Chief Legal Officer and routinely attends Audit Committee meetings, including annual meetings with the Audit Committee in closed session. He has access to every call or online submission to the Company s third-party hosted telephone hotline and hotline web portal on which team members may anonymously inquire, initiate a complaint, or participate in internal investigations. The Vice President, Ethics and Compliance also provides updates on ethics and compliance investigations to the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis. If an issue is significant, the Audit Committee is made aware per Grainger s escalation policy. The Board s risk oversight is supported by internal audit and external audit reviews, external legal counsel and other consultants, the Company s finance, controller, and legal departments and internal disclosure committee. As appropriate or as requested by the Board, Committees or Lead Director, they prepare materials and provide presentations to the Board and Committees on risks identified during the course of their work or as part of regular diligence. Management provides disclosure committee reports to the Audit Committee no less than quarterly as part of its preparation for the Company s quarterly earnings calls and quarterly and annual reports filed on Forms 10-Q and 10-K, respectively. Corporate Responsibility The Grainger Impact Program In support of the Company s purpose, the Company strives to operate responsibly and sustainably, informed by an assessment that identified the topics most important to our business and stakeholders. The assessment was conducted through a series of engagements with key internal and external stakeholders to evaluate various topics based on the financial significance to our business and the impact Grainger may have on the environment, people and society more broadly. The Grainger team partners with customers, suppliers, and communities on core focus areas that comprise the Grainger Impact Program. In 2025, these areas included Energy Emissions, Customer Sustainability Solutions, Supplier Relationships and Strategic Alliances, Inclusion, Opportunity, and Community (IOC), and Working Safely and Securely. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS invest.grainger.com 29 1. Energy Emissions The Company aims to reduce its emissions through efforts such as improving supply chain efficiency, increasing solar energy usage, optimizing facility efficiency with building management systems, implementing high-efficiency life cycle replacements, and transitioning some Powered Industrial Equipment batteries to hydrogen fuel cells. Grainger s 2030 emissions target seeks to reduce our global absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 50% from a 2018 baseline. 2. Customer Sustainability Solutions The Company strives to operate its business and supply chain sustainably and provides sustainability solutions to help customers who seek to do the same. The Company s sustainability solutions include a portfolio of Environmentally Preferable Products, Other Sustainability Related Products, and other sustainability related services. 3. Supplier Relationships and Strategic Alliances Grainger s Strategic Alliances team partners with value-added local, small, and veteran-owned resellers and service providers to support our customers needs. These alliances enhance our ability to deliver tailored, high-touch solutions to help customers meet their operational efficiency and regulatory compliance objectives. 4. Inclusion, Opportunity Community Grainger believes a broad talent pool is essential to live its principles, foster innovation, build high-performing teams and drive business results. The Company understands that future business success requires a mix of current and new skill sets, varied experiences, and a broad array of backgrounds and perspectives, and strives to reflect this in its hiring, retention, and promotion practices. The Company promotes a welcoming culture that values all people. The Company works collaboratively with various community partners through a combination of resources, including in-kind and cash donations, a nonprofit board placement program, team member volunteerism and our three-to-one Matching Gifts Program. 5. Working Safely Securely Grainger knows that integrating a safety mindset across our operations is essential to creating a safe and healthy workplace. To foster this culture, we provide ongoing team member safety training and communications, including onboarding programs, weekly safety communications and regular role-specific safety training. Impact Program Governance Our Board of Directors, executive leadership team and senior leaders take an active role in our overall Impact Program strategy. The Company s commitment to corporate responsibility begins with general oversight by the BANC, which is comprised of all of the Board s independent Directors. The BANC annually reviews the Company s Impact Program and reporting, including its sustainability, community impact, governance, company culture, talent strategy, and workplace practices. The Grainger Leadership Team sets the strategic direction for the Company s Impact Program, which is then implemented by designated Grainger team members. Commitment to Ethics Integrity The Company is also committed to operating with ethics and integrity. The Company s Business Conduct Guidelines define our shared expectations, consistent with the highest ethical and legal standards, of how we work together, serve customers and business partners, and honor our commitments to shareholders everywhere we do business. Grainger team members are required to complete Business Conduct Guidelines training and certification. We encourage the reporting of ethical concerns or complaints regarding Company or individual practices through the Company s anonymous third-party hosted telephone hotline and web portal. The Company has adopted a Supplier Code of Ethics and Human Rights Principles, which require suppliers, contractors, and consultants to comply with high ethical standards. The Company s Supplier Code of Ethics, which is also included in the Company s Business Conduct Guidelines, focuses on responsible sourcing along the dimensions of human rights, labor, environment, and anti-corruption. The Company s Human Rights Principles include the Company s commitment to providing a safe and fair workplace that upholds and respects international human rights standards. These principles are approved and monitored regularly by senior leadership. The Company s Supplier Code of Ethics and Human Rights Principles are available under Governance in the Investor Relations section of our website at https://invest.grainger.com . Impact Program Reporting The Company continues to evolve its Impact Program and reporting in a manner that it believes is beneficial to the Company and its investors. Since 2011, Grainger has published an annual report overviewing its corporate responsibility efforts available under Impact in the Investor Relations section of our website at https://invest.grainger.com for more information. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS 30 2026 proxy statement As part of the Company s continued commitment to transparency, we published our U.S. Federal Employment Information Report ( EEO-1 ). The data in the consolidated EEO-1 report is based on the Company s population in the United States as of December 31, 2024 and reflects the Company s U.S. workforce as of that time. Grainger s consolidated EEO-1 report is available at https://invest.grainger.com . Political Activity Grainger s Business Conduct Guidelines prohibit the use of Company funds or assets for political purposes, including for contributions to any political party, candidate, or committee. Grainger does not maintain a political action committee. Given a particular issue, it is prudent for the Company to understand the legislative and regulatory environments at both the federal and state levels. The Company has, from time-to-time, engaged advisors to assist in limited lobbying, mainly related to government procurement and providing insight on state and local issues impacting the Company. In 2025, Grainger was also a member of five trade associations. Other Communications with Directors Shareholders and other interested parties wishing to communicate with the Board may send correspondence to the Lead Independent Director and/or the Office of the Corporate Secretary, who will submit all correspondence regarding bona fide issues or questions concerning Grainger to the Board or the appropriate Committee, as applicable. Communications may be addressed to: [Name(s) of Director(s)] or [Non-management Directors] or [Board of Directors] W.W. Grainger, Inc. 100 Grainger Parkway Lake Forest, Illinois 60045-5201 If the matter is confidential in nature, please mark the correspondence accordingly. Additional information concerning this process is available under Governance in the Investor Relations section of our website at https://invest.grainger.com . Available Information All documents referenced below are available to shareholders under Governance in the Investor Relations section of our website at https://invest.grainger.com or in print, free of charge, upon request to the Office of the Corporate Secretary at Grainger s headquarters, 100 Grainger Parkway, Lake Forest, Illinois 60045-5201. Business Conduct Guidelines Grainger has adopted Business Conduct Guidelines for Directors, officers, and employees, which incorporate the Code of Ethics required by the SEC as applicable to the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, and chief accounting officer or controller. The Company provides annual Business Conduct Guidelines training and all Directors, officers, and employees are required to certify annually that they have read, understand, and are in compliance with the Business Conduct Guidelines. Our Business Conduct Guidelines are posted in the Governance section on Grainger s website at https://invest.grainger.com . Operating Principles for the Board of Directors Grainger also has adopted Operating Principles for the Board of Directors, which represents its corporate governance guidelines. The Operating Principles are available under Governance in the Investor Relations section of our website at https://invest.grainger.com . Committee Charters The charters, as adopted by the Board and amended from time to time, of the Audit Committee, the BANC, and the Compensation Committee are available under Governance in the Investor Relations section of our website at https://invest.grainger.com . CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS invest.grainger.com 31 Director Compensation Grainger s non-employee Directors each receive an annual cash retainer of $115,000 and an annual deferred stock unit ( DSU ) grant of $175,000. The Lead Director and Directors serving as Committee Chairs receive an additional annual cash retainer. Grainger aims to compensate its non-employee Directors at a level that approximates median market practice. In benchmarking Director pay, Grainger uses the same compensation comparator group as used to benchmark compensation for Grainger s executives as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section beginning on page 40 . The Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant advises on Director compensation. The Directors compensation program, which was last adjusted in April 2024, consists of the following: D IRECTOR C OMPENSATION Total Base Compensation $290,000 Additional Annual Cash Retainers: $37,500 Lead Director $30,000 Audit Committee Chair $25,000 Compensation Committee Chair $20,000 BANC Chair All non-employee Directors receive an annual DSU grant worth $175,000. In 2025, the number of shares covered by each grant was equal to $175,000 divided by the 20-day average stock price through March 31 (a methodology consistent with the calculation used for equity awards to grant-eligible employees), rounded up to the next whole share. For non-employee Directors elected at the 2025 Annual Meeting of shareholders, the DSU formula resulted in payment of 178 DSUs based on a 20-day average stock price as of March 31, 2025 of $983.35 per share. The DSUs are settled in shares of Grainger common stock on a 1:1 basis upon termination of service as a Director. On their April 30, 2025 grant date, the value of such DSUs was $180,262 using the closing price of $1,012.71 per share of Grainger s common stock on April 29, 2025. Directors may defer their annual cash retainers, Lead Director retainer, and Committee Chair retainers (as applicable), into a DSU account. Stock ownership guidelines applicable to non-employee Directors provide that within five years after election, a Director must own Grainger common stock and common stock equivalents having a value of at least five times the annual cash retainer fee for serving on the Board. The hedging or pledging of Company shares by Directors or executive officers is prohibited by Company policy (see Hedging and Pledging Prohibition beginning on page 55 ). No Directors (or executive officers) have hedged or pledged any of the shares beneficially owned by them. All Directors are in compliance with the stock ownership guidelines. Grainger annually matches each Director s charitable contributions on a three-to-one basis up to a maximum Company contribution of $7,500 and provides discounts on product purchases, both on the same basis as provided to U.S. Grainger employees. Mr. Macpherson, who is an employee of Grainger, does not receive any separate compensation for serving as a Director. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS 32 2026 proxy statement 2025 Director Compensation Table Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) Stock Awards (2) All Other Compensation (3) Total Rodney C. Adkins $115,000 $180,262 $7,500 $302,762 George S. Davis $145,000 $180,262 $0 $325,262 Katherine D. Jaspon $115,000 $180,262 $7,500 $302,762 Christopher J. Klein $115,000 $180,262 $0 $295,262 Cindy J. Miller $115,000 $180,262 $0 $295,262 Neil S. Novich $115,000 $180,262 $7,500 $302,762 Beatriz R. Perez $140,000 $180,262 $0 $320,262 E. Scott Santi $172,500 $180,262 $7,500 $360,262 Susan Slavik Williams $115,000 $180,262 $0 $295,262 Lucas E. Watson $115,000 $180,262 $7,500 $302,762 Steven A. White $115,000 $180,262 $0 $295,262 (1) Represents the annual cash retainers received in 2025 by all non-employee Directors. (2) Represents the fair value of the non-employee Directors 2025 award of 178 DSUs on the grant date of April 30, 2025, using the closing price of $1,012.71 per share of Grainger s common stock as of April 29, 2025. The DSUs immediately vest upon the grant date and will be paid in shares of Grainger common stock on a 1:1 basis upon departure from the Board, computed in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 718. (3) Represents amount paid by the Company to charitable organizations as part of the Company s Matching Gifts Program with respect to donations made and matched in 2025. The Directors receive no direct or indirect benefit from the matching contributions. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 3: SAY ON PAY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS APPENDICES TABLE OF CONTENTS invest.grainger.com 33 Ownership of Grainger Stock Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners The following table sets forth information concerning any person known to Grainger to beneficially own more than 5% of Grainger s common stock as of December 31, 2025 except as otherwise noted below. The information in the table and the related notes are based on statements filed by the respective beneficial owners with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(d) and 13(g) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) Percent of Class The Vanguard Group 100 Vangua