=== ADSK_2026-03-03.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves significant risks, a number of which are beyond our control. In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following discussion highlights some of these risks and the possible impact of these factors on our business, financial condition, and future results of operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely impacted, causing the trading price of our common stock to decline. In addition, these risks and uncertainties may impact the forward-looking statements described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in the documents incorporated herein by reference. They could affect our actual results of operations, causing them to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. 15 Table of Contents Summary of Risk Factors Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our securities. These risks are described more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks relating to the following: • Our strategy to develop and introduce new products and services, exposing us to risks such as limited customer acceptance (both with new and existing customers), costs related to product defects, and large expenditures. • Existing and increased competition and rapidly evolving technological changes. • Global economic and political conditions. • Costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments. • Dependency on international revenue and operations, exposing us to significant international regulatory, economic, intellectual property, collections, currency exchange rate, taxation, political, and other risks. • Inability to predict subscription renewal rates and their impact on our future revenue and operating results. • Fluctuation of our financial results, key metrics and other operating metrics. • Deriving a substantial portion of our net revenue from a small number of solutions, including our AutoCAD-based software products and collections. • Any failure to successfully execute and manage initiatives to realign or introduce new business and sales initiatives. • Our strategy and expectations regarding the expected benefits, timing and costs associated with our restructuring plans. • Net revenue, billings, earnings, cash flow, or subscriptions shortfalls or volatility of the market causing the market price of our stock to decline. • Challenges relating to the proper management and governance of our use of AI in our offerings. • Security incidents compromising the integrity of our or our customers’ offerings, services, data, or intellectual property. • Reliance on third parties to provide us with a number of operational and technical services as well as software. • Our highly complex software, which may contain undetected errors, defects, or vulnerabilities, and is subject to service disruptions, degradations, outages or other performance problems. • Increasing regulatory focus on privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity issues and expanding laws. • Governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate the controls. • Protection of our intellectual property rights and intellectual property infringement claims from others. • The government procurement process. • Fluctuations in currency exchange rates. • Our debt service obligations. • Our investment portfolio consisting of a variety of investment vehicles that are subject to interest rate trends, market volatility, and other economic factors. Risks Relating to Our Business and Strategy Our strategy to develop and introduce new products and services exposes us to risks such as limited customer acceptance (both with new and existing customers), costs related to product defects, and large expenditures, each of which may result in no additional net revenue or decreased net revenue. The software industry is characterized by rapid technological changes as well as changes in customer requirements and preferences. In recent years, the industry has undergone a transition from developing and selling perpetual licenses and on-premises products to subscriptions and cloud-enabled technologies. Both new and existing customers are also reconsidering how they purchase software products, which requires us to constantly evaluate our business model and strategy. In response, we are focused on providing solutions to enable our customers to be more agile and collaborative on their projects. We devote significant resources to the development of new technologies, including AI features. If we are unable to provide new features, enhancements to user experience, and modifications in a timely and cost-effective manner that achieve market acceptance, align with customer expectations, and that keep pace with rapid technological developments and changing regulatory landscapes, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. For example, AI and machine learning are propelling advancements in technology, but if they are not widely adopted and accepted or fail to operate as expected, our business and reputation may be harmed. 16 Table of Contents In addition, we frequently introduce new business models or methods that require a considerable investment of technical and financial resources, such as our introduction of flexible subscription and service offerings, our transition of multi-subscription plans to named-user plans and our new transaction model. It is uncertain whether these strategies, including our product and pricing changes, will accurately reflect customer demand or be successful, or whether we will be able to develop the necessary infrastructure and business models more quickly than our competitors. We make such investments through further development and enhancement of our existing products and services, as well as through acquisitions. Such investments may not result in sufficient revenue generation to justify their costs and could result in decreased net revenue or profitability. If we are not able to meet customer requirements, either with respect to new customers or existing customers, and either with respect to our software or the manner in which we provide such products, or if we are not able to adapt our business model to meet our customers’ requirements, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely impacted. In particular, a critical component of our growth strategy is to have customers of our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT products, as well as other individual Autodesk products, expand their portfolios to include our other offerings and cloud-based functionality, and we are taking steps to accelerate this migration. At times, sales of our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT or individual Autodesk flagship products have decreased without a corresponding increase in Industry Collections or cloud-based functionality revenue, or without purchases of customer seats to our Industry Collections. Should this continue, our results of operations will be adversely affected. Our executive management team must continuously act quickly and with vision, given the rapidly changing customer expectations and technology advancements inherent in the software industry, the extensive and complex efforts required to create useful and widely accepted products, and the rapid evolution of cloud computing, mobile devices, new computing platforms, and other technologies, such as consumer products. Although we have articulated a strategy that we believe will fulfill these challenges, if we fail to execute properly on that strategy or adapt the strategy as market conditions evolve, we may fail to meet our customers’ expectations, be unable to compete with our competitors' products and technology, and lose the confidence of our channel partners and employees. This in turn could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Existing and increased competition and rapidly evolving technological changes may reduce our revenue and profits . The software industry has limited barriers to entry, and the availability of computing devices with continually expanding performance at progressively lower prices contributes to the ease of market entry. The industry has undergone a transition from developing and selling perpetual licenses and on-premises products to subscriptions and cloud-enabled technologies. This shift further lowers barriers to entry and poses a disruptive challenge to established software companies. The markets in which we operate are characterized by vigorous competition, both by entrants with innovative technologies and by consolidation of companies with complementary offerings and technologies. Some of our competitors have greater financial, technical, sales and marketing, and other resources. Our competitors and new entrants may also be able to develop and market new technologies that render our existing or future products less competitive. For example, disruptive technologies such as machine learning and other AI technologies may significantly alter the market for our products in unpredictable ways and reduce customer demand. The market may also react to these disruptive technologies in unpredictable ways inconsistent with our financial condition and results of operation. Furthermore, a reduction in the number and availability of compatible third-party applications or our inability to rapidly adapt to technological and customer preference changes, including those related to cloud computing, mobile devices, and new computing platforms, may adversely affect the sale of our solutions. Because of these and other factors, competitive conditions in the industry are likely to intensify in the future. Increased competition could result in price reductions, reduced net revenue and profit margins, and loss of market share, any of which would likely harm our business. Global economic and political conditions may further impact our industries, business, and financial results. Our overall performance depends largely upon domestic and worldwide economic and political conditions. The United States and other countries’ economies have experienced cyclical downturns, in which economic activity was impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, decreased government spending, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity, and foreign exchange markets, inflationary pressures and higher interest rates, bankruptcies, and overall uncertainty. These economic conditions can occur abruptly. For example, current geopolitical and global macro-economic challenges, most recently regarding tariffs and trade protectionism, have caused uncertainty in the global economy, and an economic downturn or recession in the United States or in other countries may occur or has already occurred and may continue. The extent to which these challenges will impact our financial condition or results of operations is 17 Table of Contents still uncertain and will continue to depend on developments such as the impact of these challenges on our customers, vendors, distributors, and resellers, such as the supply chain disruption and resulting inflationary pressures and global labor shortage that we have seen recently, material scarcity, as well as other factors; actions taken by governments, businesses, and consumers in response to these challenges; speed and timing of economic recovery, including in specific geographies; our billings and renewal rates, including new business close rates, rate of multi-year contracts, pace of closing larger transactions, and new unit volume growth; wars and armed conflicts, including the ongoing wars between Ukraine and Russia and conflicts in the Middle East; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; and the effect of these challenges on margins and cash flow. All of these factors continue to evolve and remain uncertain at this time, and some of these factors are not within our control. If economic growth in countries where we do business slows or if such countries experience further economic recessions, customers may delay or reduce technology purchases. Our customers include government entities, including the U.S. federal government, and if spending cuts impede the ability of governments to purchase our products and services, our revenue could decline. In addition, a number of our customers rely, directly and indirectly, on government spending. As described elsewhere in these risk factors, we are dependent on international revenue and operations and are subject to related risks of conducting business globally. Trends toward nationalism and protectionism, including imposition of tariffs and related trade wars, and the weakening or dissolution of international trade pacts may increase the cost of, or otherwise interfere with, conducting business. These trends have increased political and economic unpredictability globally and may increase the volatility of global financial markets, and the impact of such developments on the global economy remains uncertain. Political instability or adverse political developments in any of the countries in which we do business could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. A financial sector credit crisis could impair credit availability and the financial stability of our customers, including our distribution partners and channels. A disruption in the financial markets may also have an effect on our derivative counter-parties and could also impair our banking partners, on which we rely for operating cash management. War, geopolitical conflicts, and any related political or economic responses and counter-responses or otherwise by various global actors or the general effect on the global economy, could also affect our business. Any of these events could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our business could be adversely impacted by the costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments. We regularly acquire or invest in businesses, software solutions, and technologies that are complementary to our business through acquisitions, strategic alliances, or equity or debt investments, including several transactions in fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2026. The risks associated with such acquisitions include the difficulty of integrating solutions, operations, and personnel; inheriting liabilities such as intellectual property infringement claims; failure to realize anticipated revenue and cost projections and expected synergies; the requirement to test and assimilate the internal control processes of the acquired business in accordance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and diversion of management's time and attention. In addition, such acquisitions and investments involve other risks such as: • the inability to retain customers, key employees, vendors, distributors, business partners, and other entities associated with the acquired business; • the potential that due diligence of the acquired business or solution does not identify significant problems; • exposure to litigation or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims or litigation risk as a result of, an acquisition, including claims from terminated employees, customers, or other third parties; • the potential for incompatible business cultures; • significantly higher than anticipated transaction or integration-related costs; • the potential that acquired businesses or businesses that we invest in may not have adequate controls, processes, and procedures to ensure compliance with laws and regulations, including with respect to data privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity, as well as anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, export controls, sanctions and industry-specific-regulation; • potential additional exposure to economic, tax, currency, political, legal, and regulatory risks and liabilities, including risks associated with specific countries; and • the potential impact on relationships with existing customers, vendors, and distributors as business partners as a result of acquiring another business. We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business. In addition, if we do not complete an announced acquisition transaction or integrate an acquired business successfully and in a timely manner, we may not realize the benefits of the acquisition to the extent anticipated. Acquisitions and 18 Table of Contents investments have in the past and may in the future contribute to fluctuations in our quarterly financial results. These fluctuations could arise from transaction-related costs and charges associated with eliminating redundant expenses or write-offs of impaired assets recorded in connection with acquisitions and investments, and could negatively impact our financial results. We are dependent on international revenue and operations, exposing us to significant international regulatory, economic, intellectual property, collections, currency exchange rate, taxation, political, and other risks, which could adversely impact our financial results. International net revenue represented 64% of our net revenue for both fiscal 2026 and 2025. Our international revenue, some of which comes from emerging economies, is subject to economic and political conditions in foreign markets, including those resulting from economic and political conditions in the United States. Our total revenue is also impacted by the relative geographical and country mix of our revenue over time. Our dependency on international revenue makes us much more exposed to global economic and political trends, which can negatively impact our financial results even if our results in the United States are strong for a particular period. We anticipate that our international operations will continue to account for a significant portion of our net revenue and, as we expand our international development, sales, and marketing expertise, will provide significant support to our overall efforts in countries outside of the United States. Risks inherent in our international operations include: • economic volatility; • tariffs, quotas, and other trade barriers and restrictions, geopolitical conflicts, and any political or economic responses and counter-responses thereto by various global actors; • fluctuating currency exchange rates, including devaluations, currency controls, and inflation, and risks related to any hedging activities we undertake; • changes in regulatory requirements and practices; • delays resulting from difficulty in obtaining export licenses for certain technology; • different purchase patterns as compared to the developed world; • operating in locations with a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices, particularly in emerging economies; • compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and other anti-corruption laws; • difficulties in staffing and managing foreign sales and development operations; • local competition; • longer collection cycles for accounts receivable; • U.S. and foreign tax law changes and the complexities of tax reporting; • laws regarding the free flow of data across international borders and management of and access to data and public networks; • possible future limitations upon foreign-owned businesses; • increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; • inadequate local infrastructure; • greater difficulty in protecting intellectual property; • software piracy; and • other factors beyond our control, including popular uprisings, terrorism, war (including any related political or economic responses and counter-responses or otherwise by various global actors or the general effect on the global economy), natural disasters, and diseases and pandemics. Some of our business partners also have international operations and are subject to the risks described above. In addition, in recent years, the United States has instituted or proposed changes to foreign trade policy, including the negotiation or termination of trade agreements, the imposition of new or increased tariffs on products imported from certain countries; economic sanctions on individuals, corporations, or countries; and other government regulations affecting trade between the United States and other countries in which we do business. For example, the United States and other global actors have continued to increase sanctions and export restrictions as a result of the war against Ukraine launched by Russia, the geopolitical landscape with respect to China, ongoing conflicts in the Middle East, and other risks. Additionally, recent executive actions and executive branch policies in the United States, such as those communicated in a February 2025 memorandum regarding a change in U.S. policy with respect to the negotiation and imposition of digital services taxes and 19 Table of Contents regulations by other countries, suggest a broader purview for changes in U.S. trade policy as a component of U.S. foreign policy. For example, since March 2025 the United States has imposed additional Section 232 tariffs on various commodities, including steel, aluminum, passenger vehicles and trucks (and components for such vehicles), and other industry-specific targets. Between February 2025 and February 2026, the United States placed additional fentanyl-related tariffs on most goods from China, Canada and Mexico (with an exception for goods that qualify for duty-free treatment under the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement); and between April 2025 and February 2026 placed additional reciprocal tariffs on most imports from U.S. trading partners other than Canada, Mexico, Russia, Belarus, Cuba, and North Korea. These additional U.S. tariffs were implemented under authorities asserted in the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (“IEEPA”) and rescinded on February 24, 2026, following a Supreme Court decision invalidating the use of IEEPA to authorize these tariffs. The availability, timing, and amount of any related refunds associated with payments of these duties remain uncertain and subject to further legal, regulatory, and administrative action. Beginning February 24, 2026, the U.S. government implemented a new, global “temporary import surcharge” of 10% on many of the same products affected by the prior reciprocal tariffs, under authorities provided for in Section 122 of the Trade Act of 1974, supplementing existing non-IEEPA measures. Additional trade-related investigations by the U.S. government are in progress and could result in the imposition of additional tariffs. There is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and its trading partners with respect to trade policies, tariffs, taxes, and similar policies affecting cross-border operations. These new or increased tariffs and other changes in U.S. trade policy, including new sanctions and increased export restrictions, have triggered and could continue to trigger retaliatory actions by affected countries, including Canada, China, Russia, and others, that have instituted, considered, or are considering imposing new or increased tariffs, export controls, and other trade sanctions targeting certain U.S. persons or U.S.-manufactured goods. These retaliatory measures could include responses such as the imposition of new or increased digital services taxes. The escalation of protectionist or retaliatory trade measures in either the United States or any other countries in which we do business, such as additional sanctions, a change in tariff structures, increased export controls, or other trade policies, may increase the cost of, or otherwise interfere with, the conduct of our business, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operations, and business outlook. Even if we are able to successfully manage the risks of international operations, our business may be adversely affected if our business partners are not able to successfully manage these risks. We may not be able to predict subscription renewal rates and their impact on our future revenue and operating results. We are dependent on attracting new customers as well as renewing and expanding our business with existing customers. Our customers are not obligated to renew their subscriptions for our offerings, and they may elect not to renew, upgrade, or expand their subscriptions. We cannot assure renewal rates or the mix of subscriptions renewals. Customer renewal rates may decline or fluctuate due to a number of factors, including offering pricing; competitive offerings; customer satisfaction; and reductions in customer spending levels, customer activity, or number of users due to economic downturns or financial markets uncertainty. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions or if they renew on less favorable terms, our revenues may decline. In addition, we generally recognize subscription revenue over the term of the respective contracts, which typically range from 1-year to 3-years. As a result, most of the revenue we report in each quarter is the result of subscriptions entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any one quarter may not be reflected in our revenue results for that quarter but will negatively impact our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our services, and changes in our attrition rate, may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. Our financial results, key metrics, and other operating metrics fluctuate within each quarter and from quarter to quarter, making our future revenue and financial results difficult to predict. Our quarterly financial results, key metrics, and other operating metrics have fluctuated in the past and will continue to do so in the future. These fluctuations have in the past caused and could in the future cause our stock price to change significantly or experience declines. We also provide investors with quarterly and annual financial forward-looking guidance that could prove to be inaccurate as a result of these fluctuations. In addition to the other risks described in these risk factors, some of the factors that have in the past caused and could in the future cause our financial results, key metrics, and other operating metrics to fluctuate include: • general market, economic, business, and political conditions in Europe and APAC including from an economic downturn or recession in the United States or other countries, as well as economic and regulatory uncertainty; • failure to produce sufficient revenue, billings, subscription, profitability, and cash flow growth; 20 Table of Contents • failure to accurately predict the impact of acquired businesses or to identify and realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, and successfully integrate such acquired businesses and technologies; • shift to named-user plans and annual billing of multi-year contracts, which impacted the timing of our billings and cash collections in fiscal year 2024, 2025 and 2026 and which is expected to continue into fiscal year 2027; • our ability to successfully introduce and expand new transaction models such as Flex; • potential goodwill impairment charges related to prior acquisitions; • failure to manage spend; • changes in billings linearity; • changes in subscription mix, pricing pressure, or changes in subscription pricing; • weak or negative growth in one or more of the industries we serve, including AECO, manufacturing, and digital media and entertainment markets; • the success of new business or sales initiatives; • security breaches, related reputational harm, and potential financial penalties to customers and government entities; • restructuring or other accounting charges and unexpected costs or other operating expenses; • timing of additional investments in our technologies or deployment of our services; • changes in revenue recognition or other accounting guidelines employed by us and/or established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, Securities and Exchange Commission, or other rulemaking bodies; • fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and the effectiveness of our hedging activity; • dependence on and timing of large transactions; • adjustments arising from ongoing or future tax examinations; • the ability of governments around the world to adopt fiscal policies, meet their financial and debt obligations, and finance infrastructure projects; • failure to expand our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT customer base to related design products and services; • our ability to rapidly adapt to technological and customer preference changes, including those related to cloud computing, mobile devices, and new computing platforms; • timing of the introduction of new products by us or our competitors; • the financial and business condition of our reseller and distribution channels; • perceived or actual technical or other problems with a product or combination of subscriptions; • unexpected or negative outcomes of matters and expenses relating to litigation or regulatory inquiries; • increases in cloud functionality-related expenses; • timing of releases and retirements of offerings; • changes in tax laws or tax or accounting rules and regulations, such as increased use of fair value measures; • changes in sales compensation practices; • failure to effectively implement and maintain our copyright legalization programs, especially in developing countries; • renegotiation or termination

=== ADSK_2026-05-29.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves significant risks, a number of which are beyond our control. In addition to the other information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the following discussion highlights some of these risks and the possible impact of these factors on our business, financial condition, and future results of operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely impacted, causing the trading price of our common stock to decline. In addition, these risks and uncertainties may impact the forward-looking statements described elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in the documents incorporated herein by reference. They could affect our actual results of operations, causing them to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Summary of Risk Factors Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our securities. These risks are described more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks relating to the following: • Our strategy to develop and introduce new products and services, exposing us to risks such as limited customer acceptance (both with new and existing customers), costs related to product defects, and large expenditures. • Existing and increased competition and rapidly evolving technological changes. • Global economic and political conditions. • Costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments. • Dependency on international revenue and operations, exposing us to significant international regulatory, economic, intellectual property, collections, currency exchange rate, taxation, political, and other risks. • Inability to predict subscription renewal rates and their impact on our future revenue and operating results. • Fluctuation of our financial results, key metrics and other operating metrics. • Deriving a substantial portion of our net revenue from a small number of solutions, including our AutoCAD-based software products and collections. • Any failure to successfully execute and manage initiatives to realign or introduce new business and sales initiatives. • Our strategy and expectations regarding the expected benefits, timing and costs associated with our restructuring plans. • Net revenue, billings, earnings, cash flow, or subscriptions shortfalls or volatility of the market causing the market price of our stock to decline. • Challenges relating to the proper management and governance of our use of AI in our offerings. • Security incidents compromising the integrity of our or our customers’ offerings, services, data, or intellectual property. • Reliance on third parties to provide us with a number of operational and technical services as well as software. • Our highly complex software, which may contain undetected errors, defects, or vulnerabilities, and is subject to service disruptions, degradations, outages or other performance problems. • Increasing regulatory focus on privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity issues and expanding laws. • Governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate the controls. • Protection of our intellectual property rights and intellectual property infringement claims from others. • The government procurement process. • Fluctuations in currency exchange rates. • Our debt service obligations. • Our investment portfolio consisting of a variety of investment vehicles that are subject to interest rate trends, market volatility, and other economic factors. Risks Relating to Our Business and Strategy Our strategy to develop and introduce new products and services exposes us to risks such as limited customer acceptance (both with new and existing customers), costs related to product defects, and large expenditures, each of which may result in no additional net revenue or decreased net revenue. 41 The software industry is characterized by rapid technological changes as well as changes in customer requirements and preferences. In recent years, the industry has undergone a transition from developing and selling perpetual licenses and on-premises products to subscriptions and cloud-enabled technologies. Both new and existing customers are also reconsidering how they purchase software products, which requires us to constantly evaluate our business model and strategy. In response, we are focused on providing solutions to enable our customers to be more agile and collaborative on their projects. We devote significant resources to the development of new technologies, including AI features. If we are unable to provide new features, enhancements to user experience, and modifications in a timely and cost-effective manner that achieve market acceptance, align with customer expectations, and that keep pace with rapid technological developments and changing regulatory landscapes, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. For example, AI and machine learning are propelling advancements in technology, but if they are not widely adopted and accepted or fail to operate as expected, our business and reputation may be harmed. In addition, we frequently introduce new business models or methods that require a considerable investment of technical and financial resources, such as our introduction of flexible subscription and service offerings, our transition of multi-subscription plans to named-user plans and our new transaction model. It is uncertain whether these strategies, including our product and pricing changes, will accurately reflect customer demand or be successful, or whether we will be able to develop the necessary infrastructure and business models more quickly than our competitors. We make such investments through further development and enhancement of our existing products and services, as well as through acquisitions. Such investments may not result in sufficient revenue generation to justify their costs and could result in decreased net revenue or profitability. If we are not able to meet customer requirements, either with respect to new customers or existing customers, and either with respect to our software or the manner in which we provide such products, or if we are not able to adapt our business model to meet our customers’ requirements, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely impacted. In particular, a critical component of our growth strategy is to have customers of our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT products, as well as other individual Autodesk products, expand their portfolios to include our other offerings and cloud-based functionality, and we are taking steps to accelerate this migration. At times, sales of our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT or individual Autodesk flagship products have decreased without a corresponding increase in Industry Collections or cloud-based functionality revenue, or without purchases of customer seats to our Industry Collections. Should this continue, our results of operations will be adversely affected. Our executive management team must continuously act quickly and with vision, given the rapidly changing customer expectations and technology advancements inherent in the software industry, the extensive and complex efforts required to create useful and widely accepted products, and the rapid evolution of cloud computing, mobile devices, new computing platforms, and other technologies, such as consumer products. Although we have articulated a strategy that we believe will fulfill these challenges, if we fail to execute properly on that strategy or adapt the strategy as market conditions evolve, we may fail to meet our customers’ expectations, be unable to compete with our competitors' products and technology, and lose the confidence of our channel partners and emp