=== ADSK_2026-03-03.htm.gz ===
Item 1A), and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Part II, Item 7). Forward-looking statements are any statements that look to future events and consist of, among other things, our business strategies including our utilization of and strategy regarding artificial intelligence; the implementation of new transaction models and sales and marketing optimization; future financial results (by product type and geography), operational and key metrics and subscriptions; the effects of global economic and political conditions, including the impact of economic volatility and geopolitical activities in certain countries such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East; the impact of past and planned acquisitions and investment activities; expected market trends and market opportunities; our ability to successfully expand adoption of our products; our ability to gain market acceptance of new businesses and sales initiatives; the impact of restructuring activities; cybersecurity and privacy issues or incidents; the effect of competition; the availability of credit; the effects of revenue recognition; the effects of newly recently issued accounting standards; expected trends in certain financial metrics, including expenses; expectations regarding our cash needs and expenditures; the effects of fluctuations in exchange rates and our hedging activities on our financial results; the effect of laws and regulations that we are subject to; the timing and amount of purchases under our stock repurchase plan; and the effects of potential non-cash charges on our financial results and the resulting effect on our financial results. In addition, forward-looking statements also consist of statements involving expectations regarding product capability and acceptance, statements regarding our liquidity and short-term and long-term cash requirements, as well as statements involving trend analyses and statements including such words as may, believe, could, anticipate, would, might, plan, expect, and similar expressions or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are subject to business and economic risks. As such, our actual results could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth below in Item 1A, Risk Factors, and in our other reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made, except as required by law. 4 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Note: A glossary of terms used in this Form 10-K appears at the end of this Item 1. GENERAL We are a global leader in 3D design, engineering and entertainment technology solutions, spanning architecture, engineering, construction, product design, manufacturing, media, and entertainment. Our customers design, fabricate, manufacture, and build anything by visualizing, simulating, and analyzing real-world performance early in the design process. These capabilities allow our customers to foster innovation, optimize their designs, streamline their manufacturing and construction processes, save time and money, improve quality, deliver more sustainable outcomes, communicate plans, and collaborate with others. Our professional software products are sold globally through a combination of indirect and direct channels. Corporate Information Our internet address is www.autodesk.com. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on the Investor Relations portion of our website at www.autodesk.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. PRODUCTS Our architecture, engineering, construction and operations products improve the way building, infrastructure, and industrial projects are designed, built, and operated. Our product development and manufacturing software provides manufacturers in automotive, transportation, industrial machinery, consumer products, and building product industries with comprehensive digital design, engineering, manufacturing, and production solutions. These technologies bring together data from all phases of the product development and production life cycle, creating a digital pipeline that supports greater productivity, accuracy through process automation, and insights that enable more sustainable outcomes. Our digital media and entertainment products provide tools for digital sculpting, modeling, animation, effects, rendering, and compositing for design visualization, visual effects, 3D animation, games production, and enable connection of workflows and data from pre-production to post-production. Our portfolio of products and services enables our customers to foster innovation, optimize and improve their designs, save time and money, improve quality, communicate plans, and collaborate with others. A summary of our revenue by geographic area and product family is found in Part II, Item 8, Note 2, Revenue Recognition, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Autodesk s product offerings include: Architecture, Engineering, Construction and Operations ( AECO ) Architecture, Engineering, and Construction Collection The AEC Collection, including AutoCAD, AutoCAD Civil 3D, and Revit, aims to help our customers design, engineer, and construct higher quality, more predictable building and civil infrastructure projects, commonly used by AECO industry experts. AutoCAD Civil 3D AutoCAD Civil 3D solution provides a surveying, design, analysis, and documentation solution for civil engineering, including land development, transportation, and environmental projects. Using a model-centric approach that automatically updates documentation as design changes are made, AutoCAD Civil 3D enables civil engineers, designers, drafters, and surveyors to significantly boost productivity and deliver higher-quality designs and construction documentation faster. With AutoCAD Civil 3D, the entire project team works from the same consistent, up-to-date model so they stay coordinated throughout all project phases. 5 Table of Contents Autodesk Build Autodesk Build delivers a connected set of project management and collaboration tools for the construction industry. Autodesk Build provides a toolset for managing, sharing, and accessing project documents that results in streamlined workflows between the office, trailer, and jobsite. In addition, Autodesk Build can be used to track the quality and safety of the project with issues and forms. Team members can use Autodesk Build for requests for information (RFIs), submittals, and meetings to manage the flow of information and track project progress across the construction timeline. Autodesk Build delivers field critical project information and collaboration from Autodesk Build to the jobsite. As part of Autodesk Construction Cloud (now known as Forma for Construction), Build connects data originating in design and preconstruction to the construction and operations phase, allowing users to identify, manage and de-risk project decisions. BIM Collaborate Pro Autodesk BIM Collaborate Pro is cloud-based design collaboration and design management software that enables teams to: organize project data, democratize access, and connect; improve project visibility to deliver on time; and work together on increasingly complex projects. Building Connected BuildingConnected is a SaaS preconstruction solution that combines a large real-time, construction network with an easy-to-use tool that helps general contractors and owners streamline subcontractor qualification, and the bid and risk management process. Revit Revit software is built for Building Information Modeling ( BIM ) to help professionals design, build, and maintain higher-quality, more energy-efficient buildings. Using the information-rich models created with Revit, architects, engineers, and construction firms can collaborate to make better-informed decisions earlier in the design process to deliver projects with greater efficiency. Revit includes features for architectural, mechanical, electrical, and plumbing design as well as structural engineering and construction, providing a comprehensive solution for the entire building project team. Tandem Tandem is a cloud-based platform that transforms the built asset lifecycle. Tandem helps AECO firms harness BIM data throughout the project lifecycle to create and hand over a digital twin. Tandem helps owners connect operational systems to the digital twin, turning fragmented data into business intelligence. AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT AutoCAD AutoCAD software is a customizable and extensible CAD application for professional design, drafting, detailing, and visualization. AutoCAD software provides digital tools that can be used independently and in conjunction with other specific applications in fields ranging from construction and civil engineering to manufacturing and plant design. AutoCAD LT AutoCAD LT software is purpose built for professional drafting and detailing. AutoCAD LT includes document sharing capability without the need for software customization or certain advanced functionality found in AutoCAD. Users can share all design data with team members who use AutoCAD or other Autodesk products built on AutoCAD. Manufacturing ( MFG ) Fusion Fusion is the first 3D CAD, CAM, and computer-aided engineering ( CAE ) tool of its kind. It connects the entire product development process on a single cloud-based platform. 6 Table of Contents Inventor Inventor enables manufacturers to go beyond 3D design to digital prototyping by giving engineers a comprehensive and flexible set of tools for 3D mechanical design, simulation, analysis, tooling, visualization, and documentation. Engineers can integrate AutoCAD drawings and model-based design data into a single digital model, creating a virtual representation of a final product that enables them to validate the form, fit, and function of the product before it is ever built. Product Design Manufacturing Collection The Product Design Manufacturing Collection offers connected, professional-grade tools that help our customers make great products today and compete in the changing manufacturing landscape of the future. The collection offers access to a wide range of our products, including AutoCAD, Fusion, Vault, and Inventor. Vault Vault data management software makes it easier to manage data in one central location, accelerate design processes, and streamline internal/external collaboration. Vault integrates with more than 30 Autodesk design applications, provides powerful revisioning and access control capabilities, and enables customers to share product data securely to improve engineering cycle time and reduce manufacturing errors. Media and Entertainment ( M E ) Flow Production Tracking Flow Production Tracking is cloud-based production management software for the M E industry. Creative companies use the Flow Production Tracking platform to provide essential tool collaboration, review, scheduling and tracking to producers, production managers, artists and supervisors, who often work globally with distributed teams. Maya Maya software provides 3D modeling, animation, effects, rendering, and compositing solutions that enable film and video artists, game developers, and design visualization professionals to digitally create engaging, lifelike images, realistic animations and simulations, extraordinary visual effects, and full-length animated feature films. Media Entertainment Collection The M E Collection provides end-to-end creative tools for entertainment creation. This collection enables animators, modelers, and visual effects artists to access the tools they need, including Maya and 3ds Max, to create compelling effects, 3D characters, and digital worlds. 3ds Max 3ds Max software provides 3D modeling, animation, and rendering solutions that enable game developers, design visualization professionals, and visual effects artists to digitally create realistic images, animations, and complex scenes and to digitally communicate abstract or complex mechanical, architectural, engineering, and construction concepts. PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AND INTRODUCTION The technology industry is characterized by rapid technological change in computer hardware, operating systems, and software. In addition, o ur customers requirements and preferences rapidly evolve, as do their expectations of the performance of our software and services. To keep pace with these changes, we maintain a vigorous program of new product development to address demands in the marketplace for our products, such as enabling convergence, more flexibility and sustainable outcomes. We are undertaking a multi-year process to develop lifecycle solutions within and between our industry clouds, powered by shared platform services, and with our data model at its core. Together, these will help enable Autodesk, its customers, and partners, to create more valuable, data-driven, and connected products and services. 7 Table of Contents Subscription plan offerings are designed to give our customers increased flexibility with how they use our products and service offerings and to attract a broader range of customers such as project-based users and small businesses. Subscription plans represent a combined hybrid offering of desktop software and cloud functionality which provides a device-independent, collaborative design workflow for designers and their stakeholders. We dedicate considerable technical and financial resources to research and development to deliver additional automation and insights to our customers through artificial intelligence ( AI ), machine learning, and generative design, which increase efficiency and sustainability and reduce waste. These investments further enhance our existing products and create new solutions and technologies which connect the workflows and data of our customers across the ecosystem of their projects and expand our market opportunity. Our tools connect and automate the phases of design and creation, enabling greater collaboration and the seamless flow of data for individuals and teams across all phases. Our software is primarily developed internally; however, we also use independent firms and contractors to perform some of our product development activities. Additionally, we acquire or license products and technologies developed by third parties. We continually review these investments to ensure that we are generating sufficient revenue or gaining a competitive advantage to justify their costs. The majority of our research and product development is performed in the United States, Canada, and India. However, we employ experienced software developers in many of our other locations. Translation and localization of our products are performed in several local markets, principally Singapore and Ireland. We generally localize and translate our products into German, French, Italian, Spanish, Japanese, Korean, and simplified and traditional Chinese. We plan to continue managing significant product development operations internationally over the next several years. We believe that our ability to conduct research and development at various locations throughout the world allows us to tap into a diverse global talent pool, optimize costs, and integrate local market knowledge into our development activities. We continually assess costs, hiring challenges, and intellectual property protection, against the benefits of our international development activities. For further discussion regarding risks from our product development and introduction efforts, see Item 1A, Risk Factors. MARKETING AND SALES We sell our products and services globally, through a combination of direct and indirect channels. We transact directly with our enterprise and named account customers, with customers through our online Autodesk branded store, and with certain customers through our new transaction model whereby Solution Providers provide a quote to customers but the actual transaction occurs directly between Autodesk and the customer. The new transaction model helps customers with enhanced control and time savings through self-service, consistent pricing, and a more personalized buying experience. Also, it gives Solution Providers and Autodesk access to essential data to improve our offerings and the customers buying experience. We expect our indirect channel will continue to transact and support a considerable portion of our customers, particularly in emerging regions and with governments. Our indirect channel model includes both a two-tiered distribution structure, where distributors sell to resellers, and a one-tiered structure, where Autodesk sells directly to resellers. We have a network of approximately 1,170 resellers and distributors worldwide. For fiscal 2026, approximately 37% of our revenue was derived from indirect channel sales through distributors and resellers. We employ a variety of incentive programs and promotions to align our direct and indirect channels with our business strategies. We anticipate that our channel mix will continue to change as we scale our business. With the continued growth of our online Autodesk branded store and our new transaction model, we are transacting directly with more end customers, rather than through distributors and resellers, without substantial disruption to our revenue. Our ability to effectively distribute our products depends in part upon the financial and business condition of our distributor, reseller and Solution Provider networks. The loss of, or a significant reduction in, business with any one of our major distributors, large resellers or Solution Providers could harm our business. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, for further discussion. The transition to annual billings for multi-year contracts impacted the timing of our billings and cash collections in fiscal 2026 and we expect this impact to continue into fiscal year 2027. See Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for further discussion. 8 Table of Contents Revenue through our largest distributor, TD Synnex Corporation and its global affiliates (collectively, TD Synnex ), accounted for 14%, 33%, and 39% of our net revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2026, 2025 and 2024, respectively. In connection with our new transaction model, we entered into a new distribution agreement with TD Synnex for government business in certain jurisdictions. We maintained distribution relationships in emerging markets. We have increased our selling efforts with Solution Providers in connection with our new transaction model. Consequently, we believe our business is not substantially dependent on TD Synnex. No other distributor, reseller, or direct customer accounted for 10% or more of our revenue in fiscal 2026. Our customer-related operations are divided into three geographic regions: the Americas; EMEA; and APAC. Each geographic region is supported by global marketing and sales organizations. These organizations develop and manage overall marketing and sales programs and work closely with a network of domestic and international sales offices. We believe that international sales will continue to comprise the majority of our total net revenue. Adverse economic conditions and currency exchange rates in the countries that contribute a significant portion of our net revenue, including emerging economies, may have an adverse effect on our business in those countries and our overall financial performance. Our international operations and sales subject us to a variety of risks. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, for further discussion. We also work directly with distributors, Solution Providers and other partner organizations, computer manufacturers, other software developers, and peripherals manufacturers in cooperative advertising, promotions, and trade-show presentations. We connect with our audiences through scalable marketing strategies such as webinars, live and virtual events, personalized outreach, digital campaigns, sponsorships, and targeted advertising across industry publications, technology platforms, media outlets, and social networks. We also foster global user networks and online communities, enabling customers to connect, collaborate, and share insights about our products, services, and solutions. We generate revenue primarily through various offerings that provide recurring revenue. Under our subscription plan, customers can use our software anytime, anywhere, get access to the latest updates, and previous versions through term-based product subscriptions, cloud service offerings, and enterprise business agreements ( EBA ). Historically, we have had increased EBA sales activity in our fourth fiscal quarter. This seasonality may not have an immediate impact on our revenue as we recognize subscription revenue over the term of the contract. This seasonality may also affect the relative value of our billings, Remaining Performance Obligations ( RPO ), and collections in the fourth and first fiscal quarters. CUSTOMER AND PARTNER SUPPORT With the new transaction model, we are approaching the final phase of modernizing our go-to-market motion, which includes building more durable and direct relationships with our customers, updating our data infrastructure, and retiring old information systems and business models. We provide technical support and training to customers through a multi-tiered support model, augmented by direct programs designed to address certain specific customer needs. Some of our customers receive support and training from resellers and distributors from which they purchased subscriptions or licenses for our products or services, with Autodesk in turn providing second-tier support to the resellers and distributors. Some of our customers may also purchase support and training from Solution Providers. Other customers are supported directly via self-service using the Autodesk Knowledge Network, which guides customers to answers in our online support assets, support forums, or webinars, or to support representatives using different modalities such as social media, phone, email, and webchat. We also support our resellers and distributors through technical product training, sales training classes, webinars, and other knowledge-sharing programs. GOVERNANCE AND IMPACT PROGRAMS Impact at Autodesk Autodesk is committed to advancing a more sustainable, resilient, and inclusive world. We take action as a business to support our employees, customers, and communities in our collective opportunity to design and make a better world for all. We focus our efforts to advance positive outcomes across three primary areas: energy and materials, health and resilience, and work and prosperity. These impact opportunity areas are derived from the UN Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ) and have been identified through a multi-pronged process to align the top needs of our stakeholders, the issues that are most important to our business, and the areas we are best placed to accelerate positive impact at scale. 9 Table of Contents These opportunities primarily manifest as outcomes through how our customers leverage our technology to design and make net-zero carbon buildings, resilient infrastructure, more sustainable products, and a thriving workforce. We support and amplify these opportunities through powering our business with 100% renewable energy, neutralizing greenhouse gas emissions associated with our operations, developing an inclusive culture and supporting students and educators with tools and training to equip the next generation of innovators. We advance these opportunities with industry innovators through collaboration with our customers and partners, deploying philanthropic capital to changemakers, and providing software donations, and training to our wider ecosystem. Autodesk committed to target 1% of annual operating profit for the long-term support of our impact programs, which includes our philanthropic work and our climate commitments. These programs align with our operational priorities and long-term growth strategy. We aim to maintain our commitments, fostering trust with stakeholders and enabling compliance with global regulations. Education Autodesk is committed to helping students gain the in-demand skills and certifications needed to demonstrate they are prepared for current and emerging roles in the industries we serve. We offer free educational licenses of Autodesk s complete portfolio of professional software to verified students, educators, and accredited educational institutions worldwide. Additionally, we offer self-paced, modular learning and curriculum for K-12, post-secondary students, and educators. Our intention is to make Autodesk software the preferred choice for those poised to become the next generation of design, engineering, and construction professionals. Sustainability Climate Change In addressing the global challenges posed by climate change, we make it possible for our customers to innovate and respond to associated changes in regulation, building code, physical climate parameters, and other climate-related developments. This effort can directly and indirectly create more demand for existing and new Autodesk products and services in the short and long-term. Furthermore, our leadership is committed to taking climate action and that commitment goes hand in hand with our values and reputation in the marketplace. Climate Change Management Actions To drive continued progress and meet growing demand, we continue to expand the solutions, education, and support we offer, helping customers secure a competitive advantage for a low-carbon future by designing high-performance buildings, resilient cities and infrastructure, and more efficient transportation and products. To continue to grow this market, we invest in our tools to meet customer s demand as well as provide software and support to early-stage entrepreneurs, nonprofit organizations, and start-up companies who are designing clean technologies. We are expanding these offerings based upon demand and opportunity in response to challenges posed by climate change. Internally, we are investing in best practices to mitigate our greenhouse gas emissions ( GHGs ) and climate change risk through investments in renewable energy, energy efficiency, and disaster management and recovery strategies. Our Enterprise Risk Management process considered how climate impacts could affect and potentially amplify the overall significance of each identified risk and opportunity. We regularly assess risks and opportunities in this area and respond accordingly. Emissions Performance Other Key Performance Indicators In fiscal year 2025, we made progress on our science-based GHG reduction target, to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHGs 50%, and reduce Scope 3 GHGs per dollar of gross profit 55%, by fiscal year 2031, compared to fiscal year 2020. Additionally, in fiscal 2025, we were responsible for 155,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions across our market-based operational boundary. This represents a 32% reduction compared to our fiscal year 2020 base line. In addition, our residual 155,000 metric tons of CO2e emissions were neutralized through the procurement of high quality carbon offsets credits. Impact Reports More information about our sustainability financing and commitment can be found in our annual Impact Reports, which we have published on our website since 2008. Our fiscal 2026 Impact Report will be published in fiscal 2027. Information contained on or accessible through our website is not part of or incorporated by reference into this report. 10 Table of Contents Philanthropy The Autodesk Foundation (the Foundation ), a privately funded 501(c)(3) charity organization established and solely funded by us, leads our philanthropic efforts. The purpose of the Foundation is twofold: to support employees to create a better world at work, at home, and in the community by matching employees volunteer time and donations to nonprofit organizations; and to support organizations using design and make solutions to drive positive impact. In the latter case, we use philanthropic capital, software donations, and training to accomplish this goal, selecting the most impactful and innovative organizations around the world who are innovating to create a better future for our planet. On our behalf, the Foundation also administers a discounted software donation program to nonprofit organizations, entrepreneurs, and others who are developing design solutions that will shape a more sustainable future. DEVELOPER PROGRAMS Our business and our customers benefit from our relationships with an extensive developer network. These developers create and sell their own interoperable products that further enhance the range of integrated solutions available to our customers. One of our key strategies is to maintain an API based architecture of our software products to facilitate third-party development of complementary products and industry-specific software solutions. This approach enables customers and third parties to customize solutions for a wide variety of highly specific uses. We offer several programs that provide strategic investment funding, technological platforms, user communities, technical support, forums, and events to developers who develop add-on applications for our products. For example, we have established the Autodesk Platform Services to support innovators that build solutions to facilitate the development of a single connected ecosystem for the future of how things are designed, made, and used. Autodesk Platform Services facilitates the development of a single connected ecosystem for integrating Autodesk applications with other enterprise, web, and mobile solutions. COMPETITION The markets for our products are highly competitive, are subject to rapid change, and can have complex interdependencies between many of the larger businesses. We strive to increase our competitive separation by investing in research and development, allowing us to bring new products to market and create exciting new versions of existing products that offer compelling efficiencies for our customers. We also compete through investments in marketing and sales to more effectively reach new customers and better serve existing customers. Our competitors include large, global, publicly traded companies; small, geographically focused firms; startup firms; and solutions produced in-house by their users. Our primary global competitors include Adobe Systems Incorporated, Bentley Systems, Inc., Dassault Syst mes S.A. and its subsidiary Dassault Syst mes SolidWorks Corp., Intergraph Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Hexagon AB, MSC Software Corporation, Nemetschek AG, Oracle Corporation, Procore Technologies, Inc., PTC Inc., 3D Systems Corporation, Siemens PLM, and Trimble Navigation Limited, among others. The software industry has limited barriers to entry, and the availability of computing power with continually expanding performance at progressively lower prices contributes to the ease of market entry. The industry continues to undergo a platform shift from the personal computer to cloud and mobile computing. This shift further lowers barriers to entry and poses a disruptive challenge to established software companies. The design software market is characterized by vigorous competition in each of the vertical markets in which we compete, both from existing competitors and by entry of new competitors with innovative technologies. Competition is increasingly enhanced by consolidation of companies with complementary products and technologies and the possibility that competitors in one vertical segment may enter other vertical segments that we serve. In addition, some of our competitors in certain markets have greater financial, technical, sales and marketing, and other resources than we do. Our competitors and new entrants may also be able to develop and market new technologies that render our existing or future products less competitive. Disruptive technologies such as machine learning and other AI technologies may significantly alter the market for our products in unpredictable ways and reduce customer demand. Because of these and other factors, competitive conditions in these industries are likely to continue to intensify in the future. Increased competition could result in price reductions, reduced net revenue and profit margins, and loss of market share, any of which could harm our business. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, for further discussion of risks regarding competition. We believe that our future results depend largely upon our ability to better serve customers by offering new products, including cloud and mobile computing products, whether by internal development or acquisition, and to continue to provide existing product offerings that compete favorably with respect to ease of use, reliability, performance, range of useful features, continuing product enhancements, reputation, price, and training. 11 Table of Contents INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND LICENSES We maintain an active program to legally protect our investment in technology through intellectual property rights. We protect our intellectual property through a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret protections, confidentiality procedures, and contractual provisions. The nature and extent of legal protection associated with each such intellectual property right depends on, among other things, the type of intellectual property right and the given jurisdiction in which such right arises. We believe that our intellectual property rights are valuable and important to our business. Nonetheless, our intellectual property rights may not be successfully asserted in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. In addition, the laws and enforcement of the laws of various foreign countries where our products are distributed do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as U.S. laws. Enforcement of intellectual property rights against alleged infringers can sometimes lead to costly litigation and counterclaims. Our inability to protect our proprietary information could harm our business. From time to time, we receive claims alleging infringement of a third party s intellectual property rights, including patents. Disputes involving our intellectual property rights or those of another party have in the past and may in the future lead to, among other things, costly litigation or product shipment delays, which could harm our business. We retain ownership of software we develop. Our combined hybrid offerings include both desktop software and cloud functionality. Desktop software is licensed to users pursuant to click through or signed license agreements containing restrictions on duplication, disclosure, and transfer. Cloud software and associated services are provided to users pursuant to online or signed terms of service agreements containing restrictions on access and use. We believe that because of the limitations of laws protecting our intellectual property and the rapid, ongoing technological changes in both the computer hardware and software industries, we must rely principally upon software engineering and marketing skills to continually maintain and enhance our competitive market position. While we have recovered some revenue resulting from the unauthorized use of our software solutions, we are unable to measure the full extent to which unauthorized use of our software products exists. We believe, however, that unauthorized use of our software is and can be expected to be a persistent problem that negatively impacts our revenue and financial results. We believe that our transition from perpetual use software licenses to a subscription-based business model combined with the change from desktop to cloud-based computing will shift the incentives and means by which software is used without authorization. In addition, through various licensing arrangements, we receive certain rights to intellectual property of others. We expect to maintain current licensing arrangements and to secure licensing arrangements in the future, as needed and to the extent available on reasonable terms and conditions, to support continued development and sales of our products and services. Some of these licensing arrangements require or may require royalty payments and other licensing fees. The amount of these payments and fees may depend on various factors, including but not limited to: the structure of royalty payments, offsetting considerations, if any, and the degree of use of the licensed technology. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, for further discussion of risks related to protecting our intellectual property. PRODUCTION AND SUPPLIERS The production of our software products and services involves duplication or hosting of software media. The way that we deliver software has evolved during our business model transition. For certain cloud-based products, we use a combination of co-located hosting facilities and increasingly Amazon Web Services and to a lesser degree other infrastructure-as-a-service providers. We offer customers an electronic software download option for both initial product fulfillment and subsequent product updates. Customers who choose electronic fulfillment receive the latest version of the software from our vendor s secure servers. Customers may also obtain our software through media such as DVDs and USB flash drives available from multiple sources. TALENT AND HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Our employees play a central role in the success of our long-term strategy. Autodesk s Culture Code defines values and behaviors that support our commitment to being a customer company, where each employee takes responsibility for 12 Table of Contents understanding our customers needs, expectations, and experiences. As of January 31, 2026, we employed approximately 14,300 people, a decrease from approximately 15,300 employees as of the end of fiscal year 2025. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. In certain foreign countries, our employees are represented by trade unions or works councils. We have never experienced any work stoppages and believe our employee relations are strong. Reliance upon employees in other countries entails various risks and changes in these foreign countries, such as government instability or regulation unfavorable to foreign-owned businesses, which could negatively impact our business in the future. Diversity and Belonging Autodesk views our culture, diversity, and belonging efforts as directly linked to high performance and unlocking human ingenuity. Our commitment to maintaining a global workforce is grounded in our values and how we work, being inclusive, respectful, and collaborative. Our culture seeks to enable Autodesk employees to do their best work, innovate, contribute to the success of our company, and prosper. We believe there are markets for talent that remain untapped or underutilized, which drives our sourcing and networking efforts. We do this by widening our talent pipelines to attract and retain the most capable, skilled, and top-tier professionals from all backgrounds. This strategy strengthens our ability to meet and speak to an ever-expanding and diverse customer base, fueling our competitive edge, increasing customer trust, and driving sustainable growth and success in a dynamic global marketplace. We consistently expand our networks and investments in targeted partnerships-both professional and academic- including: Hispanic-serving educational institutions, Historically Black Colleges and Universities and professional organizations around the globe that provide greater access to pools of under recognized talent in key sectors like technology. By leveraging our extensive portfolio of programs scholarships, internships, sponsorship agreements, mentorship, and development we demonstrate our capability to nurture and retain top-tier talent. We offer continuous development opportunities to all employees that facilitate mentorship relationships, as well as focused sponsorship and leadership development programs in partnership with our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs). We proudly support nine ERGs, which are open to all employees and play a pivotal role in scaling a sense of belonging across the Company. These groups are formed based on various factors, including shared interests, backgrounds, unique identities, and professional experiences. Our culture promotes choice, allowing employees to engage and participate in ways that resonate with them whether as allies or direct members of one or more groups. ERGs are one of the ways we retain and engage our talent community of Autodesk employees, while also creating a work environment that learns from and leverages diverse perspectives and experiences that enrich how we all work together as one Autodesk. Finally, we are an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate in recruiting, hiring, training, or promoting on any basis protected by law. Additional information on our Diversity and Belonging program, initiatives, and metrics can be found on our website at autodesk.com/company/diversity-and-belonging. Information contained on or accessible through our website is not part of or incorporated by reference into this report. Professional Development and Employee Impact We believe career development plays an important role in keeping our employees engaged and in providing additional opportunities for them to grow and build their careers. Autodesk offers extensive professional and technical development opportunities for our employees. These include self-service online modules and personalized learning paths, professional and management development programs, and a tuition reimbursement program. We also encourage our employees to advance our vision for a better world and support their professional development by participating in our pro bono consulting program, using paid time to volunteer, and have their charitable giving matched by the Autodesk Foundation. Total Rewards To attract, retain, and support our employees, we offer competitive compensation and benefits programs, several of which include an element of choice to meet the needs of our diverse and global population. In addition to competitive base pay and opportunities to receive short-term incentives, all our employees are eligible to participate in our long-term plans. We also have 13 Table of Contents comprehensive health and wellness benefits, a generous time off program, an employee stock purchase plan, sabbaticals, retirement plans, financial support programs, financial tools and education, and an employee assistance program. ACQUISITIONS We acquired new technology or supplemented our existing technology by purchasing businesses or technology related assets focused in specific markets or industries. During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026, Autodesk did not complete any business combinations. We acquire technology-related assets that are complementary to or otherwise enhance our existing technologies. We also make investments in privately held companies that develop technology that is complementary to or provide strategic value and expand opportunities for our technologies. REGULATION We are subject to various regulations, particularly those involving privacy and import/export controls. See Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Relating to Laws and Regulations, for further discussion. GLOSSARY OF TERMS Billings: Total revenue plus the net change in deferred revenue from the beginning to the end of the period. Cloud Service Offerings: Represents individual term-based offerings deployed through web browser technologies or in a hybrid software and cloud configuration. Cloud service offerings that are bundled with other product offerings are not captured as a separate cloud service offering. Constant Currency (CC) Growth Rates: We attempt to represent the changes in the underlying business operations by eliminating fluctuations caused by changes in foreign currency exchange rates as well as eliminating hedge gains or losses recorded within the current and comparative periods. We calculate constant currency growth rates by (i) applying the applicable prior period exchange rates to current period results and (ii) excluding any gains or losses from foreign currency hedge contracts that are reported in the current and comparative periods. Design Business: Represents the combination of maintenance, product subscriptions, and all EBAs. Main products include, but are not limited to, AutoCAD, AutoCAD LT, Industry Collections, Revit, Inventor, Maya, and 3ds Max. Certain products, such as our computer aided manufacturing solutions, incorporate both Design and Make functionality and are classified as Design. Enterprise Business Agreements (EBAs): Represents programs providing enterprise customers with token-based access to a broad pool of Autodesk products over a defined contract term. Flex: A pay-as-you-go consumption option to pre-purchase tokens to access any product available with Flex for a daily rate. Free Cash Flow: Cash flow from operating activities minus capital expenditures. Industry Collections: Autodesk Industry Collections are a combination of products and services that target a specific user objective and support a set of workflows for that objective. Our Industry Collections consist of: Autodesk Architecture, Engineering, and Construction Collection, Autodesk Product Design and Manufacturing Collection, and Autodesk Media and Entertainment Collection. Maintenance Plan: Our maintenance plans provide our customers with a cost effective and predictable budgetary option to obtain the productivity benefits of our new releases and enhancements when and if released during the term of their contracts. Under our maintenance plans, customers are eligible to receive unspecified upgrades when and if available, and technical support. We recognize maintenance revenue over the term of the agreements, generally one year. Make Business: Represents certain cloud-based product subscriptions. Main products include, but are not limited to, Autodesk Build, BIM Collaborate Pro, BuildingConnected, Fusion, and Flow Production Tracking. Certain products, such as Fusion, incorporate both Design and Make functionality and are classified as Make. 14 Table of Contents Net Revenue Retention Rate (NR3): Measures the year-over-year change in Recurring Revenue for the population of customers that existed one year ago ( base customers ). Net revenue retention rate is calculated by dividing the current quarter Recurring Revenue related to base customers by the total corresponding quarter Recurring Revenue from one year ago. Recurring Revenue is based on USD reported revenue, and fluctuations caused by changes in foreign currency exchange rates and hedge gains or losses have not been eliminated. Recurring Revenue related to acquired companies, one year after acquisition, has been captured as existing customers until such data conforms to the calculation methodology. This may cause variability in the comparison. Other Revenue: Consists of revenue from consulting, training and other products and services, and is recognized as the products are delivered and services are performed. Product Family: A grouping of related products or solutions that address specific industry or market needs, customer types, or use cases, or share core underlying technology or deployment models. Where a customer has a right to use different products over time, Autodesk may classify amounts to a single product family based on the customer s primary industry or use case, or to product family other, or allocate the amounts across product families using estimates. Product Subscription: Provides customers a flexible, cost-effective way to access and manage 3D design, engineering, and entertainment software tools. Our product subscriptions currently represent a hybrid of desktop and cloud functionality, which provides a device-independent, collaborative design workflow for designers and their stakeholders. Recurring Revenue: Consists of the revenue for the period from our traditional maintenance plans, our subscription plan offerings, and certain Other revenue. It excludes subscription revenue related to third-party products. Recurring revenue acquired with the acquisition of a business is captured when total subscriptions are captured in our systems and may cause variability in the comparison of this calculation. Remaining Performance Obligations (RPO): The sum of total short-term, long-term, and unbilled deferred revenue. Current remaining performance obligations is the amount of revenue we expect to recognize in the next twelve months. Solution Provider : Solution Provider is the name of our channel partners who primarily serve our new transaction model customers worldwide. Solution Providers may also be resellers in relation to Autodesk solutions . Spend : The sum of cost of revenue and operating expenses. Subscription Plan: Comprises our term-based product subscriptions, cloud service offerings, and EBAs. Subscriptions represent a combined hybrid offering of desktop software and cloud functionality which provides a device-independent, collaborative design workflow for designers and their stakeholders. With subscription, customers can use our software anytime, anywhere, and get access to the latest updates to previous versions. Subscription Revenue: Includes our cloud-enabled term-based product subscriptions, cloud service offerings, and flexible EBAs. Unbilled Deferred Revenue: Unbilled deferred revenue represents contractually stated or committed contracts under early renewal and multi-year billing plans for subscription, services, and maintenance for which the associated deferred revenue has not been recognized. Under FASB Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 606, unbilled deferred revenue is not included as a receivable or deferred revenue on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves significant risks, a number of which are beyond our control. In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following discussion highlights some of these risks and the possible impact of these factors on our business, financial condition, and future results of operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely impacted, causing the trading price of our common stock to decline. In addition, these risks and uncertainties may impact the forward-looking statements described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in the documents incorporated herein by reference. They could affect our actual results of operations, causing them to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. 15 Table of Contents Summary of Risk Factors Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our securities. These risks are described more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks relating to the following: Our strategy to develop and introduce new products and services, exposing us to risks such as limited customer acceptance (both with new and existing customers), costs related to product defects, and large expenditures. Existing and increased competition and rapidly evolving technological changes. Global economic and political conditions. Costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments. Dependency on international revenue and operations, exposing us to significant international regulatory, economic, intellectual property, collections, currency exchange rate, taxation, political, and other risks. Inability to predict subscription renewal rates and their impact on our future revenue and operating results. Fluctuation of our financial results, key metrics and other operating metrics. Deriving a substantial portion of our net revenue from a small number of solutions, including our AutoCAD-based software products and collections. Any failure to successfully execute and manage initiatives to realign or introduce new business and sales initiatives. Our strategy and expectations regarding the expected benefits, timing and costs associated with our restructuring plans. Net revenue, billings, earnings, cash flow, or subscriptions shortfalls or volatility of the market causing the market price of our stock to decline. Challenges relating to the proper management and governance of our use of AI in our offerings. Security incidents compromising the integrity of our or our customers offerings, services, data, or intellectual property. Reliance on third parties to provide us with a number of operational and technical services as well as software. Our highly complex software, which may contain undetected errors, defects, or vulnerabilities, and is subject to service disruptions, degradations, outages or other performance problems. Increasing regulatory focus on privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity issues and expanding laws. Governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate the controls. Protection of our intellectual property rights and intellectual property infringement claims from others. The government procurement process. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Our debt service obligations. Our investment portfolio consisting of a variety of investment vehicles that are subject to interest rate trends, market volatility, and other economic factors. Risks Relating to Our Business and Strategy Our strategy to develop and introduce new products and services exposes us to risks such as limited customer acceptance (both with new and existing customers), costs related to product defects, and large expenditures, each of which may result in no additional net revenue or decreased net revenue. The software industry is characterized by rapid technological changes as well as changes in customer requirements and preferences. In recent years, the industry has undergone a transition from developing and selling perpetual licenses and on-premises products to subscriptions and cloud-enabled technologies. Both new and existing customers are also reconsidering how they purchase software products, which requires us to constantly evaluate our business model and strategy. In response, we are focused on providing solutions to enable our customers to be more agile and collaborative on their projects. We devote significant resources to the development of new technologies, including AI features. If we are unable to provide new features, enhancements to user experience, and modifications in a timely and cost-effective manner that achieve market acceptance, align with customer expectations, and that keep pace with rapid technological developments and changing regulatory landscapes, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. For example, AI and machine learning are propelling advancements in technology, but if they are not widely adopted and accepted or fail to operate as expected, our business and reputation may be harmed. 16 Table of Contents In addition, we frequently introduce new business models or methods that require a considerable investment of technical and financial resources, such as our introduction of flexible subscription and service offerings, our transition of multi-subscription plans to named-user plans and our new transaction model. It is uncertain whether these strategies, including our product and pricing changes, will accurately reflect customer demand or be successful, or whether we will be able to develop the necessary infrastructure and business models more quickly than our competitors. We make such investments through further development and enhancement of our existing products and services, as well as through acquisitions. Such investments may not result in sufficient revenue generation to justify their costs and could result in decreased net revenue or profitability. If we are not able to meet customer requirements, either with respect to new customers or existing customers, and either with respect to our software or the manner in which we provide such products, or if we are not able to adapt our business model to meet our customers requirements, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely impacted. In particular, a critical component of our growth strategy is to have customers of our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT products, as well as other individual Autodesk products, expand their portfolios to include our other offerings and cloud-based functionality, and we are taking steps to accelerate this migration. At times, sales of our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT or individual Autodesk flagship products have decreased without a corresponding increase in Industry Collections or cloud-based functionality revenue, or without purchases of customer seats to our Industry Collections. Should this continue, our results of operations will be adversely affected. Our executive management team must continuously act quickly and with vision, given the rapidly changing customer expectations and technology advancements inherent in the software industry, the extensive and complex efforts required to create useful and widely accepted products, and the rapid evolution of cloud computing, mobile devices, new computing platforms, and other technologies, such as consumer products. Although we have articulated a strategy that we believe will fulfill these challenges, if we fail to execute properly on that strategy or adapt the strategy as market conditions evolve, we may fail to meet our customers expectations, be unable to compete with our competitors' products and technology, and lose the confidence of our channel partners and employees. This in turn could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Existing and increased competition and rapidly evolving technological changes may reduce our revenue and profits . The software industry has limited barriers to entry, and the availability of computing devices with continually expanding performance at progressively lower prices contributes to the ease of market entry. The industry has undergone a transition from developing and selling perpetual licenses and on-premises products to subscriptions and cloud-enabled technologies. This shift further lowers barriers to entry and poses a disruptive challenge to established software companies. The markets in which we operate are characterized by vigorous competition, both by entrants with innovative technologies and by consolidation of companies with complementary offerings and technologies. Some of our competitors have greater financial, technical, sales and marketing, and other resources. Our competitors and new entrants may also be able to develop and market new technologies that render our existing or future products less competitive. For example, disruptive technologies such as machine learning and other AI technologies may significantly alter the market for our products in unpredictable ways and reduce customer demand. The market may also react to these disruptive technologies in unpredictable ways inconsistent with our financial condition and results of operation. Furthermore, a reduction in the number and availability of compatible third-party applications or our inability to rapidly adapt to technological and customer preference changes, including those related to cloud computing, mobile devices, and new computing platforms, may adversely affect the sale of our solutions. Because of these and other factors, competitive conditions in the industry are likely to intensify in the future. Increased competition could result in price reductions, reduced net revenue and profit margins, and loss of market share, any of which would likely harm our business. Global economic and political conditions may further impact our industries, business, and financial results. Our overall performance depends largely upon domestic and worldwide economic and political conditions. The United States and other countries economies have experienced cyclical downturns, in which economic activity was impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, decreased government spending, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity, and foreign exchange markets, inflationary pressures and higher interest rates, bankruptcies, and overall uncertainty. These economic conditions can occur abruptly. For example, current geopolitical and global macro-economic challenges, most recently regarding tariffs and trade protectionism, have caused uncertainty in the global economy, and an economic downturn or recession in the United States or in other countries may occur or has already occurred and may continue. The extent to which these challenges will impact our financial condition or results of operations is 17 Table of Contents still uncertain and will continue to depend on developments such as the impact of these challenges on our customers, vendors, distributors, and resellers, such as the supply chain disruption and resulting inflationary pressures and global labor shortage that we have seen recently, material scarcity, as well as other factors; actions taken by governments, businesses, and consumers in response to these challenges; speed and timing of economic recovery, including in specific geographies; our billings and renewal rates, including new business close rates, rate of multi-year contracts, pace of closing larger transactions, and new unit volume growth; wars and armed conflicts, including the ongoing wars between Ukraine and Russia and conflicts in the Middle East; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; and the effect of these challenges on margins and cash flow. All of these factors continue to evolve and remain uncertain at this time, and some of these factors are not within our control. If economic growth in countries where we do business slows or if such countries experience further economic recessions, customers may delay or reduce technology purchases. Our customers include government entities, including the U.S. federal government, and if spending cuts impede the ability of governments to purchase our products and services, our revenue could decline. In addition, a number of our customers rely, directly and indirectly, on government spending. As described elsewhere in these risk factors, we are dependent on international revenue and operations and are subject to related risks of conducting business globally. Trends toward nationalism and protectionism, including imposition of tariffs and related trade wars, and the weakening or dissolution of international trade pacts may increase the cost of, or otherwise interfere with, conducting business. These trends have increased political and economic unpredictability globally and may increase the volatility of global financial markets, and the impact of such developments on the global economy remains uncertain. Political instability or adverse political developments in any of the countries in which we do business could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. A financial sector credit crisis could impair credit availability and the financial stability of our customers, including our distribution partners and channels. A disruption in the financial markets may also have an effect on our derivative counter-parties and could also impair our banking partners, on which we rely for operating cash management. War, geopolitical conflicts, and any related political or economic responses and counter-responses or otherwise by various global actors or the general effect on the global economy, could also affect our business. Any of these events could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our business could be adversely impacted by the costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments. We regularly acquire or invest in businesses, software solutions, and technologies that are complementary to our business through acquisitions, strategic alliances, or equity or debt investments, including several transactions in fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2026. The risks associated with such acquisitions include the difficulty of integrating solutions, operations, and personnel; inheriting liabilities such as intellectual property infringement claims; failure to realize anticipated revenue and cost projections and expected synergies; the requirement to test and assimilate the internal control processes of the acquired business in accordance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and diversion of management's time and attention. In addition, such acquisitions and investments involve other risks such as: the inability to retain customers, key employees, vendors, distributors, business partners, and other entities associated with the acquired business; the potential that due diligence of the acquired business or solution does not identify significant problems; exposure to litigation or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims or litigation risk as a result of, an acquisition, including claims from terminated employees, customers, or other third parties; the potential for incompatible business cultures; significantly higher than anticipated transaction or integration-related costs; the potential that acquired businesses or businesses that we invest in may not have adequate controls, processes, and procedures to ensure compliance with laws and regulations, including with respect to data privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity, as well as anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, export controls, sanctions and industry-specific-regulation; potential additional exposure to economic, tax, currency, political, legal, and regulatory risks and liabilities, including risks associated with specific countries; and the potential impact on relationships with existing customers, vendors, and distributors as business partners as a result of acquiring another business. We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business. In addition, if we do not complete an announced acquisition transaction or integrate an acquired business successfully and in a timely manner, we may not realize the benefits of the acquisition to the extent anticipated. Acquisitions and 18 Table of Contents investments have in the past and may in the future contribute to fluctuations in our quarterly financial results. These fluctuations could arise from transaction-related costs and charges associated with eliminating redundant expenses or write-offs of impaired assets recorded in connection with acquisitions and investments, and could negatively impact our financial results. We are dependent on international revenue and operations, exposing us to significant international regulatory, economic, intellectual property, collections, currency exchange rate, taxation, political, and other risks, which could adversely impact our financial results. International net revenue represented 64% of our net revenue for both fiscal 2026 and 2025. Our international revenue, some of which comes from emerging economies, is subject to economic and political conditions in foreign markets, including those resulting from economic and political conditions in the United States. Our total revenue is also impacted by the relative geographical and country mix of our revenue over time. Our dependency on international revenue makes us much more exposed to global economic and political trends, which can negatively impact our financial results even if our results in the United States are strong for a particular period. We anticipate that our international operations will continue to account for a significant portion of our net revenue and, as we expand our international development, sales, and marketing expertise, will provide significant support to our overall efforts in countries outside of the United States. Risks inherent in our international operations include: economic volatility; tariffs, quotas, and other trade barriers and restrictions, geopolitical conflicts, and any political or economic responses and counter-responses thereto by various global actors; fluctuating currency exchange rates, including devaluations, currency controls, and inflation, and risks related to any hedging activities we undertake; changes in regulatory requirements and practices; delays resulting from difficulty in obtaining export licenses for certain technology; different purchase patterns as compared to the developed world; operating in locations with a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices, particularly in emerging economies; compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and other anti-corruption laws; difficulties in staffing and managing foreign sales and development operations; local competition; longer collection cycles for accounts receivable; U.S. and foreign tax law changes and the complexities of tax reporting; laws regarding the free flow of data across international borders and management of and access to data and public networks; possible future limitations upon foreign-owned businesses; increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; inadequate local infrastructure; greater difficulty in protecting intellectual property; software piracy; and other factors beyond our control, including popular uprisings, terrorism, war (including any related political or economic responses and counter-responses or otherwise by various global actors or the general effect on the global economy), natural disasters, and diseases and pandemics. Some of our business partners also have international operations and are subject to the risks described above. In addition, in recent years, the United States has instituted or proposed changes to foreign trade policy, including the negotiation or termination of trade agreements, the imposition of new or increased tariffs on products imported from certain countries; economic sanctions on individuals, corporations, or countries; and other government regulations affecting trade between the United States and other countries in which we do business. For example, the United States and other global actors have continued to increase sanctions and export restrictions as a result of the war against Ukraine launched by Russia, the geopolitical landscape with respect to China, ongoing conflicts in the Middle East, and other risks. Additionally, recent executive actions and executive branch policies in the United States, such as those communicated in a February 2025 memorandum regarding a change in U.S. policy with respect to the negotiation and imposition of digital services taxes and 19 Table of Contents regulations by other countries, suggest a broader purview for changes in U.S. trade policy as a component of U.S. foreign policy. For example, since March 2025 the United States has imposed additional Section 232 tariffs on various commodities, including steel, aluminum, passenger vehicles and trucks (and components for such vehicles), and other industry-specific targets. Between February 2025 and February 2026, the United States placed additional fentanyl-related tariffs on most goods from China, Canada and Mexico (with an exception for goods that qualify for duty-free treatment under the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement); and between April 2025 and February 2026 placed additional reciprocal tariffs on most imports from U.S. trading partners other than Canada, Mexico, Russia, Belarus, Cuba, and North Korea. These additional U.S. tariffs were implemented under authorities asserted in the International Emergency Economic Powers Act ( IEEPA ) and rescinded on February 24, 2026, following a Supreme Court decision invalidating the use of IEEPA to authorize these tariffs. The availability, timing, and amount of any related refunds associated with payments of these duties remain uncertain and subject to further legal, regulatory, and administrative action. Beginning February 24, 2026, the U.S. government implemented a new, global temporary import surcharge of 10% on many of the same products affected by the prior reciprocal tariffs, under authorities provided for in Section 122 of the Trade Act of 1974, supplementing existing non-IEEPA measures. Additional trade-related investigations by the U.S. government are in progress and could result in the imposition of additional tariffs. There is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and its trading partners with respect to trade policies, tariffs, taxes, and similar policies affecting cross-border operations. These new or increased tariffs and other changes in U.S. trade policy, including new sanctions and increased export restrictions, have triggered and could continue to trigger retaliatory actions by affected countries, including Canada, China, Russia, and others, that have instituted, considered, or are considering imposing new or increased tariffs, export controls, and other trade sanctions targeting certain U.S. persons or U.S.-manufactured goods. These retaliatory measures could include responses such as the imposition of new or increased digital services taxes. The escalation of protectionist or retaliatory trade measures in either the United States or any other countries in which we do business, such as additional sanctions, a change in tariff structures, increased export controls, or other trade policies, may increase the cost of, or otherwise interfere with, the conduct of our business, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operations, and business outlook. Even if we are able to successfully manage the risks of international operations, our business may be adversely affected if our business partners are not able to successfully manage these risks. We may not be able to predict subscription renewal rates and their impact on our future revenue and operating results. We are dependent on attracting new customers as well as renewing and expanding our business with existing customers. Our customers are not obligated to renew their subscriptions for our offerings, and they may elect not to renew, upgrade, or expand their subscriptions. We cannot assure renewal rates or the mix of subscriptions renewals. Customer renewal rates may decline or fluctuate due to a number of factors, including offering pricing; competitive offerings; customer satisfaction; and reductions in customer spending levels, customer activity, or number of users due to economic downturns or financial markets uncertainty. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions or if they renew on less favorable terms, our revenues may decline. In addition, we generally recognize subscription revenue over the term of the respective contracts, which typically range from 1-year to 3-years. As a result, most of the revenue we report in each quarter is the result of subscriptions entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any one quarter may not be reflected in our revenue results for that quarter but will negatively impact our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our services, and changes in our attrition rate, may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. Our financial results, key metrics, and other operating metrics fluctuate within each quarter and from quarter to quarter, making our future revenue and financial results difficult to predict. Our quarterly financial results, key metrics, and other operating metrics have fluctuated in the past and will continue to do so in the future. These fluctuations have in the past caused and could in the future cause our stock price to change significantly or experience declines. We also provide investors with quarterly and annual financial forward-looking guidance that could prove to be inaccurate as a result of these fluctuations. In addition to the other risks described in these risk factors, some of the factors that have in the past caused and could in the future cause our financial results, key metrics, and other operating metrics to fluctuate include: general market, economic, business, and political conditions in Europe and APAC including from an economic downturn or recession in the United States or other countries, as well as economic and regulatory uncertainty; failure to produce sufficient revenue, billings, subscription, profitability, and cash flow growth; 20 Table of Contents failure to accurately predict the impact of acquired businesses or to identify and realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, and successfully integrate such acquired businesses and technologies; shift to named-user plans and annual billing of multi-year contracts, which impacted the timing of our billings and cash collections in fiscal year 2024, 2025 and 2026 and which is expected to continue into fiscal year 2027; our ability to successfully introduce and expand new transaction models such as Flex; potential goodwill impairment charges related to prior acquisitions; failure to manage spend; changes in billings linearity; changes in subscription mix, pricing pressure, or changes in subscription pricing; weak or negative growth in one or more of the industries we serve, including AECO, manufacturing, and digital media and entertainment markets; the success of new business or sales initiatives; security breaches, related reputational harm, and potential financial penalties to customers and government entities; restructuring or other accounting charges and unexpected costs or other operating expenses; timing of additional investments in our technologies or deployment of our services; changes in revenue recognition or other accounting guidelines employed by us and/or established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, Securities and Exchange Commission, or other rulemaking bodies; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and the effectiveness of our hedging activity; dependence on and timing of large transactions; adjustments arising from ongoing or future tax examinations; the ability of governments around the world to adopt fiscal policies, meet their financial and debt obligations, and finance infrastructure projects; failure to expand our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT customer base to related design products and services; our ability to rapidly adapt to technological and customer preference changes, including those related to cloud computing, mobile devices, and new computing platforms; timing of the introduction of new products by us or our competitors; the financial and business condition of our reseller and distribution channels; perceived or actual technical or other problems with a product or combination of subscriptions; unexpected or negative outcomes of matters and expenses relating to litigation or regulatory inquiries; increases in cloud functionality-related expenses; timing of releases and retirements of offerings; changes in tax laws or tax or accounting rules and regulations, such as increased use of fair value measures; changes in sales compensation practices; failure to effectively implement and maintain our copyright legalization programs, especially in developing countries; renegotiation or termination of royalty or intellectual property arrangements; interruptions or terminations in the business of our consultants or third-party developers; timing and degree of expected investments in growth and efficiency opportunities; failure to achieve continued success in technology advancements; catastrophic events, natural disasters, or public health events, such as pandemics and epidemics; regulatory compliance costs; and failure to appropriately estimate the scope of services under consulting arrangements. We have also experienced fluctuations in financial results in interim periods in certain geographic regions due to seasonality or regional economic or political conditions. In particular, our financial results, key metrics, or other operating metrics in Europe during our third quarter are usually affected by a slower summer period, and our APAC operations typically experience seasonal slowing in our fourth quarter. War, geopolitical conflicts, and any related political or economic responses and counter-responses or otherwise by various global actors or the general effect on the global economy, could also affect our business. 21 Table of Contents Our operating expenses are based in part on our expectations for future revenue and are relatively fixed in the short term. Accordingly, any revenue shortfall below expectations has had, and in the future could have, an immediate and significant adverse effect on our profitability. Greater than anticipated expenses or a failure to maintain rigorous cost controls would also negatively affect profitability. We derive a substantial portion of our net revenue from a small number of solutions, including our AutoCAD-based software products and collections, and if these offerings are not successful, our revenue would be adversely affected. We derive a substantial portion of our net revenue from sales of subscriptions of a limited number of our offerings, including AutoCAD software, solutions based on AutoCAD, which include our collections that serve specific markets, and products that are interoperable with AutoCAD. Any factor adversely affecting sales of these subscriptions, including the product release cycle, market acceptance, product competition, performance and reliability, reputation, price competition, economic and market conditions, and the availability of third-party applications, would likely harm our financial results. During fiscal 2026 and 2025, combined revenue from our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT family products, not including collections having AutoCAD or AutoCAD LT as a component, represented 25% and 26% of our total net revenue, respectively. From time to time we realign or introduce new business and sales initiatives; if we fail to successfully execute and manage these initiatives, our results of operations could be negatively impacted. As part of our effort to accommodate our customers needs and demands and the rapid evolution of technology, from time to time we evolve our business and sales initiatives, such as shifting to annual billing of multi-year contracts, introducing and expanding new business models such as the new transaction model and Flex, realigning our development and marketing organizations, offering software as a service, and realigning our internal resources in an effort to improve efficiency. We may take such actions without clear indications that they will prove successful and, at times, we have been met with short-term challenges in the execution of such initiatives. Market acceptance of any new business or sales initiative is dependent on our ability to match our customers needs at the right time and price. Often, we have limited prior experience and operating history in these new areas of emphasis. If any of our assumptions about expenses, revenue, or revenue recognition principles from these initiatives proves incorrect, or our attempts to improve efficiency are not successful, our actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, and our financial results will be negatively impacted. We may not successfully execute or achieve the expected benefits of our restructuring plan and other measures we may take in the future, and our efforts may adversely affect our business. During the first quarter of fiscal 2026, we initiated a restructuring plan (the 2026 Plan ), to support Autodesk's initiatives to optimize its go-to-market organization and, at the same time, to reallocate resources to Autodesk s strategic priorities such as investments in cloud, platform, and artificial intelligence. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2026, we initiated another restructuring plan (the "January 2026 Plan") that marks the final phase of our sales and marketing optimization program. These measures are intended to address our short and long-term objectives and are based on our current estimates, assumptions, and forecasts, which are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Implementation of these and any other initiatives may not achieve our expected benefits, may be disruptive to our business, the expected costs and charges may be greater than we have forecasted, and the estimated cost savings may be lower than we have forecasted. In addition, our 2026 Plan and January 2026 Plan could result in personnel attrition beyond our planned reduction in headcount or could reduce employee morale, which could in turn adversely impact productivity, including through a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge and/or inefficiency during transitional periods, could affect our ability to attract highly skilled employees, or may otherwise adversely affect our business. Net revenue, billings, earnings, cash flow, or subscriptions shortfalls or volatility of the market generally may cause the market price of our stock to decline. The market price for our common stock has experienced significant fluctuations and may continue to fluctuate significantly. The market price for our common stock has in the past been, and in the future may be, affected by a number of factors, including the other risks described in these risk factors and the following: shortfalls in our expected financial results, including net revenue, billings, earnings, and cash flow or key performance metrics, such as subscriptions, and how those results compare to securities analyst expectations, including whether those results fail to meet, exceed, or significantly exceed securities analyst expectations; quarterly variations in our or our competitors results of operations; 22 Table of Contents general socioeconomic, political, or market conditions, including from an economic downturn or recession in the United States or in other countries, as well as economic and regulatory uncertainty; changes in forward-looking estimates of future results, how those estimates compare to securities analyst expectations, or changes in recommendations or confusion on the part of analysts and investors about the short- and long-term impact to our business; uncertainty about certain governments abilities to repay debt or effect fiscal policy; announcements of new offerings or enhancements by us or our competitors as well as market perception of disruptive technologies such as machine learning and other AI technologies; unusual events such as significant acquisitions, divestitures, regulatory actions, and litigation; changes in laws, rules, or regulations applicable to our business; outstanding debt service obligations; actions by activist shareholders or others, and our response to such actions; and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance, such as instability affecting the economy or the operating performance of our competitors. Significant changes in the price of our common stock could expose us to costly and time-consuming litigation. Historically, after periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, a company becomes more susceptible to securities class action litigation. This type of litigation is often expensive and diverts management s attention and resources. As a result of our strategy of partnering with other companies for product development, our product delivery schedules could be adversely affected if we experience difficulties with our product development partners. We partner with certain independent firms and contractors to perform some of our product development activities. We believe our partnering strategy allows us to achieve efficiencies in developing new products and maintaining and enhancing existing product offerings. This strategy creates a dependency on independent developers. Independent developers, including those who currently develop solutions for us in the United States and throughout the world, may not be able or willing to provide development support to us in the future. In addition, use of development resources through consulting relationships, particularly in non-U.S. jurisdictions with developing legal systems, may be adversely impacted by, and expose us to risks relating to, evolving employment, export, and intellectual property laws. These risks could, among other things, expose our intellectual property to misappropriation and result in disruptions to product delivery schedules. We incorporate AI into our offerings, and challenges with properly managing its use could result in competitive harm, reputational harm, or liability, and adversely affect our results of operations. We are increasingly building AI into many of our offerings. We expect to rely on AI technologies to help drive future growth in our business, but there can be no assurance that we will realize the desired or anticipated benefits from AI or at all. We may also fail to properly implement or market our AI offerings. As with many innovations, AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI into their products more quickly or more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, our offerings based on or otherwise leveraging AI may expose us to additional lawsuits and regulatory investigations and other proceedings and subject us to legal liability as well as brand and reputational harm. For example, if the content, analyses, or recommendations that AI applications assist in producing are or are alleged to be deficient, inaccurate, or biased, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. The use of AI applications has resulted in, and may in the future result in, cybersecurity incidents that implicate the personal data of end users of such applications. Any such cybersecurity incidents related to our use of AI applications could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. Social and ethical issues relating to the use of new and evolving technologies such as AI in our offerings, may result in reputational harm and liability, and may cause us to incur additional research and development costs to resolve such issues. AI presents emerging ethical issues and if we enable or offer solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on society, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, or legal liability. Government regulation addressing AI ethics, transparency requirements, or other aspects of the development, or use, or deployment of AI may also increase the burden and cost of research, development, and other activities, which may increase our costs, limit our ability to leverage AI, and subject us to brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, or legal liability. For example, the European Union s Artificial Intelligence Act (the AI Act ), which achieved approval by the European Council on February 2, 2024, and 23 Table of Contents the European Parliament on March 13, 2024, imposes obligations on providers and users of AI technologies. Some U.S. states have proposed, and in certain cases enacted, laws addressing aspects of the development and use of AI. Failure to address AI ethical and regulatory issues by us or others in our industry could undermine public confidence in AI, slow adoption of AI in our products and services, and subject us to claims, demands, and proceedings from private actors, regulatory investigations and other proceedings by regulatory authorities, and fines, penalties, and other liabilities. The Audit Committee internal investigation has been time-consuming and expensive, has resulted in the filing of lawsuits, and may result in additional expense and/or litigation. As previously disclosed on April 1, 2024, the Audit Committee commenced an internal investigation with the assistance of outside counsel and advisors, regarding Autodesk s free cash flow and non-GAAP operating margin practices. The results of that investigation were announced on May 31, 2024. We have incurred significant expenses, including audit, legal, consulting and other professional fees, in connection with the investigation, and we could be forced to incur significant additional time and expense as a result of the investigation. The incurrence of significant additional expense, or the requirement that management devote significant time that could reduce the time available to execute on our business strategies, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Autodesk voluntarily contacted the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) to advise it that an internal investigation was ongoing. In addition, the United States Attorney s Office for the Northern District of California ( USAO ) contacted us regarding the Audit Committee investigation. We cooperated with the SEC and USAO, including by providing certain documents and information. On August 19, 2025, the SEC notified us that it was closing its matter. On August 21, 2025, the USAO notified us that it was closing its matter as well. We cannot guarantee that we will not receive inquiries from other regulatory authorities regarding the investigation, or that we will not be subject to future claims, investigations or proceedings. Any future inquirie