=== UPS_2026-02-17.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this report. Multiemployer Benefit Plans We contribute to a number of multiemployer pension and health and welfare plans under the terms of collective bargaining agreements that cover our union-represented employees. These agreements set forth the annual contribution rate increases for the plans that we participate in. New Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted Accounting Standards See note 1 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently adopted accounting standards. Accounting Standards Issued But Not Yet Effective See note 1 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of accounting standards issued, but not yet effective. 47 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Critical Accounting Estimates The amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses reported in our financial statements are affected by estimates and judgments that are necessary to comply with GAAP, including fair value measurements. We develop our estimates and judgments based on prior experience, current trends, and various other assumptions. For estimates that involve fair value measurements, we consider the fair value hierarchy under ASC Topic 820. We also engage outside specialists as necessary to assist us in development our estimates. Actual results could differ materially from our estimates, which would affect the related amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. While estimates and judgments are applied in arriving at many reported amounts, we believe that the following areas involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity and represent critical accounting estimates. Contingencies From time to time, we are involved in various judicial proceedings and other matters arising from the conduct of our business that result in exposure to various contingent liabilities. Events that may result in contingent liabilities are often unique and generally are not predictable, including general commercial matters, governmental actions, employment-related claims, and other contractual disputes. At the time a contingency is identified, we consider all relevant facts as part of our evaluation. We apply judgment when establishing a range of reasonably possible losses arising from contingencies. Our judgment is influenced by our understanding of currently available information and potential outcomes of these matters, including the advice from our internal counsel, external counsel and other senior management. We accrue amounts associated with judicial proceedings and other contingencies when and to the extent a loss becomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. For such matters, we record the amount we consider to be the best estimate within a range of potential losses; however, when there appears to be a range of equally possible losses, our accrual is at the low end of this range. The likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a reasonable estimate of the loss or a range of potential losses may not be practicable based on the information available. Additionally, events may arise that were not anticipated and, as a result, the outcome of a contingency may result in a loss that differs materially from our previously estimated liability. Except as disclosed in note 10 to the audited, consolidated financial statements, contingent losses that were probable and estimable were not material to our financial position or results of operations as of, or for the year ended, December 31, 2025. In addition, we have certain contingent liabilities that have not been recognized as of, or for the year ended, December 31, 2025, because a loss was not reasonably estimable. Contingent obligations relating to income taxes and self-insurance are discussed separately below. Goodwill and Intangible Asset Impairments We test goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually as of July 1, or more frequently if circumstances require. We assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. To determine whether goodwill is impaired, we are required to assess the fair value of each reporting unit and compare it to its carrying value. The determination of reporting units requires judgment, and if we changed the definition of our reporting units, it is possible that we would have reached different conclusions when performing our impairment tests. Changes in our management structure or business acquisitions may result in changes to our reporting units. We initially evaluate qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative assessment is not conclusive, or at our election, we quantitatively assess the fair value of a reporting unit to test goodwill for impairment. This assessment uses a combination of income and market approaches to develop an estimate of reporting unit fair value. The income and market approaches consider both entity-specific and observable market information under the fair value hierarchy in ASC Topic 820 and changes in, or additions to, available information may affect the assumptions we use in estimating fair value. The income approach uses a discounted cash flow ( DCF ) model, which requires us to make a number of significant assumptions to produce an estimate of future cash flows. These assumptions include projections of future revenue, costs, capital expenditures, working capital, long-term growth rates and the discount rate. During periods in which macroeconomic conditions are uncertain or volatile, these assumptions are subject to a greater degree of uncertainty. We are also required to make assumptions relating to our overall business and operating strategy, and the regulatory and market environment. Changes in any of our assumptions could significantly impact the fair value of one or more of our reporting units. The projections that we use in our DCF model are updated annually, or more often if necessary, 48 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS and change over time based on the historical performance and changing business conditions and strategy for each of our reporting units. The market approach uses observable market data of comparable public companies to estimate fair value utilizing financial metrics (such as enterprise value to net sales). We apply judgment to select appropriate comparison companies based on the business operations, size and operating results of our reporting units. Changes to our selection of comparable companies or market multiples may result in changes to the estimates of fair value of our reporting units. In 2025, we performed our annual goodwill impairment testing using both qualitative and quantitative methods. As of our July 1 testing date, we concluded the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. As of our July 1, 2025 testing date, approximately $877 million and $738 million of our $4.8 billion consolidated goodwill balance was represented by our Global Freight Forwarding ("GFF") and Healthcare Logistics and Distribution ("HLD") reporting units, respectively. Based on our annual impairment evaluation, both reporting units exhibited a limited excess of fair value above carrying value and reflect a greater risk of an impairment occurring in future periods. This limited excess was primarily driven by then-current market conditions, volatility in global markets, early stages of our current healthcare growth strategy and ongoing integration of recent acquisitions. Both our GFF and HLD reporting units are included in SCS. In addition to forecasted and actual business performance, our valuation estimates are most sensitive to changes in discount rate. For the GFF and HLD reporting units, if the discount rates were increased by 100 basis points or our projected cash flows were reduced by 10 percent, it is reasonably possible that these reporting units would be impaired. We believe the fair values of these reporting units continue to exceed their respective carrying values. For each of our reporting units, we continue to monitor the impact of macroeconomic conditions and business performance on our estimates of fair value. Subsequent to our annual testing date, the GFF reporting unit continued to face volatile market conditions and management updated its long-term projections for the mix and timing of revenue growth. We concluded that the change in projections triggered the need for an interim quantitative test for goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter of 2025. The interim impairment test methodology was consistent with our approach for annual impairment testing, using our current view of key inputs and assumptions. The interim impairment test indicated that the GFF reporting unit continues to have a limited excess of fair value over carrying value consistent with the last annual test, and no impairment was recorded. No other reporting units had indications that an impairment was more likely than not. Actual reporting unit performance, revisions to our forecasts of future performance, market factors, changes in global trade policy, changes in estimates or assumptions in future impairment testing, or a combination thereof could result in a non-cash impairment charge in one or more of our reporting units during a future period. In the course of our ongoing monitoring of reporting units, we also noted developments within our Mail Innovations reporting unit. Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, Mail Innovations experienced cost increases in excess of our expectations due to increases in purchased transportation rates, resulting from the expiration of a contract with our primary vendor. In December 2025, we entered into an agreement with the USPS to support final-mile delivery for Mail Innovations volumes starting in 2026. This agreement is expected to reduce exposure to purchased transportation cost volatility and enhance the predictability of future operating results, mitigating the cost-related risk identified earlier in the year. As of our July 1, 2025 testing date, approximately $295 million in goodwill was represented by our Mail Innovations reporting unit, which is included in SCS. Our finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. These assets are tested for impairment as part of asset groups that may include other long-lived assets. See "Critical Accounting Estimates Depreciation, Residual Value and Impairment of Property, Plant and Equipment" for a discussion of estimates impacting asset groups. In addition, a reduction in expected useful life, or a decision to sell or abandon an intangible asset before the end of its useful life, may increase amortization expense, which could have a material impact on our results of operations. 49 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Self-Insurance Accruals We establish self insurance reserves based on actuarial estimates developed with the assistance of an independent actuary. These estimates are derived through a complex process that applies various actuarial methods and assumptions, incorporating actual loss experience, and judgments regarding expected future developments based on historical experience. Key considerations include trends in claim frequency and severity, changes in risk retention levels, and modifications to claims handling practices, among other factors. Workers compensation, automobile liability, and general liability claims often take years to resolve. As a result, actuarial estimates are necessary to project the ultimate cost of claim resolution. Several factors may influence the actual cost, or severity, of a claim, including: Risk retention limits; Duration of the claim; Healthcare and litigation cost trends; Outcomes of related litigation; and Legislative changes. Furthermore, claims may emerge in future years for events that occurred in a prior policy period at a rate that differs from actuarial projections. All these factors can result in revisions to actuarial projections and produce a material difference between estimated and actual operating results. Due to the complexity and inherent uncertainty associated with the estimation of our workers compensation, automobile and general claims liabilities, the third-party actuary develops a range of expected losses. We believe our estimated reserves for such claims are adequate; however, actual experience in claims frequency and/or severity of claims could materially differ from our estimates and affect our results of operations. We also sponsor several health and welfare insurance plans for our employees. Liabilities and expenses related to these plans are based on estimates of the number of employees and eligible dependents covered under the plans, global health events, anticipated utilization by participants and overall trends in medical costs and inflation. We believe our estimates are reasonable and appropriate. Actual experience may differ materially from these estimates and, therefore, produce a material difference between estimated and actual operating results. Self-insurance reserves as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows (in millions): 2025 2024 Current self-insurance reserves $ 1,137 $ 1,086 Non-current self-insurance reserves (1) 1,935 1,895 Total self-insurance reserves $ 3,072 $ 2,981 (1) Included within Other Non-Current Liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Total reserves related to prior year claims increased by $11 million in 2025 and decreased by $144 million in 2024 as a result of changes in estimated claim costs. A five percent deterioration or improvement in both the assumed claim severity and claim frequency rates used to estimate our self-insurance reserves would result in an increase or decrease, respectively, of approximately $300 million in our reserves and expenses as of, and for the year ended, December 31, 2025. Income Taxes We make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense within our financial statements. These estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of income by legal entity and jurisdiction, tax credits, benefits and deductions, and in the calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from timing differences in the recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as tax, interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Significant changes in these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to our tax expense in a subsequent period. 50 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS We assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets. If recovery is not likely, we increase our provision for taxes by recording a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets that we estimate will not ultimately be recoverable. We believe that we will ultimately recover a substantial majority of the deferred tax assets recorded in our consolidated balance sheets. However, should there be a change in our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, our tax provision would increase in the period in which we determined that the recovery was not likely. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. We recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. Once it is determined that the position meets the recognition threshold, the second step requires us to estimate and measure the largest amount of tax benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement. The difference between the amount of recognizable tax benefit and the total amount of tax benefit from positions filed or to be filed with the tax authorities is recorded as a liability for uncertain tax benefits. It is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as we have to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. We reevaluate uncertain tax positions quarterly based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit and new audit activity. Such a change in recognition or measurement could result in the recognition of a tax benefit or additional tax expense. Pension and Other Postretirement Medical Benefits Our pension and postretirement medical benefit costs are calculated using various actuarial assumptions and methodologies. These assumptions include discount rates, healthcare cost trend rates, inflation, compensation increases, expected returns on plan assets, mortality rates, regulatory requirements and other factors. The assumptions utilized in recording the obligations under our plans represent our best estimates. We believe that they are reasonable based on historical experience and performance, as well as factors that might cause future expectations to differ from past trends. Differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may affect our pension and postretirement medical benefit obligations and future expenses. The primary factors contributing to actuarial gains and losses each year are: Changes in the discount rate used to value pension and postretirement medical benefit obligations as of the measurement date. Differences between expected and actual returns on plan assets. Changes in demographic assumptions, including mortality. Differences in participant experience from demographic assumptions. Changes in coordinating benefits with plans not sponsored by UPS. We recognize changes in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains or losses in excess of a corridor (defined as 10% of the greater of the fair value of plan assets or the plan's' projected benefit obligation) immediately within income upon remeasurement of a plan. Other components of pension expense (referred to as "net periodic benefit cost"), primarily service and interest costs and the expected return on plan assets, are reported on a quarterly basis. 51 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following sensitivity analysis shows the impact of a 25 basis point change in the assumed discount rate and return on assets for our pension and postretirement benefit plans, and the resulting increase (decrease) in our obligations and expense as of, and for the year ended, December 31, 2025 (in millions): Pension Plans 25 Basis Point Increase 25 Basis Point Decrease Discount Rate: Effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost $ (13) $ 14 Effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor (16) 323 Effect on projected benefit obligation (1,446) 1,523 Return on Assets: Effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost (1) (106) 106 Effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor (2) $ $ Postretirement Medical Benefit Plans Discount Rate: Effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost $ 2 $ (2) Effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor Effect on accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (31) 36 Healthcare Cost Trend Rate: Effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost 1 (1) Effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor Effect on accumulated postretirement benefit obligation $ 8 $ (9) (1) Amount calculated based on 25 basis point increase / decrease in the expected return on assets. (2) Amount calculated based on 25 basis point increase / decrease in the actual return on assets. Refer to note 5 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for information on our potential liability for coordinating benefits related to the Central States Pension Fund. Depreciation, Residual Value and Impairment of Property, Plant and Equipment As of December 31, 2025, we had $37.7 billion of net property, plant and equipment, the most significant category of which was aircraft. In accounting for property, plant and equipment, we make estimates of the expected useful lives and residual values to arrive at depreciation expense. We evaluate the useful lives of our property, plant and equipment based on our usage, maintenance and replacement policies, and taking into account physical and economic factors that may affect the useful lives of the assets. A reduction in expected useful life, or a decision to sell or abandon a long-lived asset before the end of its useful life, may increase depreciation expense. Our accounting policy for property, plant and equipment is set out in note 1 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. We monitor our long-lived asset groups for indicators of impairment which may include, but are not limited to, a significant change in the extent to which an asset is utilized and operating or cash flow losses associated with the asset group. If circumstances are present that indicate the carrying value of our long-lived asset groups may not be recoverable, we perform impairment testing at the asset group level. Asset groups represent the lowest level at which independent cash flows can be identified. Determining asset groups requires judgment and changes in the way asset groups are defined could have a material impact on the results of impairment testing. We evaluate long-lived assets within our global small package operations at a network level given the cash flows associated with individual assets therein are not independent. We perform recoverability testing by comparing the undiscounted cash flows of the asset group to its carrying value. If the carrying amount of the asset group is determined not to be recoverable, a write-down to fair value is recorded. Fair values are determined based on quoted market values, discounted cash flows or external appraisals, as appropriate. Details of long-lived asset impairments are included in note 4 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. 52 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS In estimating the useful lives and expected residual values of aircraft, which we evaluate at the network level, we consider actual experience with the same or similar aircraft types, multi-year volume projections for our air products and the types of aircraft required to efficiently operate our network. We routinely monitor the utilization of our assets and volume levels. Temporary fluctuations in volume have in the past and are expected to continue to result in the temporary idling of aircraft to better match our capacity with demand. Temporarily idled assets are classified as held and used, and we continue to record depreciation expense for these assets. As a result of the reduction in air volumes experienced during 2025, we temporarily idled eight aircraft for an average of approximately seven months. As of December 31, 2025, all of these aircraft had re-entered operational service. Based on current volume projections, we anticipate that certain aircraft may be temporarily idled during part of 2026 as part of our normal operations and will return to service. During the fourth quarter of 2025, we recognized a $182 million charge related to the retirement of our MD-11 fleet, primarily for aircraft and parts inventory. These charges are primarily within our U.S. Domestic Package segment and are recorded within Other expenses in our audited, statement of consolidated income. Impairment charges were immaterial during 2024. We will continue to monitor our long-lived asset groups for impairment. We continued our Network Reconfiguration and Efficiency Reimagined initiatives during 2025, which have led and will continue to lead to a consolidation of our facilities and workforce as well as an end-to-end process redesign. These actions have resulted in, and may continue to result in reductions to the expected useful lives of certain assets, including early retirement, and related increases in depreciation expense during future periods. In addition, revisions to the salvage values of aircraft and other assets have in the past and may in the future result in impairment charges or increased depreciation expense. We have identified specific assets affected by our Network Reconfiguration and Efficiency Reimagined initiatives during the year, and we anticipate continued impacts in 2026. These future impacts may also relate to specific assets that have not yet been identified. In addition to our Network Reconfiguration and Efficiency Reimagined initiatives, revisions to estimates of useful lives and residual values could also be caused by changes to our maintenance programs, governmental regulations, operational intentions, or market prices. We periodically evaluate our estimates and assumptions, and adjust them, as necessary, on a prospective basis through depreciation expense. Refer to note 4 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for further considerations. Fair Value Measurements In the normal course of business, we hold and issue financial instruments that contain elements of market risk, including derivatives, marketable securities and debt. Certain of these financial instruments are required to be recorded at fair value, principally derivatives, marketable securities and certain other investments. These financial instruments are measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis based upon a fair value hierarchy (Levels 1, 2 and 3). Fair values are based on listed market prices (Level 1), when such prices are available. To the extent that listed market prices are not available, fair value is determined based on other relevant factors, including dealer price quotations (Level 2). If listed market prices or other relevant factors are not available, inputs are developed from unobservable data reflecting our own assumptions and include situations where there is little or no market activity for the asset or liability (Level 3). Certain financial instruments, including over-the-counter derivative instruments, are valued using pricing models that consider, among other factors, contractual and market prices, correlations, time value, credit spreads and yield curve volatility factors. Changes in the fixed income, foreign currency exchange and commodity markets will impact our estimates of fair value in the future, potentially affecting our results of operations. Further information on our accounting policies relating to fair value measurements can be found in note 1 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2025, the majority of our financial instruments were categorized as either Level 1 or Level 2. Refer to notes 3, 9 and 17 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for further information on these instruments. A quantitative sensitivity analysis of our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates is presented in the Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures A bout Market Risk section of this report. Our pension and postretirement plan assets include investments in hedge funds, as well as private debt, private equity and real estate funds, which are primarily measured using net asset value ("NAV") as a practical expedient for fair value, as appropriate. These investments were valued at $10.0 billion as of December 31, 2025. In order to estimate NAV, we evaluate audited and unaudited financial reports from fund managers and make adjustments for investment activity between the date of the financial reports and December 31. These investments are not actively traded, and their values can only be estimated using these assumptions. If our estimates of activity changed, this could have a material impact on the reported value of these 53 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS investments and on the return on assets that we report. Refer to note 5 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for further information on our pension and postretirement plan assets. Certain non-financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, such as property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets. These assets are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence of an impairment or when an asset or disposal group is classified as held for sale. In accounting for business acquisitions, we allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. Estimating the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires judgment, especially with respect to identified intangible assets as there may be limited or no observable transactions within the market, requiring us to develop internal models to estimate fair value. For example, estimating the fair value of identified intangible assets may require us to develop valuation assumptions, including but not limited to, future expected cash flows from these assets, synergies and the discount rate. Certain inputs require us to determine assumptions that are reflective of a market participant view of fair