=== UPS_2026-02-17.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this report. Multiemployer Benefit Plans We contribute to a number of multiemployer pension and health and welfare plans under the terms of collective bargaining agreements that cover our union-represented employees. These agreements set forth the annual contribution rate increases for the plans that we participate in. New Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted Accounting Standards See note 1 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently adopted accounting standards. Accounting Standards Issued But Not Yet Effective See note 1 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of accounting standards issued, but not yet effective. 47 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Critical Accounting Estimates The amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses reported in our financial statements are affected by estimates and judgments that are necessary to comply with GAAP, including fair value measurements. We develop our estimates and judgments based on prior experience, current trends, and various other assumptions. For estimates that involve fair value measurements, we consider the fair value hierarchy under ASC Topic 820. We also engage outside specialists as necessary to assist us in development our estimates. Actual results could differ materially from our estimates, which would affect the related amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. While estimates and judgments are applied in arriving at many reported amounts, we believe that the following areas involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity and represent critical accounting estimates. Contingencies From time to time, we are involved in various judicial proceedings and other matters arising from the conduct of our business that result in exposure to various contingent liabilities. Events that may result in contingent liabilities are often unique and generally are not predictable, including general commercial matters, governmental actions, employment-related claims, and other contractual disputes. At the time a contingency is identified, we consider all relevant facts as part of our evaluation. We apply judgment when establishing a range of reasonably possible losses arising from contingencies. Our judgment is influenced by our understanding of currently available information and potential outcomes of these matters, including the advice from our internal counsel, external counsel and other senior management. We accrue amounts associated with judicial proceedings and other contingencies when and to the extent a loss becomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. For such matters, we record the amount we consider to be the best estimate within a range of potential losses; however, when there appears to be a range of equally possible losses, our accrual is at the low end of this range. The likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a reasonable estimate of the loss or a range of potential losses may not be practicable based on the information available. Additionally, events may arise that were not anticipated and, as a result, the outcome of a contingency may result in a loss that differs materially from our previously estimated liability. Except as disclosed in note 10 to the audited, consolidated financial statements, contingent losses that were probable and estimable were not material to our financial position or results of operations as of, or for the year ended, December 31, 2025. In addition, we have certain contingent liabilities that have not been recognized as of, or for the year ended, December 31, 2025, because a loss was not reasonably estimable. Contingent obligations relating to income taxes and self-insurance are discussed separately below. Goodwill and Intangible Asset Impairments We test goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually as of July 1, or more frequently if circumstances require. We assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. To determine whether goodwill is impaired, we are required to assess the fair value of each reporting unit and compare it to its carrying value. The determination of reporting units requires judgment, and if we changed the definition of our reporting units, it is possible that we would have reached different conclusions when performing our impairment tests. Changes in our management structure or business acquisitions may result in changes to our reporting units. We initially evaluate qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative assessment is not conclusive, or at our election, we quantitatively assess the fair value of a reporting unit to test goodwill for impairment. This assessment uses a combination of income and market approaches to develop an estimate of reporting unit fair value. The income and market approaches consider both entity-specific and observable market information under the fair value hierarchy in ASC Topic 820 and changes in, or additions to, available information may affect the assumptions we use in estimating fair value. The income approach uses a discounted cash flow ( DCF ) model, which requires us to make a number of significant assumptions to produce an estimate of future cash flows. These assumptions include projections of future revenue, costs, capital expenditures, working capital, long-term growth rates and the discount rate. During periods in which macroeconomic conditions are uncertain or volatile, these assumptions are subject to a greater degree of uncertainty. We are also required to make assumptions relating to our overall business and operating strategy, and the regulatory and market environment. Changes in any of our assumptions could significantly impact the fair value of one or more of our reporting units. The projections that we use in our DCF model are updated annually, or more often if necessary, 48 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS and change over time based on the historical performance and changing business conditions and strategy for each of our reporting units. The market approach uses observable market data of comparable public companies to estimate fair value utilizing financial metrics (such as enterprise value to net sales). We apply judgment to select appropriate comparison companies based on the business operations, size and operating results of our reporting units. Changes to our selection of comparable companies or market multiples may result in changes to the estimates of fair value of our reporting units. In 2025, we performed our annual goodwill impairment testing using both qualitative and quantitative methods. As of our July 1 testing date, we concluded the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. As of our July 1, 2025 testing date, approximately $877 million and $738 million of our $4.8 billion consolidated goodwill balance was represented by our Global Freight Forwarding ("GFF") and Healthcare Logistics and Distribution ("HLD") reporting units, respectively. Based on our annual impairment evaluation, both reporting units exhibited a limited excess of fair value above carrying value and reflect a greater risk of an impairment occurring in future periods. This limited excess was primarily driven by then-current market conditions, volatility in global markets, early stages of our current healthcare growth strategy and ongoing integration of recent acquisitions. Both our GFF and HLD reporting units are included in SCS. In addition to forecasted and actual business performance, our valuation estimates are most sensitive to changes in discount rate. For the GFF and HLD reporting units, if the discount rates were increased by 100 basis points or our projected cash flows were reduced by 10 percent, it is reasonably possible that these reporting units would be impaired. We believe the fair values of these reporting units continue to exceed their respective carrying values. For each of our reporting units, we continue to monitor the impact of macroeconomic conditions and business performance on our estimates of fair value. Subsequent to our annual testing date, the GFF reporting unit continued to face volatile market conditions and management updated its long-term projections for the mix and timing of revenue growth. We concluded that the change in projections triggered the need for an interim quantitative test for goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter of 2025. The interim impairment test methodology was consistent with our approach for annual impairment testing, using our current view of key inputs and assumptions. The interim impairment test indicated that the GFF reporting unit continues to have a limited excess of fair value over carrying value consistent with the last annual test, and no impairment was recorded. No other reporting units had indications that an impairment was more likely than not. Actual reporting unit performance, revisions to our forecasts of future performance, market factors, changes in global trade policy, changes in estimates or assumptions in future impairment testing, or a combination thereof could result in a non-cash impairment charge in one or more of our reporting units during a future period. In the course of our ongoing monitoring of reporting units, we also noted developments within our Mail Innovations reporting unit. Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, Mail Innovations experienced cost increases in excess of our expectations due to increases in purchased transportation rates, resulting from the expiration of a contract with our primary vendor. In December 2025, we entered into an agreement with the USPS to support final-mile delivery for Mail Innovations volumes starting in 2026. This agreement is expected to reduce exposure to purchased transportation cost volatility and enhance the predictability of future operating results, mitigating the cost-related risk identified earlier in the year. As of our July 1, 2025 testing date, approximately $295 million in goodwill was represented by our Mail Innovations reporting unit, which is included in SCS. Our finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. These assets are tested for impairment as part of asset groups that may include other long-lived assets. See "Critical Accounting Estimates Depreciation, Residual Value and Impairment of Property, Plant and Equipment" for a discussion of estimates impacting asset groups. In addition, a reduction in expected useful life, or a decision to sell or abandon an intangible asset before the end of its useful life, may increase amortization expense, which could have a material impact on our results of operations. 49 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Self-Insurance Accruals We establish self insurance reserves based on actuarial estimates developed with the assistance of an independent actuary. These estimates are derived through a complex process that applies various actuarial methods and assumptions, incorporating actual loss experience, and judgments regarding expected future developments based on historical experience. Key considerations include trends in claim frequency and severity, changes in risk retention levels, and modifications to claims handling practices, among other factors. Workers compensation, automobile liability, and general liability claims often take years to resolve. As a result, actuarial estimates are necessary to project the ultimate cost of claim resolution. Several factors may influence the actual cost, or severity, of a claim, including: Risk retention limits; Duration of the claim; Healthcare and litigation cost trends; Outcomes of related litigation; and Legislative changes. Furthermore, claims may emerge in future years for events that occurred in a prior policy period at a rate that differs from actuarial projections. All these factors can result in revisions to actuarial projections and produce a material difference between estimated and actual operating results. Due to the complexity and inherent uncertainty associated with the estimation of our workers compensation, automobile and general claims liabilities, the third-party actuary develops a range of expected losses. We believe our estimated reserves for such claims are adequate; however, actual experience in claims frequency and/or severity of claims could materially differ from our estimates and affect our results of operations. We also sponsor several health and welfare insurance plans for our employees. Liabilities and expenses related to these plans are based on estimates of the number of employees and eligible dependents covered under the plans, global health events, anticipated utilization by participants and overall trends in medical costs and inflation. We believe our estimates are reasonable and appropriate. Actual experience may differ materially from these estimates and, therefore, produce a material difference between estimated and actual operating results. Self-insurance reserves as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows (in millions): 2025 2024 Current self-insurance reserves $ 1,137 $ 1,086 Non-current self-insurance reserves (1) 1,935 1,895 Total self-insurance reserves $ 3,072 $ 2,981 (1) Included within Other Non-Current Liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Total reserves related to prior year claims increased by $11 million in 2025 and decreased by $144 million in 2024 as a result of changes in estimated claim costs. A five percent deterioration or improvement in both the assumed claim severity and claim frequency rates used to estimate our self-insurance reserves would result in an increase or decrease, respectively, of approximately $300 million in our reserves and expenses as of, and for the year ended, December 31, 2025. Income Taxes We make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense within our financial statements. These estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of income by legal entity and jurisdiction, tax credits, benefits and deductions, and in the calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from timing differences in the recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as tax, interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Significant changes in these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to our tax expense in a subsequent period. 50 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS We assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets. If recovery is not likely, we increase our provision for taxes by recording a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets that we estimate will not ultimately be recoverable. We believe that we will ultimately recover a substantial majority of the deferred tax assets recorded in our consolidated balance sheets. However, should there be a change in our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, our tax provision would increase in the period in which we determined that the recovery was not likely. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. We recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. Once it is determined that the position meets the recognition threshold, the second step requires us to estimate and measure the largest amount of tax benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement. The difference between the amount of recognizable tax benefit and the total amount of tax benefit from positions filed or to be filed with the tax authorities is recorded as a liability for uncertain tax benefits. It is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as we have to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. We reevaluate uncertain tax positions quarterly based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit and new audit activity. Such a change in recognition or measurement could result in the recognition of a tax benefit or additional tax expense. Pension and Other Postretirement Medical Benefits Our pension and postretirement medical benefit costs are calculated using various actuarial assumptions and methodologies. These assumptions include discount rates, healthcare cost trend rates, inflation, compensation increases, expected returns on plan assets, mortality rates, regulatory requirements and other factors. The assumptions utilized in recording the obligations under our plans represent our best estimates. We believe that they are reasonable based on historical experience and performance, as well as factors that might cause future expectations to differ from past trends. Differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may affect our pension and postretirement medical benefit obligations and future expenses. The primary factors contributing to actuarial gains and losses each year are: Changes in the discount rate used to value pension and postretirement medical benefit obligations as of the measurement date. Differences between expected and actual returns on plan assets. Changes in demographic assumptions, including mortality. Differences in participant experience from demographic assumptions. Changes in coordinating benefits with plans not sponsored by UPS. We recognize changes in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains or losses in excess of a corridor (defined as 10% of the greater of the fair value of plan assets or the plan's' projected benefit obligation) immediately within income upon remeasurement of a plan. Other components of pension expense (referred to as "net periodic benefit cost"), primarily service and interest costs and the expected return on plan assets, are reported on a quarterly basis. 51 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following sensitivity analysis shows the impact of a 25 basis point change in the assumed discount rate and return on assets for our pension and postretirement benefit plans, and the resulting increase (decrease) in our obligations and expense as of, and for the year ended, December 31, 2025 (in millions): Pension Plans 25 Basis Point Increase 25 Basis Point Decrease Discount Rate: Effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost $ (13) $ 14 Effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor (16) 323 Effect on projected benefit obligation (1,446) 1,523 Return on Assets: Effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost (1) (106) 106 Effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor (2) $ $ Postretirement Medical Benefit Plans Discount Rate: Effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost $ 2 $ (2) Effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor Effect on accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (31) 36 Healthcare Cost Trend Rate: Effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost 1 (1) Effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor Effect on accumulated postretirement benefit obligation $ 8 $ (9) (1) Amount calculated based on 25 basis point increase / decrease in the expected return on assets. (2) Amount calculated based on 25 basis point increase / decrease in the actual return on assets. Refer to note 5 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for information on our potential liability for coordinating benefits related to the Central States Pension Fund. Depreciation, Residual Value and Impairment of Property, Plant and Equipment As of December 31, 2025, we had $37.7 billion of net property, plant and equipment, the most significant category of which was aircraft. In accounting for property, plant and equipment, we make estimates of the expected useful lives and residual values to arrive at depreciation expense. We evaluate the useful lives of our property, plant and equipment based on our usage, maintenance and replacement policies, and taking into account physical and economic factors that may affect the useful lives of the assets. A reduction in expected useful life, or a decision to sell or abandon a long-lived asset before the end of its useful life, may increase depreciation expense. Our accounting policy for property, plant and equipment is set out in note 1 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. We monitor our long-lived asset groups for indicators of impairment which may include, but are not limited to, a significant change in the extent to which an asset is utilized and operating or cash flow losses associated with the asset group. If circumstances are present that indicate the carrying value of our long-lived asset groups may not be recoverable, we perform impairment testing at the asset group level. Asset groups represent the lowest level at which independent cash flows can be identified. Determining asset groups requires judgment and changes in the way asset groups are defined could have a material impact on the results of impairment testing. We evaluate long-lived assets within our global small package operations at a network level given the cash flows associated with individual assets therein are not independent. We perform recoverability testing by comparing the undiscounted cash flows of the asset group to its carrying value. If the carrying amount of the asset group is determined not to be recoverable, a write-down to fair value is recorded. Fair values are determined based on quoted market values, discounted cash flows or external appraisals, as appropriate. Details of long-lived asset impairments are included in note 4 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. 52 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS In estimating the useful lives and expected residual values of aircraft, which we evaluate at the network level, we consider actual experience with the same or similar aircraft types, multi-year volume projections for our air products and the types of aircraft required to efficiently operate our network. We routinely monitor the utilization of our assets and volume levels. Temporary fluctuations in volume have in the past and are expected to continue to result in the temporary idling of aircraft to better match our capacity with demand. Temporarily idled assets are classified as held and used, and we continue to record depreciation expense for these assets. As a result of the reduction in air volumes experienced during 2025, we temporarily idled eight aircraft for an average of approximately seven months. As of December 31, 2025, all of these aircraft had re-entered operational service. Based on current volume projections, we anticipate that certain aircraft may be temporarily idled during part of 2026 as part of our normal operations and will return to service. During the fourth quarter of 2025, we recognized a $182 million charge related to the retirement of our MD-11 fleet, primarily for aircraft and parts inventory. These charges are primarily within our U.S. Domestic Package segment and are recorded within Other expenses in our audited, statement of consolidated income. Impairment charges were immaterial during 2024. We will continue to monitor our long-lived asset groups for impairment. We continued our Network Reconfiguration and Efficiency Reimagined initiatives during 2025, which have led and will continue to lead to a consolidation of our facilities and workforce as well as an end-to-end process redesign. These actions have resulted in, and may continue to result in reductions to the expected useful lives of certain assets, including early retirement, and related increases in depreciation expense during future periods. In addition, revisions to the salvage values of aircraft and other assets have in the past and may in the future result in impairment charges or increased depreciation expense. We have identified specific assets affected by our Network Reconfiguration and Efficiency Reimagined initiatives during the year, and we anticipate continued impacts in 2026. These future impacts may also relate to specific assets that have not yet been identified. In addition to our Network Reconfiguration and Efficiency Reimagined initiatives, revisions to estimates of useful lives and residual values could also be caused by changes to our maintenance programs, governmental regulations, operational intentions, or market prices. We periodically evaluate our estimates and assumptions, and adjust them, as necessary, on a prospective basis through depreciation expense. Refer to note 4 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for further considerations. Fair Value Measurements In the normal course of business, we hold and issue financial instruments that contain elements of market risk, including derivatives, marketable securities and debt. Certain of these financial instruments are required to be recorded at fair value, principally derivatives, marketable securities and certain other investments. These financial instruments are measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis based upon a fair value hierarchy (Levels 1, 2 and 3). Fair values are based on listed market prices (Level 1), when such prices are available. To the extent that listed market prices are not available, fair value is determined based on other relevant factors, including dealer price quotations (Level 2). If listed market prices or other relevant factors are not available, inputs are developed from unobservable data reflecting our own assumptions and include situations where there is little or no market activity for the asset or liability (Level 3). Certain financial instruments, including over-the-counter derivative instruments, are valued using pricing models that consider, among other factors, contractual and market prices, correlations, time value, credit spreads and yield curve volatility factors. Changes in the fixed income, foreign currency exchange and commodity markets will impact our estimates of fair value in the future, potentially affecting our results of operations. Further information on our accounting policies relating to fair value measurements can be found in note 1 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2025, the majority of our financial instruments were categorized as either Level 1 or Level 2. Refer to notes 3, 9 and 17 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for further information on these instruments. A quantitative sensitivity analysis of our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates is presented in the Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures A bout Market Risk section of this report. Our pension and postretirement plan assets include investments in hedge funds, as well as private debt, private equity and real estate funds, which are primarily measured using net asset value ("NAV") as a practical expedient for fair value, as appropriate. These investments were valued at $10.0 billion as of December 31, 2025. In order to estimate NAV, we evaluate audited and unaudited financial reports from fund managers and make adjustments for investment activity between the date of the financial reports and December 31. These investments are not actively traded, and their values can only be estimated using these assumptions. If our estimates of activity changed, this could have a material impact on the reported value of these 53 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS investments and on the return on assets that we report. Refer to note 5 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for further information on our pension and postretirement plan assets. Certain non-financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, such as property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets. These assets are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence of an impairment or when an asset or disposal group is classified as held for sale. In accounting for business acquisitions, we allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. Estimating the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires judgment, especially with respect to identified intangible assets as there may be limited or no observable transactions within the market, requiring us to develop internal models to estimate fair value. For example, estimating the fair value of identified intangible assets may require us to develop valuation assumptions, including but not limited to, future expected cash flows from these assets, synergies and the discount rate. Certain inputs require us to determine assumptions that are reflective of a market participant view of fair value. Changes in any of these assumptions may materially impact the amount we recognize for identifiable assets and liabilities, in addition to the residual amount allocated to goodwill. 54 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are exposed to market risk from changes in certain commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices. All of these market risks arise in the normal course of business, as we do not engage in speculative trading activities. In order to manage the risk arising from these exposures, we may utilize a variety of commodity, foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate forward contracts, options and swaps. A discussion of our accounting policy for derivative instruments is provided in note 1 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. Commodity Price Risk We are exposed to changes in the prices of refined fuels, principally jet-A, diesel and unleaded gasoline, as well as changes in the price of natural gas and other alternative fuels. Currently, the fuel surcharges that we apply to our domestic and international package services are the primary means of reducing the risk of adverse fuel price changes. In order to mitigate the impact of fuel surcharges imposed on us by outside carriers, we regularly adjust the rates we charge for our freight brokerage services. The majority of our fuel purchases utilize index-based pricing formulas plus or minus a fixed locational/supplier differential. While many of the indices are correlated, each index may respond differently to changes in underlying prices, which in turn can drive variability in our costs. Because of this, our operating results may be affected should the market price of fuel suddenly change by a significant amount or change by amounts that do not result in an adjustment in our fuel surcharges, which can significantly affect our results either positively or negatively in the short-term. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, we had no commodity contracts outstanding. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk We have foreign currency exchange risks related to our revenue, operating expenses and financing transactions in currencies other than the local currencies in which we operate. We are exposed to currency risk from the potential changes in functional currency values of our foreign currency-denominated assets, liabilities and cash flows. Our most significant foreign currency exchange exposures relate to the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Chinese Renminbi and Hong Kong Dollar. We may use forward contracts as well as a combination of purchased and written options to hedge forecasted cash flow currency exposures. These derivative instruments generally cover forecasted foreign currency exchange exposures for periods of 3 to 36 months. We may also utilize forward contracts to hedge portions of our anticipated cash settlements of intercompany transactions and interest payments on certain debt subject to foreign currency remeasurement. Interest Rate Risk We have issued debt instruments and have debt associated with finance leases that accrue expense at fixed and floating rates of interest. We may use interest rate swaps as part of our program to manage the fixed and floating interest rate mix of our total debt portfolio and related overall cost of borrowing. We may also utilize forward starting swaps and similar instruments to lock in all or a portion of the borrowing cost of anticipated debt issuances. These instruments subject us to risk resulting from changes in short-term interest rates. We are also subject to interest rate risk with respect to our defined benefit pension and postretirement medical benefit plans, as changes in interest rates will effectively increase or decrease the associated plan obligations and assets. This will result in changes to the amount of pension and postretirement benefit expense recognized in future periods and may also result in us being required to make contributions to the plans. We may hold investments in debt securities, as well as cash-equivalent instruments, some of which accrue income at variable rates of interest. Sensitivity Analysis The following analysis provides quantitative information regarding our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk, and interest rate risk embedded in our existing financial instruments. We utilize valuation models to evaluate the sensitivity of the fair value of financial instruments with exposure to market risk that assume instantaneous, parallel shifts in exchange rates, interest rate yield curves and commodity prices. For options and instruments with non-linear returns, models appropriate to the instrument are utilized to determine the impact of market shifts. There are certain limitations inherent in the sensitivity analyses presented, primarily due to the assumption that foreign currency exchange rates change in a parallel fashion and that interest rates change instantaneously. In addition, the analyses are 55 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS unable to reflect the complex market reactions that normally would arise from the market shifts modeled. While this is our best estimate of the impact of the specified scenarios, these estimates should not be viewed as forecasts. We adjust the fixed and floating interest rate mix of our interest-rate-sensitive assets and liabilities in response to changes in market conditions. Additionally, changes in the fair value of foreign currency derivatives and commodity derivatives are offset by changes in the cash flows of the underlying hedged foreign currency and commodity transactions. The following table shows the shock-test results as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in millions): 2025 2024 Change in Fair Value: Currency Derivatives (1) $ (647) $ (749) Change in Annual Interest Expense: Variable-Rate Debt (2) $ 22 $ 21 (1) The potential change in fair value from a hypothetical 10% weakening of the U.S. Dollar against foreign currency exchange rates across all maturities. (2) The potential change in annual interest expense resulting from a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in short-term interest rates, applied to our variable-rate debt. The sensitivity of our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plan obligations to changes in interest rates is discussed in "Critical Accounting Estimates - Pension and Other Postretirement Medical Benefits". 56 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID N o. 34 ) 58 Consolidated Balance Sheets 61 Statements of Consolidated Income 62 Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) 62 Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows 63 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 64 Note 1 Summary of Accounting Policies 64 Note 2 Revenue Recognition 72 Note 3 Marketable Securities and Non-Current Investments 74 Note 4 Property, Plant and Equipment 76 Note 5 Company-Sponsored Employee Benefit Plans 77 Note 6 Multiemployer Employee Benefit Plans 87 Note 7 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 91 Note 8 Acquisitions and Dispositions 93 Note 9 Debt and Financing Arrangements 95 Note 10 Legal Proceedings and Contingencies 99 Note 11 Leases 101 Note 12 Shareowners Equity 103 Note 13 Stock-Based Compensation 107 Note 14 Segment and Geographic Information 110 Note 15 Income Taxes 113 Note 16 Earnings Per Share 118 Note 17 Derivative Instruments and Risk Management 119 Note 18 Transformation Strategy Costs 123 57 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareowners and Board of Directors of United Parcel Service, Inc. Atlanta, Georgia Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of United Parcel Service, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 17, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Goodwill Global Freight Forwarding and Healthcare Logistics Distribution Reporting Units Refer to Notes 1 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company tests goodwill for impairment annually as of July 1, or more frequently if circumstances require, by determining if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. For certain reporting units, the Company uses a combination of income and market approaches to develop an estimate of reporting unit fair value. The income approach uses a discounted cash flow model, which requires the Company to make a number of significant assumptions to produce an estimate of future cash flows. These assumptions include projections of future revenue, costs, capital expenditures, working capital, long-term growth rates and the discount rate. The market approach uses observable market data of comparable public companies to estimate fair value utilizing financial metrics (such as enterprise value to net sales). As of 58 the annual test date, the Company had recorded balances of goodwill of $877 million related to Global Freight Forwarding ("GFF") and $738 million related to Healthcare Logistics Distribution ("HLD") reporting units. The Company did not record any goodwill impairments during 2025. We identified the valuation of the GFF and HLD reporting units as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments required to estimate the fair value of the reporting units. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to the forecasts of future revenue and costs and the selection of the discount rate. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the forecasts of future revenue and costs, and the selection of the discount rate, used by management to estimate the fair value of the GFF and HLD reporting units included the following, among others: We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill impairment evaluation, including those over the determination of the fair value of the GFF and HLD reporting units, such as controls related to management s forecasts of revenue and costs and selection of the discount rate. We performed a sensitivity analysis of the forecasts of revenue and costs, including their impact on future cash flows, and the selected discount rate. We evaluated management's ability to accurately forecast by comparing actual results to management's historical forecasts. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts by comparing the forecasts to (1) historical results, (2) internal communications to management and the Board of Directors, and (3) forecasted information included in relevant industry reports. With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the selected discount rate, by: Testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rate and the mathematical accuracy of the calculation. Developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rate selected by management. Evaluating the forecasts to understand and sensitize management's assumptions regarding the risk inherent in the forecasts. Revenue Refer to Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description Approximately 88 percent of the Company s revenues are from its global small package operations that provide time-definite delivery services for express letters, documents, small packages and palletized freight via air and ground services. The Company s global small package revenues are comprised of a significant volume of low-dollar transactions sourced from systems that were primarily developed by the Company. The processing of transactions, including the recording of them, is highly automated and based on contractual terms with the Company s customers. Auditing global small package revenue required a significant extent of effort and the involvement of professionals with expertise in information technology ("IT") necessary for us to identify, test, and evaluate the Company s systems, software applications, and automated controls. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the Company s systems to process global small package revenue transactions included the following, among others: With the assistance of our IT specialists, we: 59 Identified the significant systems used to process global small package revenue transactions and tested the effectiveness of the general IT controls over each of these systems, including testing of user access controls, change management controls, and IT operations controls. Tested the effectiveness of system interface controls and automated controls within the global small package revenue stream, as well as the controls designed to ensure the accuracy and completeness of revenue. We tested the effectiveness of controls over the relevant global small package revenue business processes, including those in place to reconcile the various systems to the Company s general ledger. We performed analytical procedures to evaluate the Company s recorded revenue and evaluate trends. For a sample of customers, we read the Company s contract with the customer and evaluated the Company s pattern of revenue recognition for the customer. In addition, we evaluated the accuracy of the Company s recorded global small package revenue for a sample of customer invoices. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Atlanta, Georgia February 17, 2026 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1969. 60 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions) December 31, 2025 2024 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 5,887 $ 6,112 Accounts receivable, net 11,209 10,871 Other current assets 1,949 2,327 Total Current Assets 19,045 19,310 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net 37,731 37,179 Operating Lease Right-Of-Use Assets 4,263 4,149 Goodwill 5,837 4,300 Intangible Assets, Net 4,021 3,064 Deferred Income Tax Assets 140 112 Other Non-Current Assets 2,053 1,956 Total Assets $ 73,090 $ 70,070 LIABILITIES AND SHAREOWNERS EQUITY Current Liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt and finance leases $ 608 $ 1,838 Current maturities of operating leases 763 733 Accounts payable 6,633 6,302 Accrued wages and withholdings 3,715 3,655 Self-insurance reserves 1,137 1,086 Accrued group welfare and retirement plan contributions 1,389 1,390 Other current liabilities 1,375 1,437 Total Current Liabilities 15,620 16,441 Long-Term Debt and Finance Leases 23,519 19,446 Non-Current Operating Leases 3,700 3,635 Pension and Postretirement Benefit Obligations 6,567 6,859 Deferred Income Tax Liabilities 3,690 3,595 Other Non-Current Liabilities 3,739 3,351 Shareowners Equity: Class A common stock ( 106 and 121 shares issued in 2025 and 2024, respectively) 1 2 Class B common stock ( 743 and 733 shares issued in 2025 and 2024, respectively) 8 7 Additional paid-in capital 275 136 Retained earnings 20,151 20,882 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 4,208 ) ( 4,309 ) Deferred compensation obligations 5 7 Less: Treasury stock ( 0.1 shares in 2025 and 2024) ( 5 ) ( 7 ) Total Equity for Controlling Interests 16,227 16,718 Noncontrolling Interests 28 25 Total Shareowners Equity 16,255 16,743 Total Liabilities and Shareowners Equity $ 73,090 $ 70,070 See notes to audited, consolidated financial statements. 61 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED INCOME (In millions, except per share amounts) 2025 2024 2023 Revenue $ 88,661 $ 91,070 $ 90,958 Operating Expenses: Compensation and benefits 48,605 48,093 47,092 Repairs and maintenance 3,107 2,940 2,828 Depreciation and amortization 3,746 3,609 3,366 Purchased transportation 10,588 13,589 13,640 Fuel 4,316 4,366 4,775 Other occupancy 2,269 2,117 2,019 Other expenses 8,163 7,888 8,097 Total Operating Expenses 80,794 82,602 81,817 Operating Profit 7,867 8,468 9,141 Other Income and (Expense): Investment income (expense) and other 314 ( 160 ) 219 Interest expense ( 1,017 ) ( 866 ) ( 787 ) Total Other Income and (Expense) ( 703 ) ( 1,026 ) ( 568 ) Income Before Income Taxes 7,164 7,442 8,573 Income Tax Expense 1,592 1,660 1,865 Net Income $ 5,572 $ 5,782 $ 6,708 Basic Earnings Per Share $ 6.56 $ 6.76 $ 7.81 Diluted Earnings Per Share $ 6.56 $ 6.75 $ 7.80 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In millions) 2025 2024 2023 Net Income $ 5,572 $ 5,782 $ 6,708 Change in foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax 528 ( 338 ) 198 Change in unrealized gain on marketable securities, net of tax 1 1 9 Change in unrealized (loss) gain on cash flow hedges, net of tax ( 344 ) 167 ( 243 ) Change in unrecognized pension and postretirement benefit costs, net of tax ( 84 ) ( 381 ) ( 2,173 ) Comprehensive Income $ 5,673 $ 5,231 $ 4,499 See notes to audited, consolidated financial statements. 62 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS (In millions) 2025 2024 2023 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net income $ 5,572 $ 5,782 $ 6,708 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 3,746 3,609 3,366 Pension and postretirement benefit (income) expense 1,009 1,698 1,330 Pension and postretirement benefit contributions ( 1,361 ) ( 1,524 ) ( 1,393 ) Self-insurance reserves 236 44 57 Deferred tax (benefit) expense ( 8 ) ( 15 ) 199 Stock compensation expense 73 24 220 Other (gains) losses 113 262 265 Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of business acquisitions: Accounts receivable ( 382 ) ( 566 ) 1,256 Other assets 65 70 87 Accounts payable ( 190 ) 262 ( 1,377 ) Accrued wages and withholdings 27 501 ( 296 ) Other liabilities ( 517 ) ( 11 ) ( 42 ) Other operating activities 67 ( 14 ) ( 142 ) Net cash from operating activities 8,450 10,122 10,238 Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Capital expenditures ( 3,685 ) ( 3,909 ) ( 5,158 ) Proceeds from disposal of businesses, property, plant and equipment 700 1,115 193 Purchases of marketable securities ( 90 ) ( 76 ) ( 3,521 ) Sales and maturities of marketable securities 293 2,748 2,701 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ( 1,968 ) ( 71 ) ( 1,329 ) Other investing activities 15 ( 24 ) ( 19 ) Net cash used in investing activities ( 4,735 ) ( 217 ) ( 7,133 ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Net change in short-term debt ( 1,272 ) 1,272 Proceeds from long-term borrowings 4,153 2,785 3,429 Repayments of long-term borrowings ( 2,069 ) ( 2,487 ) ( 2,429 ) Purchases of common stock ( 1,000 ) ( 500 ) ( 2,250 ) Issuances of common stock 159 232 248 Dividends ( 5,398 ) ( 5,399 ) ( 5,372 ) Other financing activities 14 ( 209 ) ( 432 ) Net cash used in financing activities ( 4,141 ) ( 6,850 ) ( 5,534 ) Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 201 ( 149 ) 33 Net Increase (Decrease) In Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash ( 225 ) 2,906 ( 2,396 ) Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash: Beginning of period 6,112 3,206 5,602 End of period $ 5,887 $ 6,112 $ 3,206 See notes to audited, consolidated financial statements. 63 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Financial Statements and Business Activities United Parcel Service, Inc., and all of its consolidated subsidiaries ("UPS"), is a global package delivery and logistics provider. We manage our business and report operations through two reportable segments, U.S. Domestic Package and International Package, which are together referred to as our global small package operations. Our remaining businesses are reported as Supply Chain Solutions ("SCS"). We provide transportation services, primarily domestic and international letter, package and air cargo delivery. Through our SCS subsidiaries, we are also a global provider of transportation, logistics and related services. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. The "Company," "we," "us" and "our" refer to UPS. Unless the context indicates otherwise, whenever we refer in this report to a particular year, we mean our calendar year ended or ending December 31. Use of Estimates The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the reported amounts of revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingencies. Estimates have been prepared on the basis of the most current and best information, and actual results could differ materially from those estimates. Revenue Recognition We account for a contract when both parties have approved the contract and are committed to perform their obligations, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. Performance Obligations A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer, and is the basis of revenue recognition. The vast majority of our contracts with customers are for transportation services that include only one performance obligation; the transportation services themselves. If a contract contains more than one performance obligation, we allocate the total transaction price to each performance obligation based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the services underlying each performance obligation. In certain business units, such as Logistics, we sell customized, customer-specific solutions in which we integrate a complex set of tasks and components into a single capability that is accounted for as one performance obligation. Satisfaction of Performance Obligations We generally recognize revenue over time as we perform services in the contract because our customers receive the benefit of our services as goods are transported from one location to another. Further, if we were unable to complete delivery to the final location, those services would not need to be re-performed. We recognize revenue based on the extent of progress towards completion of our services. We use the cost-to-cost measure of progress for our package delivery contracts because it best depicts the benefit received by the customer, which occurs as we incur costs on our contracts. Under this measure, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the service. Revenues, including ancillary or accessorial fees and reductions for estimated customer incentives, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. Costs to fulfill include labor and other direct costs and an allocation of indirect costs. Customs brokerage revenue is recognized upon completing documents necessary for customs entry purposes. For our freight forwarding contracts, an output method of progress based on time-in-transit is utilized as the timing of costs incurred does not best depict the benefit to the customer. In our Logistics business we have a right to consideration from 64 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS customers in an amount that corresponds directly with the value to the customers of our performance completed to date; therefore we recognize revenue in the amount to which we have a right to invoice the customer. Variable Consideration Our contracts commonly contain customer incentives, guaranteed service refunds or other provisions that can either increase or decrease the rates paid for services. These variable amounts are generally dependent upon achievement of certain incentive tiers or performance metrics. We record revenue, which may be reduced by incentives or other contract provisions, to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative amounts recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Our estimates of revenue are based on an assessment of anticipated customer spending and all information (historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available to us. Contract Modifications Contracts are often modified to account for changes in the rates we charge our customers or to add additional, distinct services. We consider contract modifications to exist when the modification either creates new, or changes the existing, enforceable rights and obligations. Contract modifications that add distinct goods or services are treated as separate contracts. Contract modifications that do not add distinct goods or services typically change the price of existing services. These contract modifications are accounted for prospectively as the remaining performance obligations are distinct. Payment Terms Under the typical payment terms of our customer contracts, customers pay at periodic intervals, which are generally seven days within our U.S. Domestic Package business, for shipments included on invoices received. Invoices are generated each week on the week-ending day. It is not customary business practice to extend payment terms past 90 days and, as such, we do not have a practice of including a significant financing component within our contracts with customers. Principal vs. Agent Considerations In our transportation businesses, we may utilize independent contractors and third-party carriers to perform transportation services. We have determined that all our major businesses act as principal rather than agent within their revenue arrangements. Consequently, revenue and the associated purchased transportation costs are reported on a gross basis within our statements of consolidated income. Accounts Receivable, Net Accounts receivable, net, include amounts billed and currently due from customers. The amounts due are stated at their net estimated realizable value. Losses on accounts receivable are recognized when reasonable and supportable forecasts affect the expected collectability. This requires us to make our best estimate of the current expected losses inherent in our accounts receivable at each balance sheet date. These estimates require consideration of historical loss experience, adjusted for current conditions, forward-looking indicators, trends in customer payment frequency, and judgments about the probable effects of relevant observable data, including present and future economic conditions and the financial health of specific customers and market sectors. Our risk management process includes standards and policies for reviewing major account exposures and concentrations of risk. Contract Assets and Liabilities Contract assets include billed and unbilled amounts resulting from in-transit shipments, as we have an unconditional right to payment only when services have been completed (i.e., shipments have been delivered). Amounts do not exceed their net realizable value. Contract assets are generally classified as current and the full balance is converted each quarter based on the short-term nature of the transactions. Contract liabilities consist of advance payments and billings in excess of revenue as well as deferred revenue. Advance payments and billings in excess of revenue represent payments received from our customers that will be earned over the contract term. Deferred revenue represents the amount due from customers related to in-transit shipments that has not yet been recognized as revenue based on our selected measure of progress. We classify advance payments and billings in excess of revenue as either current or long-term, depending on the period over which the amount will be earned. We classify deferred revenue as current based on the short-term nature of the transactions. Our contract assets and liabilities are reported in a net position on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. In order to determine revenue recognized in the 65 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS period from contract liabilities, we first allocate revenue to the individual contract liability balance outstanding at the beginning of the period until the revenue exceeds that deferred revenue balance. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash. We consider securities with maturities of three months or less and insignificant credit risk, when purchased, to be cash equivalents. The carrying amount of these securities approximates fair value because of the short-term maturity of these instruments. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, we did no t have any restricted cash. Supplemental Cash Flow Information The following table presents supplemental cash flow information (in millions): 2025 2024 2023 Cash paid during the year for: Interest (net of amount capitalized) (1) $ 990 $ 854 $ 762 Income taxes (net of refunds) 1,912 1,347 1,976 Operating cash flows from operating leases 954 877 835 Financing cash flows from finance leases 133 136 126 Noncash transactions: Accrued capital expenditures $ 524 $ 227 $ 309 Property, plant and equipment recognized during the construction period of build-to-suit financing arrangement 107 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 808 740 1,278 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations (2) 731 120 209 (1) Includes $ 18 , $ 20 and $ 17 million of cash paid for interest on finance leases in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. (2) Includes $ 551 million related to new aircraft leases that commenced in 2025, which were accounted for as finance leases. Marketable Securities and Non-Current Investments Debt securities are classified as either trading or available-for-sale securities and are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on trading securities are reported as Investment income (expense) and other in our statements of consolidated income. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are reported within other comprehensive income, a separate component of shareowners equity. The amortized cost of debt securities is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such amortization and accretion is included in Investment income (expense) and other , together with interest and dividends. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method; realized gains and losses resulting from such sales are included in Investment income (expense) and other . We periodically review our available-for-sale investments for indications of other-than-temporary impairment considering many factors, including the extent and duration to which a security s fair value has been less than its cost, overall economic and market conditions and the financial condition and specific prospects for the issuer. Impairment of available-for-sale securities results in a charge to income when a market decline below cost is other-than-temporary, which includes consideration of whether we have both the intent and ability to hold such securities for the time necessary to recover the cost basis. If a decline in fair value is determined to be the result of a credit loss, then the decrease is recognized in income through an allowance for credit losses. Investments in equity securities through which we exercise significant influence but do not have control over the investee are accounted for under the equity method. We record the investment at cost and subsequently increase or decrease the carrying amount of the investment by our proportionate share of the net earnings or losses and other comprehensive income of the investee. Gains and losses from equity method investments are reported in Investment income (expense) and other in our statements of consolidated income. We record dividends or other equity distributions as reductions of the carrying value of the investment. Equity method investments are included within Other Non-Current Assets in our consolidated balance sheets. 66 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Inventories Fuel and other materials and supplies are recognized as inventory when purchased, and then charged to expense when used in our operations. Jet fuel, diesel and unleaded gasoline inventories are valued at the lower of average cost or net realizable value. Total inventories were $ 739 and $ 826 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and are included in Other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets. Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. We evaluate the useful lives of our property, plant and equipment based on our usage, maintenance and replacement policies, and take into account physical and economic factors that may affect the useful lives of the assets. Depreciation and amortization are provided by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which are as follows: Aircraft: 7 to 40 years, based on aircraft type and original aircraft manufacture date Buildings: 10 to 40 years Leasehold Improvements: lesser of asset useful life or lease term Plant Equipment: 3 to 20 years Technology Equipment: 3 to 10 years Vehicles: 5 to 15 years Routine maintenance and repairs are generally charged to expense as incurred. For substantially all of our aircraft, the costs of major airframe and engine overhauls, as well as routine maintenance and repairs, are charged to expense as incurred. Interest incurred during the construction of property, plant and equipment is capitalized until the underlying assets are placed in service, at which time amortization of the capitalized interest begins, straight-line, over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Capitalized interest was $ 116 and $ 121 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively. We monitor our property, plant and equipment for any indicators that the carrying value of our asset groups may not be recoverable, at which time we review the asset group for impairment based on undiscounted future cash flows. If the carrying amount of the asset is determined not to be recoverable, a write-down to fair value is recorded. Fair values are determined based on quoted market values, discounted cash flows or external appraisals, as appropriate. We test long-lived assets for impairment at the asset group level, which is the lowest level at which independent cash flows can be identified. We evaluate long-lived assets within our global small package operations at a network level given the cash flows associated with individual assets therein are not independent. Refer to note 4 for a discussion of impairments of property, plant and equipment. In 2025, we entered into an agreement with our largest customer that provides for a significant reduction in their volume. In connection therewith, we are reconfiguring our U.S. network which have and will continue to lead to a consolidation of our facilities and workforce as well as end-to-end process redesign. Revisions to our estimates of the useful life and salvage values of certain long-lived assets are likely to continue to result in accelerated depreciation expense and charges related to early retirements. Refer to note 4 for additional information. Leases We recognize a right-of-use ("ROU") asset and lease obligation for all leases greater than twelve months, including reasonably certain renewal or purchase options. Some of our leases contain both lease and non-lease components. In 2025, we defined a new lease asset class, data centers, and elected to account for the lease and non-lease components separately. For all other lease arrangements, we account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. Lease costs for short-term leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Certain of our leases contain future payments that are dependent on an index or rate, such as the consumer price index. We initially measure the lease obligation and ROU asset using the index or rate at the commencement date. In subsequent periods, lease payments dependent on an index or rate are not remeasured. Rather, changes to payments due to a change in an index or rate are recognized in our statements of consolidated income in the period of the change. 67 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS When available, we use the rate implicit in the lease to discount lease payments; however, the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable for substantially all of our leases. For these leases, we use an estimate of our incremental borrowing rate to discount lease payments based on information available at lease commencement. The incremental borrowing rate is derived using multiple inputs including our credit rating, the impact of full collateralization, lease term and denominated currency. Goodwill and Intangible Assets Costs of purchased businesses in excess of net identifiable assets acquired (goodwill) and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently, if circumstances indicate a potential impairment is present. We complete our annual goodwill impairment evaluation as of July 1 on a reporting unit basis. In assessing goodwill for impairment, we initially evaluate qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. We consider several factors, including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance of the reporting unit, changes in management, strategy or customers and relevant reporting unit-specific events such as a change in the carrying amount of net assets, a more likely than not expectation of selling or disposing of all, or a portion of, a reporting unit, and the testing for recoverability of a significant asset group within a reporting unit. If this qualitative assessment results in a conclusion that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds the carrying value, then no further testing is performed for that reporting unit. If the qualitative assessment is not conclusive, or if we elect to bypass the qualitative test, we quantitatively assess the fair value of a reporting unit to test goodwill for impairment. We assess the fair value of a reporting unit using a combination of a market and income approach. Under the market approach, we use observable market data for comparable publicly-traded companies that correspond to the reporting unit to derive a market-based multiple. Under the income approach, the fair value of the reporting unit is estimated based on discounted cash flow modeling. Assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model include future revenue, costs, capital expenditures, working capital, long-term growth rates and the discount rate. Our estimates are developed using assumptions that we believe are consistent with how a market participant would value our reporting units. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds the reporting unit s fair value, we record the excess amount as goodwill impairment, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. Finite-lived intangible assets, including trademarks, licenses, patents, customer lists, non-compete agreements and franchise rights are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from 2 to 21 years. Capitalized software is generally amortized over 7 years. Finite-lived intangible assets are assessed for impairment as part of asset groups whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Assets Held for Sale We initially measure a long-lived asset or disposal group that is classified as held for sale at the lower of its carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell and recognize any loss in the period in which the held for sale criteria are met. Gains are not recognized until the date of sale. We cease depreciation and amortization of a long-lived asset, or assets within a disposal group, upon their designation as held for sale and subsequently assess fair value less any costs to sell at each reporting date until the asset or disposal group is no longer classified as held for sale. See note 4 for additional information. Supplier Finance Programs As part of our working capital management, certain financial institutions offer a Supply Chain Finance ("SCF") program to certain of our suppliers. We agree to commercial terms with our suppliers, including prices, quantities and payment terms, regardless of whether the supplier elects to participate in the SCF program. Suppliers issue invoices to us based on the agreed-upon contractual terms. If they participate in the SCF program, our suppliers, at their sole discretion, determine which invoices, if any, to sell to the financial institutions. Our suppliers voluntary inclusion of invoices in the SCF program has no bearing on our payment terms. No guarantees are provided by us under the SCF program. We have no economic interest in a supplier s decision to participate, and we have no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions, as it relates to the SCF program. Amounts due to our suppliers that participate in the SCF program are included in Accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheets. We have been informed by the participating financial institutions that as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, suppliers sold $ 435 and $ 515 million, respectively, of our outstanding payment obligations to participating institutions. 68 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS A rollforward of obligations confirmed and paid during the year is presented below (dollars in millions): 2025 2024 Confirmed obligations outstanding at the beginning of the year $ 515 $ 504 Invoices confirmed during the year 1,460 1,722 Confirmed invoices paid during the year ( 1,540 ) ( 1,711 ) Confirmed obligations outstanding at the end of the year $ 435 $ 515 Self-Insurance Accruals We self-insure costs associated with workers' compensation claims, automobile liability, health and welfare and general business liabilities, up to certain limits. Self-insurance reserves are established for estimates of the losses we will ultimately incur on reported claims, as well as estimates of claims that have been incurred but not yet reported. The expected ultimate cost for claims incurred is estimated based upon historical loss experience and judgments about the present and expected levels of cost per claim. Trends in actual experience are a significant factor in the determination of our reserves. In 2025 and 2024, we transferred a portion of our workers' compensation liability related to policy years 1984 through 2000 and policy years 2018 and 2019 to a third-party insurer. We paid $ 152 and $ 114 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively, to transfer a portfolio of claims for which we carried reserves of $ 152 and $ 114 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively. We also sponsor a number of health and welfare insurance plans for our employees. Liabilities and expenses related to these plans are based on estimates of the number of employees and eligible dependents covered under the plans, global health events, anticipated medical usage by participants and overall trends in medical costs and inflation. Pension and Postretirement Benefits We incur certain employment-related expenses associated with company-sponsored defined benefit pension and postretirement medical benefits. These expenses are calculated using various actuarial assumptions and methodologies, including discount rates, expected returns on plan assets, healthcare cost trend rates, inflation, compensation increase rates, mortality rates and coordination of benefits with plans not sponsored by UPS. Actuarial assumptions are reviewed on an annual basis, unless circumstances require an interim measurement of any of our plans. We recognize changes in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains or losses in excess of a corridor (defined as 10% of the greater of the fair value of plan assets or the plan's projected benefit obligation) in Investment income (expense) and other, in our statements of consolidated income, upon remeasurement of a plan. The remaining components of pension expense, primarily service and interest costs and the expected return on plan assets, are recorded ratably on a quarterly basis. We recognize expense for required contributions to defined contribution plans quarterly, and we recognize a liability for any contributions due and unpaid within Accrued group welfare and retirement plan contributions within our consolidated balance sheets. We participate in a number of trustee-managed multiemployer pension and health and welfare plans for employees covered under collective bargaining agreements. Our contributions to these plans are determined in accordance with the respective collective bargaining agreements. We recognize expense for the contractually required contribution for each period, and we recognize a liability for any contributions due and unpaid within Accrued group welfare and retirement plan contributions . Income Taxes Income taxes are accounted for on an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. In estimating future tax consequences, we generally consider all expected future events other than proposed changes in the tax law or rates. Valuation allowances are provided if it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. We recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. Once it is determined that the position meets the recognition threshold, the second step requires us to estimate and measure the largest amount of tax 69 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement. The difference between the amount of recognizable tax benefit and the total amount of tax benefit from positions filed or to be filed with the tax authorities is recorded as a liability for uncertain tax benefits. It is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as we have to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. We reevaluate uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. This evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit and new audit activity. Such a change in recognition or measurement could result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision. Foreign Currency Translation and Remeasurement We translate the results of operations of our foreign subsidiaries using average exchange rates for each period, whereas balance sheet accounts are translated using exchange rates at the end of each period. Balance sheet currency translation adjustments are recorded in other comprehensive income. Pre-tax foreign currency transaction gains (losses) from remeasurement, net of hedging, included in Investment income (expense) and other were $( 22 ), $( 38 ) and $( 53 ) million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Stock-Based Compensation Share-based awards are measured based on their fair values and expensed over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award (the vesting period), less estimated forfeitures. We have issued employee share-based awards under various incentive compensation plans that contain vesting conditions, including service conditions, where the awards cliff vest after one or three years or vest ratably over periods up to five years (the "nominal vesting period") or at the date the employee retires (as defined by the plan), if earlier. See note 13 for further discussion of our share-based awards. Compensation cost is generally recognized immediately for certain awards granted to retirement-eligible employees, or over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved, if that is expected to occur during the nominal vesting period. For awards with a performance-based condition, expense is recognized based on probability of performance achievement and for awards with a market condition, expense includes the fair value at grant date. We estimate forfeiture rates based on historical rates of forfeitures for awards with similar characteristics, historical and projected rates of employee turnover and the nature and terms of the vesting conditions of the awards. We reevaluate our forfeiture rates on an annual basis. Fair Value Measurements Our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis have been categorized based upon a fair value hierarchy. Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs are based on other observable market data, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities, and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, such as interest rates and yield curves. Level 3 inputs are developed from unobservable data reflecting our own assumptions, and include situations where there is little or no market activity for the asset or liability. Certain investments described further in note 5, that do not have a readily determinable fair value, are measured at net asset value ("NAV") using NAV as a practical expedient or an equivalent developed consistent with the measurement principles in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820. Plan assets that are measured using NAV as a practical expedient are excluded from the fair value hierarchy. Certain non-financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, including property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets. These assets are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is an impairment. For business acquisitions, we allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and identified intangible assets based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. During the measurement period, which is up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Following the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. Derivative Instruments We recognize all derivative instruments as assets or liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and, further, on the type of hedging relationship. For those derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments, we designate the derivative as a cash flow hedge, a fair value hedge or a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation based upon the exposure being hedged. 70 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS A cash flow hedge refers to hedging the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that is attributable to a particular risk. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of other comprehensive income, and reclassified into earnings in the period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. A fair value hedge refers to hedging the exposure to changes in the fair value of an existing asset or liability that is attributable to a particular risk. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is recognized in earnings during the current period, together with the gain or loss on the hedged item. A net investment hedge refers to the use of cross currency swaps, forward contracts or foreign-currency-denominated debt to hedge portions of net investments in foreign operations. For instruments that meet the hedge accounting requirements, the net gains or losses attributable to changes in spot exchange rates are recorded in the foreign currency translation adjustment within other comprehensive income, and are recorded in the income statement when the hedged item affects earnings. Adoption of New Accounting Standards In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosure, to enhance tax-related disclosures. The ASU became effective for us in 2025 and, beginning with this annual reporting period, requires more standardized categories in the tax rate reconciliation and additional detail for significant tax items. It also requires a breakdown of income taxes paid by jurisdiction exceeding 5% of total taxes and removes certain disclosure requirements for unremitted foreign earnings and uncertain tax positions. We adopted this ASU prospectively. The adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or internal controls. See note 15 for additional information. Other accounting pronouncements adopted during the periods covered by the consolidated financial statements did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows or internal controls. Accounting Standards Issued But Not Yet Effective In November 2024, the FASB issued an ASU on expense disaggregation disclosures, which will require tabular disclosure in the notes to financial statements for specific expense categories. The standard becomes effective for us beginning with our 2027 annual report and for interim and annual periods thereafter. This ASU provides for additional expense disclosures. We are evaluating its impact on our financial statements, disclosures and internal controls but do not expect this ASU to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows or internal controls. In July 2025, the FASB issued an ASU on measurement of credit losses for accounts receivable and contract assets, which introduces a practical expedient for estimating expected credit losses on eligible current assets. The practical expedient permits entities to assume credit loss conditions existing at the balance sheet date will continue. Adoption of the practical expedient is optional and, if adopted, would become effective for us beginning in the first quarter of 2026. We are evaluating the impact of adoption, but do not expect this ASU to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows or internal controls. In September 2025, the FASB issued an ASU on targeted improvements to the accounting for internal use software, which modernizes accounting guidance for costs incurred in developing internal-use software. This ASU removes references to development stages, and instead requires capitalization to begin based on a "probable-to-complete" threshold. This ASU becomes effective for us beginning with our 2028 annual report and for interim and annual periods thereafter, and early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adoption, but do not expect this ASU to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows or internal controls. In December 2025, the FASB issued an ASU on accounting for government grants. The ASU defines the scope of government grants and permits recognition only when it is probable that the entity will comply with the grant s conditions and the grant will be received. It also provides guidance on presentation approaches for both asset related and income related grants and expands related disclosure requirements. This ASU becomes effective for us beginning in the first quarter of 2029 and for annual periods thereafter, and early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adoption, but do not expect this ASU to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows or internal controls. Other accounting pronouncements issued, but not effective until after December 31, 2025, are not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows or internal controls. 71 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 2. REVENUE RECOGNITION Revenue Recognition Substantially all of our revenues are from contracts associated with the pickup, transportation and delivery of packages and freight ("transportation services"). These services may be carried out by or arranged by us and generally occur over a short period of time. Additionally, we provide value-added logistics services to customers through our global network of company-owned and leased distribution centers and field stocking locations. Disaggregation of Revenue 2025 2024 2023 Revenue: Next Day Air $ 9,652 $ 9,703 $ 9,894 Deferred 4,446 4,757 5,093 Ground 44,183 45,347 44,971 Cargo Other 1,238 569 247 U.S. Domestic Package $ 59,519 $ 60,376 $ 60,205 Domestic $ 3,401 $ 3,186 $ 3,144 Export 14,479 14,142 14,003 Cargo Other 696 632 684 International Package $ 18,576 $ 17,960 $ 17,831 Forwarding $ 2,916 $ 4,728 $ 5,534 Logistics 5,855 6,437 5,927 Other 1,795 1,569 1,461 SCS $ 10,566 $ 12,734 $ 12,922 Consolidated revenue $ 88,661 $ 91,070 $ 90,958 As of the fourth quarter of 2024, based on a change in our management reporting structure, U.S. Air Cargo revenue is presented within our U.S. Domestic Package segment and prior periods have been recast. Refer to note 14 for further information. Accounts Receivable, Net In 2025, we entered into accounts receivable factoring programs with third parties, in which we may sell certain customer receivables to third parties on a revolving periodic basis. Any such transactions are accounted for as sales and accordingly, receivables sold are removed from Accounts receivable, net in our consolidated balance sheets and the proceeds are reflected in Cash Flows from Operating Activities in our statements of consolidated cash flows. Our continuing involvement in these receivables is primarily limited to servicing and under limited circumstances, recourse. Total accounts which may be outstanding under these programs are $ 860 million. In 2025, we sold $ 734 million of accounts receivable for net cash proceeds of $ 730 million. In connection with these programs, we recognized a liability, measured at fair value, related to our estimated recourse obligations recorded within Other current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. We also recorded an immaterial loss associated with the transactions within Other Income (Expense) in our statements of consolidated income. As of December 31, 2025, $ 491 million accounts receivable was outstanding under our factoring programs. We continue to service the receivables and remit any collections to third-party purchasers. As of December 31, 2025, cash collections of $ 59 million were not yet remitted to third-party purchasers. These obligations are included within Other current 72 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet, with changes in such obligations reflected within Cash Flows from Financing Activities in our statement of consolidated cash flows. Our allowance for expected credit losses increased by $ 44 million during 2025 as a result of changes in the composition of invoice aging and certain customers' behaviors. Our allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 was $ 180 and $ 136 million, respectively. Amounts for credit losses charged to expense before recoveries during 2025, 2024 and 2023 were $ 371 , $ 311 , and $ 205 million, respectively. Contract Assets and Liabilities Contract assets were $ 275 and $ 307 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and were recorded within Other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets. Contract liabilities recorded within Other Non-Current Liabilities were $ 49 and $