=== AMGN_2026-02-13.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs and our management’s assumptions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties our business faces. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as employment relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events and international operations. Further, additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may in the future materially and adversely affect our business, operations, liquidity and stock price. SUMMARY Risks Related to Government Regulations and Third-Party Policies • Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability. • Guidelines and recommendations published by various organizations can reduce the use of our products. • We could be subject to additional tax liabilities, including from an adverse outcome in our ongoing tax dispute with the IRS and other tax examinations, enactment of the OECD minimum corporate tax rate agreement and the adoption and interpretation of new tax legislation, including OB3. Such tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability and results of operations. • Our business may be affected by litigation and government investigations. Risks Related to Economic Conditions and Operating a Global Business • Our efforts to collaborate with or acquire other companies, products, or technology, and to integrate the operations of companies or to support the products or technology we have acquired, may not be successful, and may result in unanticipated costs, delays or failures to realize the benefits of the transactions. • A breakdown of our information technology systems, cyberattack or information security breach could significantly compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information technology systems, network-connected control systems and/or our data, interrupt the operation of our business and/or affect our reputation. • Our sales and operations are subject to the risks of doing business internationally, including in new or emerging markets. • We may not be able to access the capital and credit markets on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. Risks Related to Competition • Our products face substantial competition and our product candidates are also likely to face substantial competition. • Our intellectual property positions may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or we may fail to prevail in current and future intellectual property litigation. • We currently face competition from biosimilars and generics and expect to face increasing competition from biosimilars and generics in the future. • Concentration of sales at certain of our wholesaler distributors, and consolidation of private payers, such as insurers, and PBMs has negatively affected, and may continue to negatively affect, our business. Risks Related to Research and Development • We may not be able to develop commercial products despite significant investments in R&D. • We must conduct clinical trials in humans before we commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications. • Our current products and products in development cannot be sold without regulatory approval. 29 • Some of our products are used with drug delivery or companion diagnostic devices that have their own regulatory, manufacturing and other risks. • Some of our pharmaceutical pipeline and our commercial product sales rely on collaborations with third parties, which may adversely affect the development and sales of our products. Risks Related to Operations • We perform a substantial majority of our commercial manufacturing activities at our facility in the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico and a substantial majority of our clinical manufacturing activities at our facility in Thousand Oaks, California; significant disruptions or production failures at these facilities could significantly impair our ability to supply our products or continue our clinical trials. • We rely on third-party suppliers for certain of our raw materials, medical devices and components. • Manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or delays could limit supply of our products and limit our product sales. • Our business and operations may be negatively affected by the failure, or perceived failure, of achieving our sustainability objectives. • The effects of global climate change and related natural disasters could negatively affect our business and operations. General Risk Factors • Global economic conditions may negatively affect us and may magnify certain risks that affect our business. • Our stock price is volatile. RISKS RELATED TO GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS AND THIRD-PARTY POLICIES Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability. Sales of our products depend on the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers, including government healthcare programs and private insurance plans. Governments and private payers continue to pursue initiatives to manage drug utilization and contain costs. Payers are increasingly focused on costs, which has resulted, and is expected to continue to result, in lower reimbursement rates for our products and/or narrower patient populations for which payers will reimburse. Continued intense public scrutiny of the price of drugs and other healthcare costs, together with payer dynamics, have limited, and are likely to continue to limit, our ability to set or adjust the price of our products based on their value, which can have a material adverse effect on our business. In the United States, a number of legislative and regulatory proposals have been introduced and/or signed into law to lower drug prices. These include the IRA that enables the U.S. government to set prices for certain drugs in Medicare, redesigns Medicare Part D benefits to shift a greater proportion of the costs to manufacturers and health plans, and enables the U.S. government to impose penalties if drug prices are increased at a rate faster than inflation (IRA Inflation Penalties). On July 4, 2025, OB3 was enacted and included several changes to Medicare, Medicaid and Affordable Care Act policies, including provisions affecting eligibility, that, when implemented, are expected to adversely affect coverage and reimbursement for our products. On May 12, 2025, the Administration issued the Most-Favored-Nations (MFN) Prescription Drug Pricing Executive Order (MFN EO) aimed at using price benchmarks from other developed countries to set U.S. pricing targets. Subsequently, on July 31, 2025 the Administration sent letters to many pharmaceutical manufacturers, including Amgen (the July MFN Letter) as further described below, outlining steps that such manufacturers could take to advance actions consistent with elements of the MFN EO. In December 2025, we announced that we are taking actions that satisfy the components outlined in the July MFN Letter, including the Administration’s MFN pricing requests. Further, the Administration has called on Congress to enact legislation that would codify the terms that the Administration arrived at with recipients of the July MFN Letter (the MFN Terms). The details of such legislative framework are unknown and, if enacted, such legislation could apply to a broader range of products, payers or pricing arrangements for a longer period than those resulting from the MFN Terms. Additional proposals focused on drug pricing continue to be debated, and additional executive orders or regulatory initiatives focused on drug pricing and competition may be adopted and implemented in some form. It remains unclear what further policies, legislation and/or actions the Administration, Congress, or state governments will advance with respect to other drug pricing proposals or other healthcare regulations affecting pharmaceuticals, including the MFN EO, IRA and OB3 implementation, trade policies, or state laws affecting the 340B Program or Medicaid reimbursement that could ultimately be adopted more broadly. To the extent such actions reduce or modify coverage or reimbursement for our products, increase rebates or other costs, constrain pricing decisions, or otherwise limit product use, they would have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 30 —Changing U.S. federal coverage and reimbursement policies and practices have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, access to, pricing of, and sales of our products A substantial proportion of our U.S. business relies on reimbursement from federal government healthcare programs and commercial insurance plans regulated by federal and state governments. See Item 1. Business—Reimbursement. Our business has been, and will continue to be, affected by legislative actions changing U.S. federal reimbursement policy. For example, the IRA includes provisions requiring mandatory pricing in Medicare for certain drugs under Parts B and D (starting with 10 drugs effective January 1, 2026, adding 15 in 2027 and 2028, and adding 20 in 2029 and subsequent years such that, by 2031, approximately 100 drugs would be subject to such set prices). CMS has set Medicare Part D prices for ENBREL, effective January 1, 2026, and Otezla, effective January 2027, in each case at significantly lower prices that are expected to negatively impact their profitability in Medicare. See Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Results of operations— Product sales . Further, CMS has issued guidance that allows for the re-setting of prices for drugs for which it previously set a price. Depending on the growth and success of our medicines, other of our medicines may also be subject to selection by CMS in the next, or in a future, cycle of mandatory Medicare price setting, we may be required to accept a price set by the government for Medicare using the process that was applied to ENBREL and Otezla. On April 15, 2025, the Administration issued an executive order (the April 2025 EO) that, among other directives, directs HHS to work with Congress to align the treatment of small molecule drugs and biologics in the Medicare price setting program under the IRA. It is currently unclear how such modifications would affect the timeframe in which Medicare price setting becomes applicable for selected drugs or biologics. Also under the IRA, Medicare Part D was redesigned to cap beneficiary out-of-pocket costs and reduce Federal reinsurance in the catastrophic phase; increasing cost-sharing obligations for Part D plans and manufacturers, including by requiring manufacturer discounts. Further, the IRA inflation penalties allow CMS to collect rebates from manufacturers if Medicare price increases outpace inflation, and several of our products have been subject to such IRA inflation rebates. The IRA’s Medicare price setting and Medicare redesign have had, and are likely to have, an adverse effect on our sales, our business and our results of operations, and such impact is expected to increase through the end of the decade and will depend on factors including the extent of our portfolio’s exposure to Medicare reimbursement, the rate of inflation over time, the number of our products selected for Medicare price setting and the timing of market entry of generic or biosimilar competition. Further, following the enactment of the IRA, the environment remains dynamic, and U.S. policymakers continue to demonstrate interest in health care and drug pricing changes as well as potential changes affecting intellectual property. For example, in April 2024, CMS finalized policy changes that will give Part D plans more flexibility to substitute biosimilars for innovator products on formularies in 2025. Implementation of OB3 also may impact access to and reimbursement of our products. For example, the Congressional Budget Office has projected that the OB3 will result in significant reductions in federal Medicaid spending over the next decade and an increase in the number of people without health insurance. These developments would place greater stress on state budgets and hospital finances, and could result in reduced access to medicines, additional pressure to further discount medicines and further growth of 340B Program utilization. The MFN EO directs HHS to pursue pricing policies that align U.S. drug prices with the prices available in certain comparably developed countries and directs a range of actions to advance that objective, including through regulatory, trade and other policy measures. In July 2025, the Administration delivered the July MFN Letter to us and a number of other manufacturers that called for drug manufacturers to: 1) extend MFN pricing to Medicaid; 2) guarantee MFN pricing to Medicaid, Medicare and commercial payers on all newly launched drugs; 3) use future increased revenues from outside the U.S. to lower U.S. drug prices; and 4) participate in direct-to-patient models to provide MFN pricing for certain drugs. Since the issuance of the July MFN Letter, most recipients have announced that they have reached agreement with the Administration to address the matters described in the letter. In December 2025, we announced that we are taking actions that satisfy the components outlined in the July MFN Letter, including the Administration’s MFN pricing requests. We also announced the expansion of our direct-to-patient program. While this development reflects ongoing engagement on pricing policy, the ultimate effects on our pricing, reimbursement, net sales and profitability remain uncertain in light of evolving regulatory and policy expectations. We also face risks related to the reporting of pricing data that affects reimbursement of and discounts provided for our products. U.S. government price reporting regulations are complex and may require biopharmaceutical manufacturers to update certain previously submitted data. If our submitted pricing data are incorrect, we may become subject to substantial fines and penalties or other government enforcement actions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, as a result of restating previously reported price data, we may be required to pay additional rebates and provide additional discounts. —Changing reimbursement and pricing actions in various states have negatively affected, and may continue to negatively affect, access to, and have affected, and may continue to affect, sales of our products At the state level, legislation, government actions and ballot initiatives can also affect how our products are covered and reimbursed and/or create additional pressure on our pricing decisions. Existing and proposed state pricing laws, which may move forward more rapidly than similar efforts at the federal level, have added complexity to the pricing of drugs. A number of states have adopted, and many other states are considering, PDABs, drug importation programs, reference pricing schemes and 31 other drug pricing actions, including proposals designed to require biopharmaceutical manufacturers to report to the state proprietary pricing information or provide advance notice of certain price increases. States continue to pursue laws related to price controls, referencing the IRA and seeking to regulate and prohibit restrictions on the 340B Program. For example, following the passage of the IRA, bills have been proposed in multiple states that would apply the drug price caps set by HHS for Medicare to drug prices in an individual state, and such references to IRA price caps have also been included in PDAB legislation. For Medicaid patients, states have established a Medicaid drug spending cap (New York) and implemented a new review and supplemental rebate negotiation process (Massachusetts). Eight states (Colorado, Maine, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Maryland, Minnesota, Oregon and Washington) have enacted laws that establish PDABs to identify drugs that pose affordability challenges, and four such states include authority for the state PDABs to set upper payment limits on certain drugs for in-state patients, payers and providers. In 2025, Maryland expanded the scope of its PDAB law to include the commercial market. The eight states with enacted PDAB laws are in various phases of implementation, with Colorado’s PDAB being the furthest along. The Colorado PDAB deemed three of five drugs “unaffordable,” including ENBREL, and in October 2025 the Colorado PDAB established an Upper Payment Limit (UPL) substantially lower than the wholesale acquisition cost of ENBREL that would be generally applicable to all formulations of ENBREL, effective no earlier than January 1, 2027, and will be reviewed annually. On July 16, 2025, Washington state’s PDAB selected ENBREL for one of its first affordability reviews. Following the timeline and process established by the state for such affordability review, the manufacturer and the PDAB will undertake a number of required interactions. However, the Washington state PDAB may not establish a UPL for any prescription drug before January 1, 2027. Further, inappropriate expanded utilization of the 340B Program from broadened application of the 340B discounts has had, and is expected to continue to have, a negative impact on the Company’s product sales, business and results of operations. Twenty states (Louisiana, Arkansas, West Virginia, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Maryland, North Dakota, South Dakota, Utah, Nebraska, New Mexico, Colorado, Tennessee, Oregon, Vermont, Hawaii, Oklahoma, Rhode Island and Maine) have enacted laws with mandates on manufacturers participating in the 340B Program, and, in 2025, no fewer than 30 states have introduced similar legislation. These bills vary, but typically include provisions restricting a manufacturer’s ability to direct drugs in 340B channels, recognizing 340B contract pharmacies and a prohibition on requiring the inclusion of 340B claims modifiers. With OB3’s reductions to federal Medicaid funding to states, increased pressure is anticipated for providers to find and preserve existing revenue sources at the state level, which may result in increased use of 340B contract pharmacy mandates. In Genesis Health Care, Inc. v. Becerra , the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina issued an order in November 2023 enjoining the Health Resources and Services Administration from enforcing a more restrictive interpretation against Genesis Health Care as to who qualifies as a patient under the 340B Program, which could, if adopted more broadly, affect the scope of eligibility for 340B discounts. Since this decision, various courts have reached differing conclusions on challenges to state laws regulating aspects of the 340B Program, with some courts declining to enjoin such laws and others granting relief to challengers. Certain appellate courts have issued decisions both upholding certain state 340B statues and affirming the denial of preliminary injunctive relief to manufacturers, while litigation and appeals concerning the validity, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws remain ongoing. Additionally, in 2024, the FDA authorized Florida to move forward with its importation program proposal, though the state has not yet completed any significant steps towards importation within the two-year authorization window. Colorado, Maine, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Texas and Vermont have also enacted state importation laws, and some have submitted plans for approval to the FDA. Other states could adopt similar approaches or could pursue different policy changes in a continuing effort to reduce their costs. Further, the April 2025 EO also directs HHS to, within 90 days, streamline and improve the drug importation program to ease the process for states to obtain drug importation approvals. On May 21, 2025, the FDA issued a press release indicating it was taking steps to enhance state importation programs and would offer individual states and tribes the opportunity to submit draft proposals for pre-review and to meet with the agency to obtain initial feedback prior to formally submitting importation proposals. While under federal law biologics remain exempt from such state importation activities, our small molecule products could be impacted by these initiatives. Ultimately, existing or future state government actions or ballot initiatives may also have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. —U.S. commercial payer actions have affected, and may continue to affect, access to and sales of our products Payers, including healthcare insurers, PBMs, integrated healthcare delivery systems (vertically-integrated organizations built from consolidations of healthcare insurers and PBMs) and group purchasing organizations, are continuing to seek ways to further reduce their costs. With increasing frequency, payers are adopting benefit plan changes that shift a greater proportion of drug costs to patients. Such measures include more limited benefit plan designs, high deductible plans, higher patient co-pay or coinsurance obligations and more significant limitations on patients’ use of manufacturer commercial co-pay assistance programs. Further, government regulation of payers may affect these trends. Payers, including PBMs, have sought, and continue to seek, price discounts or rebates in connection with the placement of our products on their formularies or those they 32 manage, and to also impose restrictions on access to, or usage of, our products (such as Step Therapy), require that patients receive the payer’s prior authorization before covering the product, and/or to exclude certain indications for which our products are approved. Further, significant consolidation in the health insurance industry has resulted in a few large insurers and PBMs, which places greater pressure on pricing and usage negotiations with biopharmaceutical manufacturers, significantly increasing discount and rebate requirements and limiting patient access and usage. See —Concentration of sales at certain of our wholesaler distributors, and consolidation of private payers, such as insurers, and PBMs has negatively affected, and may continue to negatively affect, our business. This high degree of consolidation among insurers, PBMs and other payers, including integrated healthcare delivery systems and/or with specialty or mail-order pharmacies and pharmacy retailers, has increased the negotiating leverage such entities have over us and other biopharmaceutical manufacturers and has resulted in greater price discounts, rebates and service fees realized by those payers from our business. Our business is also affected by policies implemented by private healthcare entities that process Medicare claims, including Medicare Administrative Contractors. Each of CVS, Express Scripts and United Health Group (among the top six integrated health plans and PBMs) have Rebate Management Organizations that further increase their leverage to negotiate deeper discounts on their behalf and for the benefit of their other customers. Ultimately, additional discounts, rebates, fees, coverage changes, plan changes, restrictions or exclusions imposed by these commercial payers could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. See —Concentration of sales at certain of our wholesaler distributors, and consolidation of private payers, such as insurers, and PBMs has negatively affected, and may continue to negatively affect, our business. —Government and commercial payer actions outside the United States have affected and will continue to affect access to and sales of our products Outside the United States, we expect countries will also continue to take actions to reduce their drug expenditures and to reduce intellectual property protections. See Item 1. Business—Reimbursement. Pressures to decrease drug expenditures may intensify as governments take actions to address budgets strained by high inflation and weak economic conditions, including in Europe, where sustained fiscal pressures continue to challenge public healthcare systems. In addition, policies under consideration or adopted in the United States that reference or tie drug prices to those paid in foreign jurisdictions, including through most-favored-nation or similar pricing approaches, could increase the significance of pricing decisions in such foreign jurisdictions. Further, the EU is currently undergoing a review and revision of its general pharmaceutical legislation that, while full implementation is not expected before 2027, has led to proposals that would reduce intellectual property protection for new products (including potentially shortening the duration of regulatory data exclusivity and orphan drug exclusivity protections), as well as change the reimbursement and regulatory landscape. International reference pricing has been widely used by many countries outside the United States to control costs. International reference pricing policies can change quickly and frequently and may not reflect differences in the burden of disease, indications, market structures or affordability across countries or regions. Other expenditure control practices, including the use of revenue clawbacks, rebates and caps on product sales, are also used in various foreign jurisdictions. In addition, countries may refuse to reimburse, or may restrict the reimbursed population for a product, when their national health technology assessments do not consider a medicine to demonstrate sufficient clinical benefit beyond existing therapies or to meet certain cost effectiveness thresholds. For example, despite the EMA’s approval of Repatha for the treatment of patients with established atherosclerotic disease, prior to 2020, the reimbursement of Repatha in France was limited to a narrower patient population (such as those with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH)) following a national health technology assessment. Many countries decide on reimbursement between potentially competing products through national or regional tenders that often result in one product receiving most, or all of, the sales in that country or region. Failure to obtain coverage and reimbursement for our products, a deterioration in their existing coverage and reimbursement, or a decline in the timeliness or certainty of payment by payers to hospitals and other providers, has negatively affected, and may further negatively affect, the ability or willingness of healthcare providers to prescribe our products for their patients and otherwise negatively affect the use of our products or the prices we realize for them. Such failures and changes have had, and could in the future have, a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. Guidelines and recommendations published by various organizations can reduce the use of our products. Government agencies promulgate regulations and guidelines directly applicable to us and to our products. Professional societies, practice management groups, insurance carriers, physicians’ groups, private health and science foundations and organizations involved in various diseases also publish guidelines and recommendations to healthcare providers, administrators and payers, as well as patient communities. Recommendations by government agencies or other groups and organizations may relate to such matters as usage, dosage, route of administration and use of related therapies. In addition, a growing number of organizations are providing assessments of the value and pricing of biopharmaceutical products, and even organizations whose guidelines have historically been focused on clinical matters have begun to incorporate analyses of the cost effectiveness of various treatments into their treatment guidelines and recommendations. Value assessments may come from private organizations that publish their findings and offer recommendations relating to the products’ reimbursement by government and 33 private payers. Some companies and payers have announced pricing and payment decisions based in part on the assessments of private organizations. In addition, government health technology assessment organizations in many countries make reimbursement recommendations to payers in their jurisdictions based on the clinical effectiveness, cost-effectiveness and service effects of new, emerging and existing medicines and treatments. Such health technology assessment organizations have recommended , and may in the future recommend, reimbursement for certain of our products for a narrower indication than was approved by applicable regulatory agencies or may recommend against reimbursement entirely. See Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability . The EU has adopted and begun implementing Regulation 2021/2282 on Health Technology Assessment, which establishes a permanent framework for cooperation among EU member states on joint clinical assessments and scientific consultat

=== AMGN_2026-05-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors— We currently face competition from biosimilars and generics and expect to face increasing competition from biosimilars and generics in the future . Delays or uncertainties in the development or implementation of such pathways, or changes in existing regulatory pathways, including degradation of regulatory standards, could result in delays or difficulties in getting our biosimilar products approved by regulatory authorities, subject us to unanticipated development costs or otherwise reduce the value of the investments we have made in the biosimilars area. Further, we cannot predict the extent to which any potential legislative or policy initiatives would affect the biosimilar pathway or have a material adverse effect on our development of biosimilars, on our marketed biosimilars or on our pursuit of interchangeability designations for any biosimilar. In addition, if we are unable to bring our biosimilar products to market on a timely basis and secure “first-to-market” or other advantageous positions, our future biosimilar sales, business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Global economic conditions may negatively affect us and may magnify certain risks that affect our business. Our operations and performance have been affected, and may continue to be affected, by uncertain global economic conditions, including those arising from geopolitical and trade policy tensions and market volatility. In addition, fiscal and budgetary pressures in the United States and other jurisdictions, including uncertainty around, or reprioritization of, government funding and constrained government resources, may disrupt government operations and regulatory activities and increase 55 pressure on healthcare budgets and reimbursement policies. See Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability . Further, the ongoing conflict in the Middle East may negatively affect our sales in that region and has increased volatility in energy and transportation markets, resulting in higher costs and, in some cases, disruptions and delays in shipping and travel, which has increased, and may continue to increase, our costs, disrupt the supply of materials, components, services and personnel needed for our operations, and the conflict has also heightened corporate security and cybersecurity risks, which could adversely affect our operations and results. As a result of global economic conditions, some third-party payers may delay or be unable to satisfy their reimbursement obligations. Job losses or other economic hardships (including inflation) may also affect patients’ ability to afford healthcare as a result of increased co-pay or deductible obligations, greater cost sensitivity to existing co-pay or deductible obligations, lost healthcare insurance coverage or for other reasons. We believe such conditions have led and could continue to lead to reduced demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. Our operational costs, including the cost of materials, labor, distribution, energy and our other operational and facilities costs are subject to market conditions and may be impacted by the effects of the current conflict in the Middle East. Although we monitor our distributors’, customers’ and suppliers’ financial condition and their liquidity to mitigate our business risks, some of our distributors, customers and suppliers may become insolvent, which could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. A significant worsening of global economic conditions could precipitate or materially amplify the other risks described herein. Ongoing changes to U.S. trade and tariff policies, including the imposition, modification, suspension and threatened expansion of tariffs on imported goods, as well as retaliatory measures by foreign governments, have increased uncertainty in the overall business and operating environment, and have, to a limited extent, adversely affected our operating costs. In October 2025 the Administration initiated a Section 301 investigation relating to China’s implementation of the Economic and Trade Agreement between the U.S. and Chinese governments, and while no new tariff action has been announced in connection with that investigation, it or similar investigations could lead to additional trade measures in the future. Given the many uncertainties and variables, including the scope of exemptions, company-specific arrangements, future trade agreements, and the potential for retaliatory measures or additional trade actions, it remains unclear the extent, and degree, to which existing and future tariffs will disrupt and adversely affect our business activities (including product sales, and conduct of clinical trial and research and development activities), and the global economic environment, and/or amplify the other risks described herein. We maintain a significant portfolio of investments on our consolidated balance sheets. Global capital markets have experienced, and may continue to experience, periods of volatility and disruption, including as a result of interest rate fluctuations, inflation, liquidity conditions, credit market stress and geopolitical events. Certain of our assets, including equity investments, are exposed to market fluctuations that, in a sustained or recurrent series of market disruptions, could result in impairments or losses on sale. The value of our investments may also be adversely affected by interest rate fluctuations, inflation, downgrades in credit ratings, illiquidity in the capital markets, geopolitical events and other factors that may result in other-than-temporary declines in the value of our investments. Any of those events could cause us to record impairment charges with respect to our investment portfolio or to realize losses on sales of investments. We also maintain a majority of our cash and cash equivalents in accounts with major multi-national financial institutions, and our deposits at these institutions exceed insured limits. Market conditions can adversely affect the viability of these institutions. In the event of failure of any of the financial institutions where we maintain our cash and cash equivalents, there can be no assurance that we would be able to access uninsured funds in a timely manner or at all. Inability to access, or a delay in accessing these funds, could adversely affect our business and financial position. 56 Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS During the three months ended March 31, 2026, we had one outstanding stock repurchase program, under which we had no repurchase activity. Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced program Maximum dollar value that may yet be purchased under the program January 1–31 — — — $ 6,779,253,902 February 1–28 — — — $ 6,779,253,902 March 1–31 (1) (1) — $ 6,779,253,902 Total — — (1) In March 2026, the Company purchased 101 shares at an average price paid of $361.13 per share from a staff member to satisfy federal law compliance obligations. These shares were not repurchased under our stock repurchase program. Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated any “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. Item 6. EXHIBITS Reference is made to the Index to Exhibits included herein. 57 INDEX TO EXHIBITS Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Amgen Inc. (As Rest