=== AMGN_2026-02-13.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors We must conduct clinical trials in humans before we commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications. 18 For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, our R D expenses were $7.3 billion, $6.0 billion and $4.8 billion, respectively. We expect to continue allocating significant resources to our R D activities. Some of our competitors are actively engaged in R D in areas in which we have products or in which we are developing product candidates or new indications for existing products. For example, we compete with other clinical trials for eligible patients, which may limit the number of available patients who meet the criteria for certain clinical trials. The competitive marketplace for our product candidates is greatly dependent on the timing of entry into the market. Early entry may have important advantages in gaining product acceptance, thereby contributing to a product s eventual success and profitability. Accordingly, we expect that in some cases, the relative speed with which we can develop products, complete clinical testing, receive regulatory approval and supply commercial quantities of a product to the market will be important to our competitive position. In addition to product candidates and marketed products generated from our internal R D efforts, we acquire companies, acquire and license certain product and R D technology rights and establish R D arrangements with third parties to enhance our strategic position within our industry by strengthening and diversifying our R D capabilities, product pipeline and marketed product base. In pursuing these R D arrangements and licensing or acquisition activities, we face competition from other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that also seek to license or acquire technologies, product candidates or marketed products from those entities performing the R D. The following table shows a selection of certain of our product candidates by phase of development in our therapeutic areas of focus as of February 3, 2026, unless otherwise indicated. The information in this section does not include, among other things, other, nonregistrational clinical trials that we may conduct for purposes other than for submission to regulatory agencies for their approval of a new product indication. We may conduct nonregistrational clinical trials for various reasons, including to evaluate real-world outcomes or to collect additional safety information with regard to the use of products. Investigational indications (programs) Phase 3 BLINCYTO Ph-negative B-ALL Dazodalibep Sj gren s disease IMDELLTRA/IMDYLLTRA Small cell lung cancer LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS Metastatic colorectal cancer Non-small cell lung cancer MariTide Chronic weight management Cardiovascular disease Heart failure Obstructive sleep apnea Nplate Chemotherapy-induced thrombocytopenia Olpasiran Cardiovascular disease Pegloticase Subcutaneous administration for uncontrolled gout Repatha Cardiovascular disease Rocatinlimab (1) Moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis Prurigo nodularis TEPEZZA Subcutaneous administration for TED Chronic/low clinical activity score TED in Japan TEZSPIRE Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Eosinophilic esophagitis Xaluritamig Metastatic castrate resistant prostate cancer ABP 206 Investigational biosimilar to OPDIVO (nivolumab) ABP 234 Investigational biosimilar to KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) ABP 692 Investigational biosimilar to OCREVUS (ocrelizumab) 19 Investigational indications (programs) Phase 2 Blinatumomab Refractory rheumatoid arthritis Systemic lupus erythematosus with and without nephritis Daxdilimab Dermatomyositis and anti-synthetase inflammatory myositis Discoid lupus erythematosus Inebilizumab Systemic lupus erythematosus with nephritis MariTide Type 2 diabetes Rocatinlimab (1) Moderate-to-severe asthma AMG 104 Asthma AMG 193 Non-small cell lung cancer AMG 329 Sj gren s disease AMG 732 TED Phase 1 Xaluritamig Ewing Sarcoma AMG 193 Other tumors AMG 305 Solid tumors AMG 355 Solid tumors AMG 410 Solid tumors AMG 513 Obesity AMG 691 Asthma (1) See Significant Developments for additional information regarding the termination of our collaboration agreement with Kyowa Kirin. Phase 3 Clinical trials investigate the short- and long-term safety and efficacy of our product candidates, compared to commonly used treatments, in a large number of patients who have the disease or condition under study. Phase 2 Clinical trials investigate side-effect profiles and efficacy of product candidates in a larger patient population than Phase 1, but still relatively small, who have the disease or condition under study. Phase 1 Clinical trials investigate the safety and proper dose ranges of product candidates usually in a small number of human subjects. 20 Phase 3 Product Candidate Program Changes As of February 4, 2025, we had 25 Phase 3 programs studied in investigational indications. As of February 3, 2026, we had 23 Phase 3 programs being studied in investigational indications, as six programs initiated Phase 3 studies, five programs received regulatory approval, one program was stopped, one program was no longer being pursued and one program concluded. These changes are set forth in the following table. Molecule Investigational indications (programs) Program changes AMJEVITA Interchangeability study Approved by the FDA Bemarituzumab Gastric and gastroesophageal junction cancer Stopped EVENITY Male osteoporosis No longer pursued MariTide Chronic weight management Initiated two global Phase 3 studies Cardiovascular disease Initiated global Phase 3 study Heart failure Initiated global Phase 3 study Obstructive sleep apnea Initiated two global Phase 3 studies Otezla Palmoplantar pustulosis Approved in Japan Pegloticase Subcutaneous administration for uncontrolled gout Initiated Phase 3 study TEZSPIRE Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Initiated Phase 3 study Chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps Approved by the FDA and the EC Severe asthma Concluded UPLIZNA IgG4-RD Approved by the FDA and the EC Generalized myasthenia gravis Approved by the FDA Phase 3 Product Candidate Patent Information The following table describes our composition-of-matter patents that have been issued thus far for our product candidates in Phase 3 development that have yet to be approved for any indication in the United States or the EU. Patents for products already approved for one or more indications in the United States or the EU but that are currently undergoing Phase 3 clinical trials for additional indications have been previously described. See Marketing, Distribution and Selected Marketed Products Patents . Molecule Territory General subject matter Estimated expiration (1) Dazodalibep U.S. Polypeptides 2034 Europe Polypeptides 2032 MariTide U.S. Antibody-peptide conjugates 2038 Europe Antibody-peptide conjugates 2038 Olpasiran U.S. Compounds 2036 Europe Compounds 2036 Rocatinlimab (2) U.S. Polypeptides 2028 Europe Polypeptides 2026 Xaluritamig U.S. Polypeptides 2039 (1) Patent expiration estimates are based on issued patents, which may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by competitors. The estimates do not include any term adjustments, extensions or supplemental protection certificates that may be obtained in the future and thereby extend these dates. Corresponding patent applications are pending in other jurisdictions. Additional patents may be filed or issued and may provide additional exclusivity for the product candidate or its use. In addition to patent exclusivity, the product candidates may be protected by regulatory exclusivities upon approval in some countries. For example, new chemical entities would receive a five year exclusivity period and new molecular entities would receive a 12 year exclusivity period in the United States, whereas new chemical and molecular entities would receive a 10 year exclusivity period in Europe. (2) See Significant Developments for additional information regarding the termination of our collaboration agreement with Kyowa Kirin. 21 Phases 2 and 3 Program Descriptions The following provides additional information about selected products and product candidates that have advanced into human clinical trials. Blinatumomab Blinatumomab is an anti-CD19 x anti-CD3 BiTE molecule. It is being investigated for the treatment of both refractory rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus with and without nephritis. BLINCYTO BLINCYTO is an anti-CD19 x anti-CD3 BiTE molecule. It is being investigated for the treatment of newly diagnosed adults with B-ALL. Daxdilimab Daxdilimab is a fully human monoclonal antibody against ILT7 that depletes certain dendritic cells. It is being investigated for the treatment of both dermatomyositis and anti-synthetase inflammatory myositis and discoid lupus erythematosus. Dazodalibep Dazodalibep is a fusion protein binding CD40L on T cells, blocking their interaction with CD40-expressing B cells. It is being investigated for the treatment of Sj gren s disease. IMDELLTRA/IMDYLLTRA IMDELLTRA/IMDYLLTRA is an anti-DLL3 x anti-CD3 BiTE molecule. It is being investigated for the treatment of small cell lung cancer. See Significant Developments for additional information regarding clinical trial updates. Inebilizumab Inebilizumab is a humanized, affinity-optimized, afucosylated IgG1 kappa (IgG1 ) monoclonal antibody that binds to the B cell-specific surface antigen CD19. It is being investigated as a treatment for patients with systemic lupus erythematosus with nephritis. LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS is a KRAS G12C small molecule inhibitor. It is being investigated in colorectal cancer, NSCLC and other solid tumor cancers. Maridebart cafraglutide MariTide is a differentiated antibody-peptide conjugate that activates the GLP-1 receptor and antagonizes the GIPR. It is being investigated for the treatment of chronic weight management, cardiovascular disease, heart failure, obstructive sleep apnea and Type 2 diabetes. See Significant Developments for additional information regarding clinical trial updates. Nplate Nplate is a thrombopoietin receptor agonist (TPO-RA). It is being investigated for the treatment of chemotherapy-induced thrombocytopenia (CIT). Olpasiran Olpasiran is a small interfering RNA (siRNA) that lowers lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)). It is being investigated for the treatment of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). Pegloticase Pegloticase is a PEGylated uricase approved for the treatment of uncontrolled gout by intravenous administration. It is being investigated for subcutaneous administration when co-administered with methotrexate. Repatha Repatha is a human monoclonal antibody that inhibits PCSK9. See Significant Developments for additional information regarding clinical trial updates. 22 Rocatinlimab Rocatinlimab is a monoclonal antibody that inhibits OX-40. It is being investigated in Phase 3 studies for the treatment of moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis and prurigo nodularis. It is also being investigated in a Phase 2 study for the treatment of moderate-to-severe asthma. See Significant Developments for additional information regarding the termination of our collaboration agreement with Kyowa Kirin. TEPEZZA TEPEZZA is a monoclonal antibody against IGF-1R. It is being investigated for subcutaneous administration for the treatment of TED and chronic/low clinical activity score TED in Japan. TEZSPIRE TEZSPIRE is a human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the action of thymic stromal lymphopoietin. It is being investigated for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and eosinophilic esophagitis. TEZSPIRE is being developed in collaboration with AstraZeneca. Xaluritamig Xaluritamig is an anti-six transmembrane epithelial antigen of the prostate 1 (STEAP1) x anti-CD3 XmAb BiTE molecule. It is being investigated for the treatment of prostate cancer. ABP 206 ABP 206, a biosimilar candidate to OPDIVO , is a monoclonal antibody that binds to the receptor protein called programmed death protein 1 (PD-1). ABP 234 ABP 234, a biosimilar candidate to KEYTRUDA , is a monoclonal antibody that binds to the receptor protein PD-1. It is being investigated in a Phase 3 study for biosimilarity to KEYTRUDA . The reference-product primary condition is NSCLC. ABP 692 ABP 692, a biosimilar candidate to OCREVUS , is a monoclonal antibody that binds to CD20, which is a protein found on the surface of B-cells. AMG 104 AMG 104 is a human anti-TSLP Fab. It is being investigated for the treatment of asthma and is being developed in collaboration with AstraZeneca. AMG 193 AMG 193 is a small molecule methylthioadenosine (MTA) cooperative protein arginine methyltransferase 5 (PRMT5) inhibitor. It is being investigated for the treatment of NSCLC. AMG 329 AMG 329 is a fully human monoclonal antibody that binds and neutralizes the function of the FLT3-ligand, thereby reducing both conventional and plasmacytoid dendritic cells. It is being investigated for the treatment of Sj gren s disease. AMG 732 AMG 732 is a monoclonal antibody against IGF-1R. It is being investigated for the treatment of TED. 23 Business Relationships From time to time, we enter into business relationships, including joint ventures and collaborative arrangements, for the R D, manufacture and/or commercialization of products and/or product candidates. In addition, we acquire product and R D technology rights and establish R D collaborations with third parties to enhance our strategic position within our industry by strengthening and diversifying our R D capabilities, product pipeline and marketed-product base. These arrangements generally provide for nonrefundable upfront license fees, development and commercial-performance milestone payments, cost sharing, royalties and/or profit sharing. The activities under these collaboration agreements are performed with no guarantee of either technological or commercial success, and each is unique in nature. Trade secret protection for our unpatented confidential and proprietary information is important to us. To protect our trade secrets, we generally require counterparties to execute confidentiality agreements upon commencement of a business relationship with us. However, others could either develop independently the same or similar information or unlawfully obtain access to our information. AstraZeneca plc We are in a collaboration with AstraZeneca for the development and commercialization of TEZSPIRE. 1 Under our collaboration, both companies share global costs, profits and losses equally after payment by AstraZeneca of a mid-single-digit royalty to Amgen. AstraZeneca leads global development. In North America, Amgen, as the principal, recognizes product sales of TEZSPIRE in the United States, and AstraZeneca, as the principal, recognizes product sales of TEZSPIRE in Canada. AstraZeneca leads commercialization for TEZSPIRE outside North America. Amgen manufactures and supplies TEZSPIRE worldwide. UCB We are in a collaboration with UCB for the development and commercialization of EVENITY. Under our collaboration, UCB has rights to lead commercialization for EVENITY in most countries in Europe. Amgen, as the principal, leads commercialization for EVENITY and recognizes product sales in all other territories, including the United States. Global development costs and commercialization profits and losses related to the collaboration are shared equally. Amgen manufactures and supplies EVENITY worldwide. BeOne Medicines Ltd. In January 2020, we acquired an equity stake in BeOne for approximately $2.8 billion in cash as part of a collaboration agreement to expand our oncology presence in China. For additional information regarding our equity investment in BeOne, see Part IV Note 10, Investments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Under the collaboration, BeOne began selling XGEVA in 2020, BLINCYTO in 2021 and KYPROLIS in 2022 in China, and Amgen shares profits and losses equally during the product-specific commercialization periods. Following entry into an amendment to this collaboration by Amgen and BeOne on November 11, 2025, BeOne will retain the right to commercialize XGEVA, BLINCYTO and KYPROLIS in China for so long as such products are sold in China. Amgen manufactures and supplies the collaboration products to BeOne. In addition, we jointly develop a portion of our oncology portfolio with BeOne, which shares in global R D costs by providing cash and development services of up to $1.25 billion. Upon regulatory approval, BeOne will assume commercialization rights in China for a specified period, and Amgen and BeOne will share profits and losses equally until certain of these product rights revert to Amgen. Upon return of the product rights, Amgen will pay royalties to BeOne on sales in China for a specified period. For product sales outside China, Amgen also pays royalties to BeOne. For financial information about our significant collaborative arrangements, see Part IV Note 9, Collaborations, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 1 We are also in a collaboration with AstraZeneca for the development of AMG 104. See Research and Development and Selected Product Candidates section above. 24 Human Capital Resources Overview Amgen s approach to human capital resource management starts with our mission to serve patients. We strive to serve patients by transforming the promise of science and biotechnology into therapies that have the power to restore health or save lives. The complexities of our industry along with the challenges of running an enterprise focused on the discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization of innovative medicines, require a highly engaged and committed workforce. As of December 31, 2025, Amgen had approximately 31,500 staff members in over 50 countries, including approximately 13,000 staff members outside the United States, and we continue to experience overall low turnover rates. We also supplement our workforce with independent contractors, contingent workers and temporary workers, as needed. Outside of the United States, some of our employees are represented by unions or works councils. We consider our staff relations to be good, supported by regular assessments of staff engagement surveys on a wide range of topics (including flexible work environments, career development, and maintaining a culture of compliance). Our engagement scores were above general market benchmarks in 2025. We discuss the results of these surveys with our workforce and our Board of Directors. Reflecting our staff members desire to retain a flexible approach to work, we offer a flexible workspace initiative that enables many employees to work together with their manager to determine the location that best enables their work at hand, supporting virtual work as well as working in person. Compensation, Benefits and Development Our approach to employee compensation and benefits is designed to deliver cash, equity and benefit programs that are competitive with those offered by leading companies in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, and to attract, motivate and retain talent with a focus on encouraging performance, promoting accountability and adherence to our values and alignment with the interests of the Company s stockholders. Our base pay program aims to compensate staff members relative to the value of the contributions of their role, which takes into account the skills, knowledge and abilities required to perform each position, as well as the experience brought to the job. We also provide annual incentive programs to reward our staff in alignment with achievement of Company-wide goals that are established annually and designed to drive aspects of our strategic priorities that support and advance our strategy across our Company and are intended to positively position us for both near- and long-term success. The majority of our staff members are also eligible for equity award grants under our long-term incentive program that are designed to align the interests of our staff members with those of our stockholders. For senior level staff, a significant proportion of equity award value is dependent on Company performance. All staff participate in a regular performance measurement process through which staff receive performance and development feedback, and pay is aligned to performance. Our values and leadership attributes are an integral part of the performance assessments of our staff members, and these evaluations serve as an important information tool and basis for promotion and compensation decisions. Our staff receive, and are guided by, regular trainings that help them understand what is expected of them. Further, to support the development of our staff, we provide a variety of programs, including leadership development programs, classroom-based and virtual instructor-led courses, and self-paced learning options as well as mentoring, networking and coaching opportunities. In 2025, we invested in general upskilling of our staff on skills for the future, including topics such as AI. We also maintain a global talent marketplace that enables staff to contribute to work beyond their core responsibilities, providing opportunities to broaden professional networks, support organizational priorities and develop additional skills. Our benefit programs are generally broad-based, promote health and overall well-being and emphasize saving for retirement. All regular U.S. staff members are eligible to participate in the same core health and welfare and retirement savings plans. Other U.S. employee benefits include adoption assistance, paid parental leave programs, access to childcare, employee assistance programs, employee stock purchase plan, flexible spending accounts, life insurance, long-term care and business travel accident insurance, short and long-term disability benefits, wellness benefits and work-life resources and referrals. Comparable programs and benefits are available globally, with the same health and well-being intent, and consistent with local statutory requirements. Our Compensation and Management Development Committee provides oversight of our compensation plans, policies and programs. Total Workforce Health Creating a safe and healthy workplace for our staff is an important priority at Amgen. Our goal is to have a world class safety record through safety leadership, engaged staff, risk management practices and integrating safety throughout our 25 business processes. We provide job-specific safety training tailored to each role, and to foster our safety culture, we implement a comprehensive safety program and reinforce desired safety behaviors, driving to understand and mitigate the root cause of safety incidents and manage and control variability. We track injuries and near-miss incidents through our incident tracking system, and we use leading indicators to assess the effectiveness of our safety programs and make course corrections as needed. Additionally, we perform formal executive management review of functional safety performance for Operations, Global Commercial Operations and R D on a quarterly basis with a focus on identifying early signals and taking action to drive continuous improvement. Our CRCC provides general oversight of our safety programs and initiatives. Culture We believe that our culture helps attract and retain a strong and engaged workforce informed by the varied experiences represented, which fosters innovation, collaboration and productivity as we execute on our mission to serve patients. A cross-functional, executive-level council, which includes our CEO, regularly discusses matters related to workplace culture and, as appropriate, takes actions to support and evolve Amgen s culture. In our effort to attract and retain the best talent, we seek out and support talent across the globe. As part of our multidimensional hiring and talent development strategy, our Apprenticeship Program launched in 2023 in our Manufacturing and ATMOS functions and expanded to include another cohort of apprentices at our North Carolina site in January 2025. Our Apprenticeship Program is a skills-based approach and is designed to invest in our future workforce through attracting, hiring and upskilling non-four-year degreed talent in the United States. Through the Apprenticeship Program, we provide individuals with classroom-based and on-the-job training as well as mentorship opportunities needed to develop proficiency in targeted business areas and roles. Multiple cohorts are underway across various sites, including a new 18 month manufacturing apprenticeship at Amgen North Carolina, which serves as a key talent pipeline. We believe that our Apprenticeship Program and other skills-based approaches to hiring provide us with access to a larger pool of highly motivated and productive talent while also providing greater access to jobs in innovative sectors of the economy. Our Compensation and Management Development Committee oversees our labor and employment policies, programs and initiatives, including those relating to our talent strategy and culture. 26 Information about Our Executive Officers The executive officers of the Company as of February 13, 2026, are set forth below. Mr. Robert A. Bradway, age 63, has served as a director of the Company since 2011 and Chairman of the Board of Directors since 2013. Mr. Bradway has been the Company s President since 2010 and Chief Executive Officer since 2012. From 2010 to 2012, Mr. Bradway served as the Company s President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Bradway joined the Company in 2006 as Vice President, Operations Strategy, and served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2007 to 2010. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Bradway was a Managing Director at Morgan Stanley in London, where, beginning in 2001, he had responsibility for the firm s banking department and corporate finance activities in Europe. Mr. Bradway has been a director of The Boeing Company, an aerospace company and manufacturer of commercial airplanes, defense, space and securities systems, since 2016. He has served on the board of trustees of the University of Southern California since 2014. Dr. James E. Bradner, age 53, became Executive Vice President, Research and Development, in 2023 and also served as the Company s Chief Scientific Officer from 2023 to 2024. Prior to joining the Company, in 2023, Dr. Bradner was a clinician at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, a comprehensive cancer treatment and research institution, and a principal teaching affiliate at Harvard Medical School. From 2016 to 2022, Dr. Bradner served as President of the Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, the research and early development organizational unit of Novartis AG, where he was a member of the Executive Committee. Dr. Bradner previously served on the faculty at Harvard Medical School. Mr. Murdo Gordon, age 59, became Executive Vice President, Global Commercial Operations, in 2018. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Gordon was Chief Commercial Officer at Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMS), a pharmaceutical company, from 2016 to 2018. Mr. Gordon served as Head of Worldwide Markets at BMS from 2015 to 2016. Prior to this, Mr. Gordon served in a variety of leadership roles at BMS for more than 25 years. Mr. Jonathan P. Graham, age 65, became Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Secretary in 2019. Mr. Graham joined the Company in 2015 to serve as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Prior to joining Amgen, from 2006 to 2015, Mr. Graham was Senior Vice President and General Counsel at Danaher Corporation. From 2004 to 2006, Mr. Graham was Vice President, Litigation and Legal Policy, at General Electric Company (GE). Prior to GE, Mr. Graham was a partner at Williams Connolly LLP. Mr. Peter H. Griffith, age 67, became Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 2020. Mr. Griffith joined the Company in 2019 as Executive Vice President, Finance. Prior to joining Amgen, Mr. Griffith was President of Sherwood Canyon Group, LLC, a private equity firm. From 1997 to 2019, Mr. Griffith was a partner at EY, an accounting and professional services firm, and served in a variety of senior leadership roles, with his last position being Global Vice Chair, Corporate Development. Prior to EY, Mr. Griffith was a Managing Director and head of the investment banking division of Wedbush Securities Inc. Ms. Nancy A. Grygiel, age 58, became Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer in 2020. Ms. Grygiel joined the Company in 2015 and has held leadership roles within the worldwide compliance and business ethics organization, including as Vice President, Compliance, from 2016 to 2020. Prior to joining Amgen, from 2011 to 2015, Ms. Grygiel served as Vice President, Compliance, Corporate International, at Allergan, Inc. (Allergan). Prior to Allergan, Ms. Grygiel held several management positions at Mylan Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Ms. Rachna Khosla, age 53, became Senior Vice President, Business Development, in 2021. Ms. Khosla joined the Company in 2013 and has held leadership roles in corporate development, licensing, and mergers and acquisitions, including as Vice President Business Development, from 2018 to 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Khosla was a Director at Lazard Ltd. (Lazard) responsible for healthcare mergers and acquisitions. Prior to Lazard, Ms. Khosla held various roles in investment banking (mergers and acquisitions) and corporate venture capital at Credit Suisse Group AG, Sanofi Aventis, Aventis Capital, J.P. Morgan Chase Co., and Salomon Brothers, Inc. Mr. Derek Miller, age 53, became Senior Vice President, Human Resources, in 2022. Mr. Miller joined the Company in 2003 and has held human resources leadership roles of increasing responsibility during his tenure. Mr. Miller s experience spans each of the Company s major business functions, including Vice President, Global Total Rewards, from 2020 to 2022 and Vice President, Human Resources, from 2018 to 2020. 27 Dr. David M. Reese, age 63, became the Company s inaugural Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer in 2023, responsible for accelerating the use of technology and artificial intelligence across the organization. From 2018 to 2023, Dr. Reese served as Executive Vice President, Research and Development. Dr. Reese joined the Company in 2005 and has held leadership roles in development, translational, and medical sciences, and discovery research, including as Senior Vice President, Translational Sciences and Oncology, from 2017 to 2018. Prior to joining Amgen, Dr. Reese was a cofounder, president, and chief medical officer of Translational Oncology Research International, a not-for-profit academic clinical research organization, and director of Clinical Research at the Breast Cancer International Research Group. Dr. Reese previously served on the faculty at the University of California, Los Angeles and the University of California, San Francisco. Mr. Esteban Santos, age 58, became Executive Vice President, Operations, in 2016. Mr. Santos joined the Company in 2007 and has held a number of leadership roles at the Company in engineering, manufacturing, site operations and drug product, including Senior Vice President, Manufacturing, from 2013 to 2016. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Santos served as Site General Manager of Johnson Johnson s (J J) Cordis operation in Puerto Rico. Prior to J J, Mr. Santos held several management positions in GE s industrial and transportation businesses. Geographic Area Financial Information For financial information concerning the geographic areas in which we operate, see Part IV Note 3, Revenues, and Note 12, Property, plant and equipment, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Investor Information Financial and other information about us is available on our website at www.amgen.com. We make available on our website, free of charge, copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with or furnish it to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In addition, we have previously filed registration statements and other documents with the SEC. Any document we file may be inspected without charge at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. (These website addresses are not intended to function as hyperlinks, and the information contained in our website and in the SEC s website is not intended to be a part of this filing.) 28 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs and our management s assumptions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties our business faces. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as employment relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events and international operations. Further, additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may in the future materially and adversely affect our business, operations, liquidity and stock price. SUMMARY Risks Related to Government Regulations and Third-Party Policies Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability. Guidelines and recommendations published by various organizations can reduce the use of our products. We could be subject to additional tax liabilities, including from an adverse outcome in our ongoing tax dispute with the IRS and other tax examinations, enactment of the OECD minimum corporate tax rate agreement and the adoption and interpretation of new tax legislation, including OB3. Such tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability and results of operations. Our business may be affected by litigation and government investigations. Risks Related to Economic Conditions and Operating a Global Business Our efforts to collaborate with or acquire other companies, products, or technology, and to integrate the operations of companies or to support the products or technology we have acquired, may not be successful, and may result in unanticipated costs, delays or failures to realize the benefits of the transactions. A breakdown of our information technology systems, cyberattack or information security breach could significantly compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information technology systems, network-connected control systems and/or our data, interrupt the operation of our business and/or affect our reputation. Our sales and operations are subject to the risks of doing business internationally, including in new or emerging markets. We may not be able to access the capital and credit markets on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. Risks Related to Competition Our products face substantial competition and our product candidates are also likely to face substantial competition. Our intellectual property positions may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or we may fail to prevail in current and future intellectual property litigation. We currently face competition from biosimilars and generics and expect to face increasing competition from biosimilars and generics in the future. Concentration of sales at certain of our wholesaler distributors, and consolidation of private payers, such as insurers, and PBMs has negatively affected, and may continue to negatively affect, our business. Risks Related to Research and Development We may not be able to develop commercial products despite significant investments in R D. We must conduct clinical trials in humans before we commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications. Our current products and products in development cannot be sold without regulatory approval. 29 Some of our products are used with drug delivery or companion diagnostic devices that have their own regulatory, manufacturing and other risks. Some of our pharmaceutical pipeline and our commercial product sales rely on collaborations with third parties, which may adversely affect the development and sales of our products. Risks Related to Operations We perform a substantial majority of our commercial manufacturing activities at our facility in the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico and a substantial majority of our clinical manufacturing activities at our facility in Thousand Oaks, California; significant disruptions or production failures at these facilities could significantly impair our ability to supply our products or continue our clinical trials. We rely on third-party suppliers for certain of our raw materials, medical devices and components. Manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or delays could limit supply of our products and limit our product sales. Our business and operations may be negatively affected by the failure, or perceived failure, of achieving our sustainability objectives. The effects of global climate change and related natural disasters could negatively affect our business and operations. General Risk Factors Global economic conditions may negatively affect us and may magnify certain risks that affect our business. Our stock price is volatile. RISKS RELATED TO GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS AND THIRD-PARTY POLICIES Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability. Sales of our products depend on the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers, including government healthcare programs and private insurance plans. Governments and private payers continue to pursue initiatives to manage drug utilization and contain costs. Payers are increasingly focused on costs, which has resulted, and is expected to continue to result, in lower reimbursement rates for our products and/or narrower patient populations for which payers will reimburse. Continued intense public scrutiny of the price of drugs and other healthcare costs, together with payer dynamics, have limited, and are likely to continue to limit, our ability to set or adjust the price of our products based on their value, which can have a material adverse effect on our business. In the United States, a number of legislative and regulatory proposals have been introduced and/or signed into law to lower drug prices. These include the IRA that enables the U.S. government to set prices for certain drugs in Medicare, redesigns Medicare Part D benefits to shift a greater proportion of the costs to manufacturers and health plans, and enables the U.S. government to impose penalties if drug prices are increased at a rate faster than inflation (IRA Inflation Penalties). On July 4, 2025, OB3 was enacted and included several changes to Medicare, Medicaid and Affordable Care Act policies, including provisions affecting eligibility, that, when implemented, are expected to adversely affect coverage and reimbursement for our products. On May 12, 2025, the Administration issued the Most-Favored-Nations (MFN) Prescription Drug Pricing Executive Order (MFN EO) aimed at using price benchmarks from other developed countries to set U.S. pricing targets. Subsequently, on July 31, 2025 the Administration sent letters to many pharmaceutical manufacturers, including Amgen (the July MFN Letter) as further described below, outlining steps that such manufacturers could take to advance actions consistent with elements of the MFN EO. In December 2025, we announced that we are taking actions that satisfy the components outlined in the July MFN Letter, including the Administration s MFN pricing requests. Further, the Administration has called on Congress to enact legislation that would codify the terms that the Administration arrived at with recipients of the July MFN Letter (the MFN Terms). The details of such legislative framework are unknown and, if enacted, such legislation could apply to a broader range of products, payers or pricing arrangements for a longer period than those resulting from the MFN Terms. Additional proposals focused on drug pricing continue to be debated, and additional executive orders or regulatory initiatives focused on drug pricing and competition may be adopted and implemented in some form. It remains unclear what further policies, legislation and/or actions the Administration, Congress, or state governments will advance with respect to other drug pricing proposals or other healthcare regulations affecting pharmaceuticals, including the MFN EO, IRA and OB3 implementation, trade policies, or state laws affecting the 340B Program or Medicaid reimbursement that could ultimately be adopted more broadly. To the extent such actions reduce or modify coverage or reimbursement for our products, increase rebates or other costs, constrain pricing decisions, or otherwise limit product use, they would have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 30 Changing U.S. federal coverage and reimbursement policies and practices have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, access to, pricing of, and sales of our products A substantial proportion of our U.S. business relies on reimbursement from federal government healthcare programs and commercial insurance plans regulated by federal and state governments. See Item 1. Business Reimbursement. Our business has been, and will continue to be, affected by legislative actions changing U.S. federal reimbursement policy. For example, the IRA includes provisions requiring mandatory pricing in Medicare for certain drugs under Parts B and D (starting with 10 drugs effective January 1, 2026, adding 15 in 2027 and 2028, and adding 20 in 2029 and subsequent years such that, by 2031, approximately 100 drugs would be subject to such set prices). CMS has set Medicare Part D prices for ENBREL, effective January 1, 2026, and Otezla, effective January 2027, in each case at significantly lower prices that are expected to negatively impact their profitability in Medicare. See Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of operations Product sales . Further, CMS has issued guidance that allows for the re-setting of prices for drugs for which it previously set a price. Depending on the growth and success of our medicines, other of our medicines may also be subject to selection by CMS in the next, or in a future, cycle of mandatory Medicare price setting, we may be required to accept a price set by the government for Medicare using the process that was applied to ENBREL and Otezla. On April 15, 2025, the Administration issued an executive order (the April 2025 EO) that, among other directives, directs HHS to work with Congress to align the treatment of small molecule drugs and biologics in the Medicare price setting program under the IRA. It is currently unclear how such modifications would affect the timeframe in which Medicare price setting becomes applicable for selected drugs or biologics. Also under the IRA, Medicare Part D was redesigned to cap beneficiary out-of-pocket costs and reduce Federal reinsurance in the catastrophic phase; increasing cost-sharing obligations for Part D plans and manufacturers, including by requiring manufacturer discounts. Further, the IRA inflation penalties allow CMS to collect rebates from manufacturers if Medicare price increases outpace inflation, and several of our products have been subject to such IRA inflation rebates. The IRA s Medicare price setting and Medicare redesign have had, and are likely to have, an adverse effect on our sales, our business and our results of operations, and such impact is expected to increase through the end of the decade and will depend on factors including the extent of our portfolio s exposure to Medicare reimbursement, the rate of inflation over time, the number of our products selected for Medicare price setting and the timing of market entry of generic or biosimilar competition. Further, following the enactment of the IRA, the environment remains dynamic, and U.S. policymakers continue to demonstrate interest in health care and drug pricing changes as well as potential changes affecting intellectual property. For example, in April 2024, CMS finalized policy changes that will give Part D plans more flexibility to substitute biosimilars for innovator products on formularies in 2025. Implementation of OB3 also may impact access to and reimbursement of our products. For example, the Congressional Budget Office has projected that the OB3 will result in significant reductions in federal Medicaid spending over the next decade and an increase in the number of people without health insurance. These developments would place greater stress on state budgets and hospital finances, and could result in reduced access to medicines, additional pressure to further discount medicines and further growth of 340B Program utilization. The MFN EO directs HHS to pursue pricing policies that align U.S. drug prices with the prices available in certain comparably developed countries and directs a range of actions to advance that objective, including through regulatory, trade and other policy measures. In July 2025, the Administration delivered the July MFN Letter to us and a number of other manufacturers that called for drug manufacturers to: 1) extend MFN pricing to Medicaid; 2) guarantee MFN pricing to Medicaid, Medicare and commercial payers on all newly launched drugs; 3) use future increased revenues from outside the U.S. to lower U.S. drug prices; and 4) participate in direct-to-patient models to provide MFN pricing for certain drugs. Since the issuance of the July MFN Letter, most recipients have announced that they have reached agreement with the Administration to address the matters described in the letter. In December 2025, we announced that we are taking actions that satisfy the components outlined in the July MFN Letter, including the Administration s MFN pricing requests. We also announced the expansion of our direct-to-patient program. While this development reflects ongoing engagement on pricing policy, the ultimate effects on our pricing, reimbursement, net sales and profitability remain uncertain in light of evolving regulatory and policy expectations. We also face risks related to the reporting of pricing data that affects reimbursement of and discounts provided for our products. U.S. government price reporting regulations are complex and may require biopharmaceutical manufacturers to update certain previously submitted data. If our submitted pricing data are incorrect, we may become subject to substantial fines and penalties or other government enforcement actions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, as a result of restating previously reported price data, we may be required to pay additional rebates and provide additional discounts. Changing reimbursement and pricing actions in various states have negatively affected, and may continue to negatively affect, access to, and have affected, and may continue to affect, sales of our products At the state level, legislation, government actions and ballot initiatives can also affect how our products are covered and reimbursed and/or create additional pressure on our pricing decisions. Existing and proposed state pricing laws, which may move forward more rapidly than similar efforts at the federal level, have added complexity to the pricing of drugs. A number of states have adopted, and many other states are considering, PDABs, drug importation programs, reference pricing schemes and 31 other drug pricing actions, including proposals designed to require biopharmaceutical manufacturers to report to the state proprietary pricing information or provide advance notice of certain price increases. States continue to pursue laws related to price controls, referencing the IRA and seeking to regulate and prohibit restrictions on the 340B Program. For example, following the passage of the IRA, bills have been proposed in multiple states that would apply the drug price caps set by HHS for Medicare to drug prices in an individual state, and such references to IRA price caps have also been included in PDAB legislation. For Medicaid patients, states have established a Medicaid drug spending cap (New York) and implemented a new review and supplemental rebate negotiation process (Massachusetts). Eight states (Colorado, Maine, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Maryland, Minnesota, Oregon and Washington) have enacted laws that establish PDABs to identify drugs that pose affordability challenges, and four such states include authority for the state PDABs to set upper payment limits on certain drugs for in-state patients, payers and providers. In 2025, Maryland expanded the scope of its PDAB law to include the commercial market. The eight states with enacted PDAB laws are in various phases of implementation, with Colorado s PDAB being the furthest along. The Colorado PDAB deemed three of five drugs unaffordable, including ENBREL, and in October 2025 the Colorado PDAB established an Upper Payment Limit (UPL) substantially lower than the wholesale acquisition cost of ENBREL that would be generally applicable to all formulations of ENBREL, effective no earlier than January 1, 2027, and will be reviewed annually. On July 16, 2025, Washington state s PDAB selected ENBREL for one of its first affordability reviews. Following the timeline and process established by the state for such affordability review, the manufacturer and the PDAB will undertake a number of required interactions. However, the Washington state PDAB may not establish a UPL for any prescription drug before January 1, 2027. Further, inappropriate expanded utilization of the 340B Program from broadened application of the 340B discounts has had, and is expected to continue to have, a negative impact on the Company s product sales, business and results of operations. Twenty states (Louisiana, Arkansas, West Virginia, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Maryland, North Dakota, South Dakota, Utah, Nebraska, New Mexico, Colorado, Tennessee, Oregon, Vermont, Hawaii, Oklahoma, Rhode Island and Maine) have enacted laws with mandates on manufacturers participating in the 340B Program, and, in 2025, no fewer than 30 states have introduced similar legislation. These bills vary, but typically include provisions restricting a manufacturer s ability to direct drugs in 340B channels, recognizing 340B contract pharmacies and a prohibition on requiring the inclusion of 340B claims modifiers. With OB3 s reductions to federal Medicaid funding to states, increased pressure is anticipated for providers to find and preserve existing revenue sources at the state level, which may result in increased use of 340B contract pharmacy mandates. In Genesis Health Care, Inc. v. Becerra , the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina issued an order in November 2023 enjoining the Health Resources and Services Administration from enforcing a more restrictive interpretation against Genesis Health Care as to who qualifies as a patient under the 340B Program, which could, if adopted more broadly, affect the scope of eligibility for 340B discounts. Since this decision, various courts have reached differing conclusions on challenges to state laws regulating aspects of the 340B Program, with some courts declining to enjoin such laws and others granting relief to challengers. Certain appellate courts have issued decisions both upholding certain state 340B statues and affirming the denial of preliminary injunctive relief to manufacturers, while litigation and appeals concerning the validity, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws remain ongoing. Additionally, in 2024, the FDA authorized Florida to move forward with its importation program proposal, though the state has not yet completed any significant steps towards importation within the two-year authorization window. Colorado, Maine, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Texas and Vermont have also enacted state importation laws, and some have submitted plans for approval to the FDA. Other states could adopt similar approaches or could pursue different policy changes in a continuing effort to reduce their costs. Further, the April 2025 EO also directs HHS to, within 90 days, streamline and improve the drug importation program to ease the process for states to obtain drug importation approvals. On May 21, 2025, the FDA issued a press release indicating it was taking steps to enhance state importation programs and would offer individual states and tribes the opportunity to submit draft proposals for pre-review and to meet with the agency to obtain initial feedback prior to formally submitting importation proposals. While under federal law biologics remain exempt from such state importation activities, our small molecule products could be impacted by these initiatives. Ultimately, existing or future state government actions or ballot initiatives may also have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. U.S. commercial payer actions have affected, and may continue to affect, access to and sales of our products Payers, including healthcare insurers, PBMs, integrated healthcare delivery systems (vertically-integrated organizations built from consolidations of healthcare insurers and PBMs) and group purchasing organizations, are continuing to seek ways to further reduce their costs. With increasing frequency, payers are adopting benefit plan changes that shift a greater proportion of drug costs to patients. Such measures include more limited benefit plan designs, high deductible plans, higher patient co-pay or coinsurance obligations and more significant limitations on patients use of manufacturer commercial co-pay assistance programs. Further, government regulation of payers may affect these trends. Payers, including PBMs, have sought, and continue to seek, price discounts or rebates in connection with the placement of our products on their formularies or those they 32 manage, and to also impose restrictions on access to, or usage of, our products (such as Step Therapy), require that patients receive the payer s prior authorization before covering the product, and/or to exclude certain indications for which our products are approved. Further, significant consolidation in the health insurance industry has resulted in a few large insurers and PBMs, which places greater pressure on pricing and usage negotiations with biopharmaceutical manufacturers, significantly increasing discount and rebate requirements and limiting patient access and usage. See Concentration of sales at certain of our wholesaler distributors, and consolidation of private payers, such as insurers, and PBMs has negatively affected, and may continue to negatively affect, our business. This high degree of consolidation among insurers, PBMs and other payers, including integrated healthcare delivery systems and/or with specialty or mail-order pharmacies and pharmacy retailers, has increased the negotiating leverage such entities have over us and other biopharmaceutical manufacturers and has resulted in greater price discounts, rebates and service fees realized by those payers from our business. Our business is also affected by policies implemented by private healthcare entities that process Medicare claims, including Medicare Administrative Contractors. Each of CVS, Express Scripts and United Health Group (among the top six integrated health plans and PBMs) have Rebate Management Organizations that further increase their leverage to negotiate deeper discounts on their behalf and for the benefit of their other customers. Ultimately, additional discounts, rebates, fees, coverage changes, plan changes, restrictions or exclusions imposed by these commercial payers could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. See Concentration of sales at certain of our wholesaler distributors, and consolidation of private payers, such as insurers, and PBMs has negatively affected, and may continue to negatively affect, our business. Government and commercial payer actions outside the United States have affected and will continue to affect access to and sales of our products Outside the United States, we expect countries will also continue to take actions to reduce their drug expenditures and to reduce intellectual property protections. See Item 1. Business Reimbursement. Pressures to decrease drug expenditures may intensify as governments take actions to address budgets strained by high inflation and weak economic conditions, including in Europe, where sustained fiscal pressures continue to challenge public healthcare systems. In addition, policies under consideration or adopted in the United States that reference or tie drug prices to those paid in foreign jurisdictions, including through most-favored-nation or similar pricing approaches, could increase the significance of pricing decisions in such foreign jurisdictions. Further, the EU is currently undergoing a review and revision of its general pharmaceutical legislation that, while full implementation is not expected before 2027, has led to proposals that would reduce intellectual property protection for new products (including potentially shortening the duration of regulatory data exclusivity and orphan drug exclusivity protections), as well as change the reimbursement and regulatory landscape. International reference pricing has been widely used by many countries outside the United States to control costs. International reference pricing policies can change quickly and frequently and may not reflect differences in the burden of disease, indications, market structures or affordability across countries or regions. Other expenditure control practices, including the use of revenue clawbacks, rebates and caps on product sales, are also used in various foreign jurisdictions. In addition, countries may refuse to reimburse, or may restrict the reimbursed population for a product, when their national health technology assessments do not consider a medicine to demonstrate sufficient clinical benefit beyond existing therapies or to meet certain cost effectiveness thresholds. For example, despite the EMA s approval of Repatha for the treatment of patients with established atherosclerotic disease, prior to 2020, the reimbursement of Repatha in France was limited to a narrower patient population (such as those with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH)) following a national health technology assessment. Many countries decide on reimbursement between potentially competing products through national or regional tenders that often result in one product receiving most, or all of, the sales in that country or region. Failure to obtain coverage and reimbursement for our products, a deterioration in their existing coverage and reimbursement, or a decline in the timeliness or certainty of payment by payers to hospitals and other providers, has negatively affected, and may further negatively affect, the ability or willingness of healthcare providers to prescribe our products for their patients and otherwise negatively affect the use of our products or the prices we realize for them. Such failures and changes have had, and could in the future have, a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. Guidelines and recommendations published by various organizations can reduce the use of our products. Government agencies promulgate regulations and guidelines directly applicable to us and to our products. Professional societies, practice management groups, insurance carriers, physicians groups, private health and science foundations and organizations involved in various diseases also publish guidelines and recommendations to healthcare providers, administrators and payers, as well as patient communities. Recommendations by government agencies or other groups and organizations may relate to such matters as usage, dosage, route of administration and use of related therapies. In addition, a growing number of organizations are providing assessments of the value and pricing of biopharmaceutical products, and even organizations whose guidelines have historically been focused on clinical matters have begun to incorporate analyses of the cost effectiveness of various treatments into their treatment guidelines and recommendations. Value assessments may come from private organizations that publish their findings and offer recommendations relating to the products reimbursement by government and 33 private payers. Some companies and payers have announced pricing and payment decisions based in part on the assessments of private organizations. In addition, government health technology assessment organizations in many countries make reimbursement recommendations to payers in their jurisdictions based on the clinical effectiveness, cost-effectiveness and service effects of new, emerging and existing medicines and treatments. Such health technology assessment organizations have recommended , and may in the future recommend, reimbursement for certain of our products for a narrower indication than was approved by applicable regulatory agencies or may recommend against reimbursement entirely. See Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability . The EU has adopted and begun implementing Regulation 2021/2282 on Health Technology Assessment, which establishes a permanent framework for cooperation among EU member states on joint clinical assessments and scientific consultations of health technologies, with key provisions that became applicable in January 2025, and further phased implementation continuing through 2030. These and other such recommendations or guidelines may affect our reputation, and any recommendations or guidelines that result in decreased use, dosage or reimbursement of our products could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. In addition, the perception by the investment community or stockholders that such recommendations or guidelines will result in decreased use and dosage of our products could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. We could be subject to additional tax liabilities, including from an adverse outcome in our ongoing tax dispute with the IRS and other tax examinations, enactment of the OECD minimum corporate tax rate agreement and the adoption and interpretation of new tax legislation, including OB3. Such tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability and results of operations. We are subject to income and other taxes in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we do business. As a result, our provision for income taxes is derived from a combination of applicable tax rates in the various places we operate. Significant judgment is required for determining our provision for income tax. One or more of our legal entities file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various U.S. state jurisdictions and foreign jurisdictions. Our income tax returns are routinely examined by tax authorities in those jurisdictions. Significant disputes can and have arisen with tax authorities involving issues regarding the timing and amount of deductions, the use of tax credits and allocations of income and expenses among various tax jurisdictions because of differing interpretations of tax laws, regulations and relevant facts, and such tax authorities (including the IRS) are becoming more aggressive in its audits and are particularly focused on such matters. In 2017, we received an RAR and a modified RAR from the IRS for the years 2010 2012, proposing significant adjustments that primarily relate to the allocation of profits between certain of our entities in the United States and the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico. We disagreed with the proposed adjustments and calculations, and in 2021, we filed a petition in the U.S. Tax Court to contest two duplicate Statutory Notices of Deficiency (Notices) for the years 2010 2012. The Notices seek to increase our U.S. taxable income for the years 2010 2012. In 2020, we received an RAR and a modified RAR from the IRS for the years 2013 2015, also proposing significant adjustments that primarily relate to the allocation of profits between certain of our entities in the United States and the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico similar to those proposed for the years 2010 2012. We disagreed with the proposed adjustments and calculations, and in 2022, we filed a petition in the U.S. Tax Court to contest a Notice for the years 2013 2015. The Notice seeks to increase our U.S. taxable income for the years 2013 2015 and asserts penalties. We firmly believe that the IRS positions set forth in the 2010 2012 and 2013 2015 Notices are without merit. We continue to contest the 2010 2012 and 2013 2015 Notices through the judicial process. The two cases were consolidated in 2022. The trial began on November 4, 2024 and concluded on January 17, 2025. The parties filed opening post-trial briefs on June 13, 2025, and the Court held oral argument on July 16, 2025. The parties filed post-trial reply briefs on October 10, 2025. The Company expects a decision from the U.S. Tax Court no earlier than the second half of 2026. We are currently also under examination by the IRS for the years 2016 2018 with respect to issues similar to those for the 2010 through 2015 period. As a result of the audit, the IRS could propose adjustments or penalties that, in all or part, relate to issues in the 2010-2015 dispute. We expect that the IRS will begin its audit of 2019 2022 in the first half of 2026, and we believe that it may seek to continue to audit similar issues related to the allocation of income between the United States and our foreign jurisdictions. In addition, we are under examination by a number of state and foreign tax jurisdictions. Final resolution of these complex tax matters is not likely within the next 12 months. We continue to believe our accrual for income tax liabilities is appropriate based on past experience, interpretations of tax law, application of the tax law to our facts and judgments about potential actions by tax authorities; however, due to the complexity of the provision for income taxes and uncertain resolution of these matters, the ultimate outcome of any tax matters may result in payments substantially greater than amounts accrued and could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations. See Part II, Item 7. 34 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Income Taxes , and Part IV Note 7, Income taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our provision for income taxes and results of operations in the future could be adversely affected by changes to our operating structure, changes in the mix of income and expenses in countries with differing tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in applicable tax laws, regulations or administrative interpretations thereof. The 2017 Tax Act is complex and a large volume of regulations and guidance has been issued and could be subject to different interpretations. We could face audit challenges to our application of the 2017 Tax Act. As previously reported, the OECD reached an agreement to align countries on a minimum corporate tax rate and an expansion of the taxing rights of market countries. Select individual countries, including the United Kingdom, EU member countries, and Singapore, have enacted the global minimum tax agreement that took effect starting in 2024. On January 5, 2026, the OECD issued additional administrative guidance related to the global minimum tax agreement that exempts U.S. companies from extra territorial minimum taxes effective January 1, 2026. We are monitoring the potential 2026 impact of such administrative guidance as jurisdictions enact the new rules. Delays, modifications or repeal, in whole or in part, of the administrative guidance or the OECD agreement itself, either by all OECD participants or unilaterally by individual countries, could result in negative impacts on our overall tax rate. OB3 includes significant provisions related to taxation, such as the permanent extension of certain expiring provisions of the 2017 Tax Act, and modifications to the international tax framework. This legislation has multiple effective dates, with certain provisions effective in 2026 and beyond. While we have incorporated the impact of OB3 in our 2025 financial statements, the legislation is complex and guidance could be issued that could impact our 2025 or future U.S. taxes. Changes to existing tax law in the United States, the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico or other jurisdictions, including the changes and potential changes discussed above, could result in tax increases where we do business and could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations. Our business may be affected by litigation and government investigations. We and certain of our subsidiaries are involved in legal proceedings. See Part IV Note 20, Contingencies and commitments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Civil and criminal litigation is inherently unpredictable, and the outcome can result in costly verdicts, fines and penalties, exclusion from federal healthcare programs and/or injunctive relief that affect how we operate our business. Defense of litigation claims can be expensive, time consuming and distracting, and it is possible that we could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims for monetary damages or change the way we operate our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. In addition, product liability is a major risk in testing and marketing biotechnology and pharmaceutical products. We may face substantial product liability exposure in human clinical trials and for products we sell after regulatory approval. Product liability claims, regardless of their merits, could be costly and divert management s attention and could adversely affect our reputation and the demand for our products. We and certain of our subsidiaries have previously been, and currently are, named as defendants in product liability actions for certain of our products. We are also involved in government investigations that arise in the ordinary course of our business. In recent years, there has been a trend of increasing government investigations and litigations against companies operating in our industry, both in the United States and around the world. See Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability. Our business activities outside of the United States are subject to the FCPA and similar antibribery or anticorruption laws, regulations or rules of other countries in which we operate, including the U.K. Bribery Act. We cannot ensure that all our employees, agents, contractors, vendors, licensees, partners or collaborators will comply with all applicable laws and regulations. We entered into a corporate integrity agreement with the DOJ and the Office of Inspector General of the HHS to settle certain allegations relating to our support of independent charitable organizations that provide patients with financial assistance to access their medicines that required us to maintain a corporate compliance program and to undertake a set of defined corporate integrity obligations that we completed in 2024. While we fully complied with all of our obligations under the corporate integrity agreement, we may be subject to future corporate integrity agreements and failure to comply could result in substantial penalties and potential exclusion from government healthcare programs. We may also see new government investigations of or actions against us citing novel theories of recovery. For example, prosecutors are placing greater scrutiny on patient support programs, including commercial copay assistance programs, and further enforcement actions and investigations regarding such programs could limit our ability to provide co-pay assistance to commercial patients. Greater scrutiny has also been placed on sponsorships, speaker programs and other arrangements where healthcare professionals receive remuneration, travel or other value to participate in certain events, and further enforcement actions could adversely affect our ability to participate in such arrangements. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 35 RISKS RELATED TO ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND OPERATING A GLOBAL BUSINESS Our efforts to collaborate with or acquire other companies, products, or technology, and to integrate the operations of companies or to support the products or technology we have acquired, may not be successful, and may result in unanticipated costs, delays or failures to realize the benefits of the transactions. We seek innovation through significant investment in both internal R D and external transactions, including collaborations, partnerships, alliances, licenses, joint ventures, mergers and acquisitions (collectively, acquisition activity). Acquisition activities may be subject to regulatory approvals or other requirements that are not within our control. Antitrust scrutiny by regulatory agencies and changes to regulatory approval process in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions may cause approvals to take longer than anticipated to obtain, not be obtained at all, or contain burdensome conditions, which may jeopardize, delay or reduce the anticipated benefits of acquisitions to us and could impede the execution of our business strategy. There can be no assurance that such regulatory or other approvals will be obtained or that all closing conditions required in connection with our acquisition activities will be satisfied or waived, which could result in us being unable to complete the planned acquisition activities. Acquisition activities are complex, time consuming and expensive and may result in unanticipated costs, delays, or other operational or financial problems related to integrating the acquired company and business with our company, which may divert our management s attention from other business issues and opportunities may prevent us from realizing the anticipated benefits of such transactions within the expected timeframe or at all. We may pay substantial amounts of cash, incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for acquisition activities, which could adversely affect our liquidity or result in dilution to our stockholders, and could adversely affect our credit ratings and cost of capital. For example, the primary sources of funds for our acquisition of Horizon were those received from our $24 billion of senior notes issued on March 2, 2023, together with the $4 billion drawn down from our term loan facility, of which we repaid $2.2 billion, and while the Company currently has investment grade credit ratings and substantially returned to its pre-acquisition capital structure, when the Company incurred this substantial additional indebtedness the credit rating agencies downgraded our credit ratings. Further, failures or difficulties in integrating or retaining key personnel, or in integrating the operations of the businesses, products or assets we acquire (including related technology, research, development and commercial operations, compliance programs, manufacturing, distribution and general business operations and procedures and sustainability activities) may adversely affect our ability to realize the benefits of the transaction or grow our business, and may result in asset impairment or restructuring charges. These and other challenges may arise in connection with our acquisitions, including our acquisitions of ChemoCentryx, Horizon and Dark Blue Therapeutics and/or our collaborations with BeOne and Kyowa Kirin, or with other acquisition activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and stock price. We may not realize the anticipated strategic benefits of our acquisitions. Our assumptions and estimates about the future revenue growth of acquired products may prove to be incorrect. Business integrations generally are complex, time consuming and expensive, and we may experience unanticipated costs, delays or other operational or financial challenges. These integration efforts may also divert our management s attention and resources away from other business operations, which may disrupt to some degree our ongoing business. Failure to successfully fully integrate acquired businesses into ours and/or achieve anticipated strategic benefits may result in our incurring significant asset impairment or restructuring charges, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and stock price. A breakdown of our information technology systems, cyberattack or information security breach could significantly compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information technology systems, network-connected control systems and/or our data, interrupt the operation of our business and/or affect our reputation. To achieve our business objectives, we rely on sophisticated information technology systems, including hardware, software, technology infrastructure, online sites and networks for both internal and external operations, mobile applications, cloud services, artificial intelligence (AI)-enabled tools and systems, and network-connected control systems, some of which are managed, hosted, provided or serviced by third parties. Internal or external events that compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems and data may significantly interrupt the operation of our business, result in significant costs and/or adversely affect our reputation. Our information technology systems, including AI-enabled tools and systems are highly integrated into our business, including our R D efforts, our clinical and commercial manufacturing processes and our product sales and distribution processes. Further, as the majority of our employees work remotely for some portion of their jobs in our hybrid work environment, our reliance on our and third-party information technology systems has increased substantially and is expected to continue to increase. Remote and hybrid working arrangements, including those of many third-party providers, can increase cybersecurity risks due to the challenges associated with managing remote computing assets and security vulnerabilities that are 36 present in many non-corporate and home networks. The complexity and interconnected nature of software, hardware and our systems make them vulnerable to breakdown or other service interruptions, and to software errors or defects, misconfiguration and other security vulnerabilities. For example, in July 2024, businesses worldwide were affected by an information technology outage due to a faulty software update issued by a cybersecurity firm. Although our systems and operations were temporarily affected by the outage, the impact of this firm s faulty update on the Company was immaterial to our business operations. However, there can be no assurance that a future similar incident would not result in a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. Upgrades or changes to our systems or the software that we use have resulted and we expect, in the future, will result in the introduction of new cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks. In the past, we have identified security vulnerabilities introduced into our information systems arising from flaws in third-party software that we had purchased and installed, which required us to apply emergency patches to certain systems. While we did not experience any significant adverse effects as a result of these vulnerabilities, there can be no assurance that we will timely identify and address future vulnerabilities. Our systems are also subject to frequent perimeter network reconnaissance and scanning, phishing and other cyberattacks. For example, as a result of our cybersecurity monitoring of the Horizon legacy information systems, we detected phishing activity in the accounts of two Horizon executives. These accounts were de-activated, the incidents were investigated and the determination was made separately by both our internal cybersecurity team and our external digital forensics and incident response supplier that no confidential information had been exfiltrated, and the incidents are now closed. As the cyber-threat landscape evolves, these attacks are growing in frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect and increasingly sophisticated in using techniques and tools, including AI, that circumvent security controls, evade detection and remove forensic evidence. Such attacks include the use of harmful and virulent malware, including ransomware or other denials of service, which can be deployed through various means, including the software supply chain, e-mail, malicious websites and/or the use of social engineering/phishing, and/or AI to orchestrate and automate sophisticated cyberattacks, including the documented instance in which an AI agent was used to conduct a large-scale intrusion campaign, potentially lowering the barriers to high-speed, high-volume attacks. We have also experienced denial of service attacks against our network, and, although such attacks did not succeed, there can be no assurance that our efforts to guard against the wide and growing variety of potential attack techniques will be successful in the future. Attacks such as those experienced by government entities (including those that approve and/or regulate our products, such as the EMA) and other multi-national companies, including some of our peers, could leave us unable to utilize key business systems or access or protect important data, and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate our business, including developing, gaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing, selling and/or distributing our products. For example, in 2017, a pharmaceutical company experienced a cyberattack involving virulent malware that significantly disrupted its operations, including its research and sales operations and the production of some of its medicines and vaccines. As a result of the cyberattack, its orders and sales for certain products were negatively affected. In late 2020, SolarWinds Corporation, a leading provider of software for monitoring and managing information technology infrastructure, disclosed that it had suffered a cybersecurity incident whereby attackers had inserted malicious code into legitimate software updates for its products that were installed by myriad private and government customers, enabling the attackers to access a backdoor to such systems. We also rely on third-party providers for certain identity, authentication and access management services. In the past, a security incident affecting such a third-party provider exposed several hundred corporate customers to potential unauthorized access to systems and data. Although that breach did not have a significant effect on our business, there can be no assurance that a similar future breach would not result in a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. Our systems also contain and use a high volume of sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets and other proprietary business information, financial information, regulatory information, strategic plans, sales trends and forecasts, litigation materials and/or personal identifiable information belonging to us, our staff, our patients, customers and/or other parties. In some cases, we use third-party service providers to collect, process, store, manage or transmit such data, which has increased our risk. Intentional or inadvertent data privacy or security breaches (including cyberattacks) resulting from attacks or lapses by employees, service providers (including providers of information technology-specific services), business partners, nation states (including groups associated with or supported by foreign intelligence agencies), organized crime organizations, hacktivists or others, create risks that our sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons, our competitors or the public. Malicious actors, including those working under state-sponsored campaigns, have sought employment, often in remote information technology roles, as a means to gain inside access at targeted companies. In two separate incidents, the most recent of which occurred in 2025, individuals used fraudulent identification in connection with their hiring by the Company. While these individuals were detected and terminated before any data was extracted or malware installed, there can be no assurance that future attempts by similar actors will be unsuccessful. System vulnerabilities and/or cybersecurity breaches experienced by our third-party service providers have constituted a substantial share of the information security risks that have affected us. For example, in the past we have experienced cybersecurity incidents involving third-party service providers, including incidents in which unauthorized third parties accessed or exfiltrated certain information, including non-significant Amgen data and personally identifiable patient information, and we 37 have made required regulatory notifications in connection with certain such incidents. In November 2025, a third-party service provider had a cybersecurity incident in which Amgen-related information was accessed and disclosed by a threat actor that, upon review, did not involve information material to the Company. Although these supplier data breaches have not resulted in material adverse effects on our business, there can be no assurance that a similar future cybersecurity incident would not result in a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. Further, the timeliness of our awareness of a cybersecurity incident affects our ability to respond to and work to mitigate the severity of such events. For example, we have previously experienced incidents in which third-party vendors initially reported that cyberattacks did not involve our data but later determined that attackers had accessed limited, non-significant Amgen information. Although such incidents have not resulted in significant adverse effects on our business, future incidents in which we do not receive timely or complete information regarding the nature or scope of a cybersecurity event could impair our response and could have a material adverse effect on our business. Cyberattackers are also increasingly exploiting vulnerabilities in commercially available software from shared or open-source code. We rely on third party commercial software that have had and may have such vulnerabilities, but as use of open-source code is frequently not disclosed, our ability to fully assess this risk to our systems is limited. Although these vulnerabilities did not result in any significant adverse effects on us, there can be no assurances that a similar future vulnerability in the software and services that we use would not result in a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. Domestic and global government regulators, our business partners, suppliers with whom we do business, companies that provide us or our partners with business services and companies we have acquired or may acquire face similar risks. Security breaches of their systems or service outages have adversely affected systems and could, in the future, affect our systems and security, leave us without access to important systems, products, raw materials, components, services or information, or expose our confidential data or sensitive personal information. For example, we have experienced cybersecurity incidents at third-party vendors that provide testing, analytical, information technology and clinical data services, which required us to temporarily disconnect our systems from those vendors. Although these incidents did not result in breaches of our systems or significantly affect product availability, a prolonged or more widespread service outage affecting these or other vendors, particularly where a vendor is a single source for critical services, could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. In 2024, Change Healthcare, a large U.S. insurance claim and co-pay card processing clearinghouse, experienced a ransomware attack that has caused significant disruptions to healthcare provider and pharmacy operations. While Change Healthcare does not directly provide us with services, disruptions to co-pay card support, insurance billing and Medicaid rebate processing led to lost sales and required us to take action to help patients access their medications and to provide extended payment terms to certain customers. Although services have been rerouted and restored, and the impact on our business was immaterial, similar disruptions may occur in the future stemming from the interconnectedness of the U.S. healthcare ecosystem and industry reliance on centralized claims processing systems and networks, and such future disruptions may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. In addition, we distribute our products in the United States primarily through three pharmaceutical wholesalers, and a security breach that impairs the distribution operations of our wholesalers could significantly impair our ability to deliver our products to healthcare providers and patients. There can be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, including our policies, controls, or procedures, will be fully implemented, complied with or effective in protecting our information technology systems and sensitive data. Although we have experienced system breakdowns, attacks and information security breaches, we do not believe such breakdowns, attacks and breaches have had a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We will continue to experience varying degrees of cyberattacks and other incidents in the future. Even though we continue to invest in the monitoring, protection and resilience of our critical and/or sensitive data and systems, there can be no assurance that our efforts will detect, prevent or fully recover systems or data from all breakdowns, service interruptions, attacks and/or breaches of our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss or exposure of critical, proprietary, private, confidential or otherwise sensitive data, which could result in material financial, legal business or reputational harm to us or negatively affect our stock price. While we maintain cyber-liability insurance, our insurance is not sufficient to cover us against all losses that could potentially result from a service interruption, breach of our systems or loss of our critical or sensitive data. We are also subject to various laws and regulations globally regarding cybersecurity, privacy and data protection, including laws and regulations relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data. The legislative and regulatory environment regarding privacy and data protection continues to evolve and receive significant attention globally. For example, we are subject to the EU s GDPR and the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (CCPA), both of which impose comprehensive data protection obligations and provide for substantial penalties for noncompliance. Similar consumer privacy and data protection laws have been enacted or proposed in more than half of U.S. states, many of which impose obligations and restrictions that are comparable to, or in some cases more stringent than, those under the CCPA. Outside the United States, other jurisdictions where we operate have passed, or continue to propose, data 38 privacy or cybersecurity legislation and/or regulations. For example, in China, the Personal Information Protection Law and the Data Security Law, which regulate data processing activities associated with personal and nonpersonal data, builds upon the existing Cybersecurity Law. Failure to comply with these current and future laws could result in significant penalties and reputational harm and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We are adopting and exploring the use of AI in our business, and as an emerging and rapidly evolving technology, our use of AI introduces potential opportunities but also presents risks that could adversely affect our operations, information security and reputation. AI systems may produce inaccurate or flawed outputs due to flawed algorithms, or insufficient and/or erroneous training data. Reliance on flawed outputs could prevent us from effectively utilizing AI in our business or result in lower quality decision-making. We may also become vulnerable to operational disruptions if the AI technologies we use experience downtimes or are compromised by cyberattacks. If we do not effectively implement guardrails and train our staff on the safe and proper use of AI, or if our staff fail to effectively adhere to our established guardrails and training on the use of AI, we may experience adverse effects on our 