=== FIX_2026-02-19.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described below. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all other information included in this report, including information contained in the “Business,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” sections. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by the occurrence of any of these events, which could cause actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results, and the trading price of our common stock could decline. Risks Related to Our Business Economic downturns in the markets in which we operate may materially and adversely affect our business because our business is dependent on levels of construction activity. The demand for our services is dependent upon the existence of construction projects and service requirements within the markets in which we operate. Any period of economic recession affecting a market or industry in which we transact business is likely to adversely impact our business. Many of the projects we work on have long lifecycles from conception to completion, and the bulk of our performance generally occurs late in a construction project’s lifecycle. We experience the results of economic trends well after an economic cycle begins and therefore have generally continued to experience the results of an economic recession well after conditions in the general economy have improved. 10 Table of Contents The industries and markets in which we operate have been and will continue to be vulnerable to macroeconomic downturns because they are cyclical in nature. When there is a reduction in demand, it often leads to greater price competition as well as decreased revenue and profit. The lasting effects of a recession can also increase economic instability with our vendors, subcontractors, developers, and general contractors, which can increase our liability exposure and result in us not being paid in full or at all on some projects, thus decreasing our revenue and profit. Further, to the extent some of our vendors, subcontractors, developers, or general contractors seek bankruptcy protection, we will likely incur additional attorneys’ fees and other professional consultant fees and expenses in connection with pursuing payment in such bankruptcy proceedings, and such increased expenses will likely result in decreased revenue and profit. Additionally, because 5.0% of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025 was attributable to projects in the government sector, a reduction in federal, state, or local government spending in our industries and markets could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Because we bear the risk of cost overruns in most of our contracts, we may experience reduced profits or, in some cases, losses under these contracts if costs increase above our estimates. Our contract prices are established largely based on estimates and assumptions regarding our projected costs, including assumptions about: future economic conditions; prices, including commodity prices and inflation; availability of labor, including the costs of providing labor, equipment, and materials; and other factors outside our control. If our estimates or assumptions prove to be inaccurate, circumstances change in a way that renders our assumptions and estimates inaccurate or we fail to successfully execute the work, cost overruns may occur, and we could experience reduced profits or a loss for affected projects. For instance, unanticipated technical problems may arise, we could have difficulty obtaining permits or approvals, local laws, labor costs or labor conditions could change, bad weather could delay construction, raw materials prices could increase, our suppliers or subcontractors may fail to perform as expected or site conditions may be different than we expected. Further, rising inflation may result in higher costs for labor and materials needed to complete our contracts, and we may be unable to pass these heightened costs to our customers. We are also exposed to increases in energy prices, particularly as they relate to gasoline prices. Additionally, in certain circumstances, we guarantee project completion or the achievement of certain acceptance and performance testing levels by a scheduled date. Failure to meet schedule or performance requirements typically results in additional costs to us, and in some cases, we may also create liability for consequential and liquidated damages. Performance problems for existing and future projects could cause our actual results of operations to differ materially from those we anticipate and could damage our reputation within our industry and our customer base. Our backlog is subject to unexpected adjustments and cancellations, which means that amounts included in our backlog may not result in actual revenue or translate into profits. Backlog reflects revenue still to be recognized under contracted or committed installation and replacement project work. Our backlog as of December 31, 2025 was $11.94 billion. The predictive value of backlog information is limited to indications of general revenue direction over the near term, and we cannot guarantee that the revenue projected from our backlog will be realized or, if realized, will be profitable. Projects may remain in our backlog for an extended period of time, or project cancellations or scope adjustments may occur with respect to contracts reflected in our backlog. Such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The loss of one or a few customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. A limited number of customers have in the past and may in the future account for a significant portion of our revenue. For example, in 2025, one customer represented approximately 12.8% of our consolidated revenue. Although we have long - standing relationships with many of our significant customers and believe that our portfolio of customers is reasonably diverse, one or more of our significant customers may reduce, fail to renew, or terminate their contracts with us in the future. A loss of business from a significant customer, or a number of significant customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 11 Table of Contents Rising inflation, interest rate volatility and an economic recession or downturn may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The global economy has recently experienced high rates of inflation, which increased our costs for labor, materials, utilities and other goods and services. In order to combat inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates multiple times in recent years and may do so again in 2026 (or may slow any rate reductions from what the market currently anticipates). Economic factors, including inflation and interest rate volatility, may have a negative impact on our business. For instance, we have exposure to changes in interest rates under our revolving credit facility, and as interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on our variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, may correspondingly decrease. The cost of our materials, labor, utilities and other goods and services may continue to rise as a result of inflation and interest rate hikes, and we may not be able to offset such higher costs through price increases. Further, there are concerns that the United States economy could experience a recession. As a result, these conditions have, and they or any similar future conditions may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Intense competition in our industry could reduce our market share and our profit. The markets we serve are highly fragmented and competitive. Our industry is characterized by many small companies whose activities are geographically concentrated. We compete on the basis of our technical expertise and experience, financial and operational resources, nationwide presence, industry reputation and dependability. While we believe our customers consider a number of these factors in awarding contracts, a large portion of our work is awarded through a bid process. Consequently, price is often the principal factor in determining which contractor is selected, especially on smaller, less complex projects. Smaller competitors are sometimes able to win bids for these projects based on price alone due to their lower cost and financial return requirements. We expect competition to continue in our industry, presenting us with significant challenges in our ability to maintain strong growth rates and acceptable profit margins. We also expect increased competition from in-house service providers because some of our customers have employees who perform service work similar to the services we provide. Vertical consolidation could also contribute to competition in our industry. Moreover, if we do not employ new technologies as quickly or efficiently as our competitors, or if our competitors develop or utilize more cost-effective or customer-preferred technologies (such as data analytics, artificial intelligence and other new and emerging technologies) that give them a competitive advantage in the proposal bidding and selection process, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to win and retain business from customers. If we are unable to meet these competitive challenges, we will lose market share to our competitors and experience an overall reduction in our profits. In addition, our profitability would be impaired if we have to reduce our prices to remain competitive. Our recent and future acquisitions may not be successful. We expect to continue to pursue selective acquisitions of businesses. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to identify acquisitions or that we will be able to consummate transactions on terms and conditions acceptable to us, or that acquired businesses will be profitable. Acquisitions may expose us to additional business risks different than those we have traditionally experienced. We also may encounter difficulties integrating acquired businesses and successfully managing the growth we expect to experience from these acquisitions. We may choose to finance future acquisitions with debt, equity, cash or a combination of the three. Future acquisitions could dilute earnings or disrupt the payment of a stockholder dividend. To the extent we make acquisitions, a number of risks will result, including: ● the assumption of material liabilities (including for environmental-related costs); ● failure of due diligence to uncover situations that could result in legal exposure or to quantify the true liability exposure from known risks; ● the diversion of management’s attention from the management of daily operations to the integration of operations; ● difficulties in the assimilation and retention of employees, in the assimilation of different cultures and practices, in the assimilation of broad and geographically dispersed personnel and operations, and the retention of employees generally; 12 Table of Contents ● the risk of additional financial and accounting challenges and complexities in areas such as tax planning, treasury management, financial reporting and internal controls; and ● we may not be able to realize the cost savings, other financial benefits or synergies we anticipated prior to the acquisition. ​ The failure to successfully integrate acquisitions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Third parties contribute significantly to our completion of many projects and labor shortages or increased labor costs from third parties could adversely impact our results of operations. We hire third-party subcontractors to perform work and depend on third-party suppliers to provide equipment and materials necessary to complete our projects. If we are unable to retain qualified subcontractors or suppliers, or if our subcontractors or suppliers do not perform as anticipated for any reason, our execution, reputation and profitability could be harmed. Recent labor shortages may also lead to higher wages for employees and higher costs to purchase the services of third parties. Increases in labor costs, such as increases in minimum wage requirements, wage inflation and/or increased overtime, reduce our profitability and that of our customers. Increases in such labor costs for a prolonged period of time could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Earnings for future periods may be impacted by impairment charges for goodwill and intangible assets. We carry a significant amount of goodwill and identifiable intangible assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Goodwill is the excess of purchase price over the fair value of the net assets of acquired businesses. We assess goodwill for impairment each year, and more frequently if circumstances suggest an impairment may have occurred. We have determined in the past and may again determine in the future that a significant impairment has occurred in the value of our unamortized intangible assets, which could require us to write off a portion of our assets and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our use of the cost-to-cost input method of accounting could result in a reduction or reversal of previously recorded revenue or profits. A material portion of our revenue is recognized using the cost-to-cost input method of accounting, which results in our recognizing contract revenue and earnings ratably over the contract term in the proportion that our actual costs bear to our estimated contract costs. The earnings or losses recognized on individual contracts are based on estimates of contract revenue, costs and profitability. We review our estimates of contract revenue, costs and profitability on an ongoing basis. Prior to contract completion, we may adjust our estimates on one or more occasions as a result of change orders to the original contract, collection disputes with the customer on amounts invoiced or claims against the customer for increased costs incurred by us due to customer-induced delays and other factors. Contract losses are recognized in the fiscal period when the loss is determined. Contract profit estimates are also adjusted in the fiscal period in which it is determined that an adjustment is required. As a result of the requirements of the cost-to-cost input method of accounting, the possibility exists, for example, that we could have estimated and reported a profit on a contract over several periods and later determined, usually near contract completion, that all or a portion of such previously estimated and reported profits were overstated. If this occurs, the full aggregate amount of the overstatement will be reported for the period in which such determination is made, thereby eliminating all or a portion of any profits from other contracts that would have otherwise been reported in such period or even resulting in a loss being reported for such period. On a historical basis, we believe that we have made reasonably reliable estimates of the progress towards completion on our long-term contracts. However, given the uncertainties associated with these types of contracts, it is possible for actual costs to vary from estimates previously made, which may result in reductions or reversals of previously recorded revenue and profits. A significant portion of our business depends on our ability to provide surety bonds. Any difficulties in the financial and surety markets may adversely affect our bonding capacity and availability. In the past we have been required to increase, and it is possible we will in the future be required to increase, the number and percentage of total contract dollars for which we utilize an underlying surety bond. Historically, surety 13 Table of Contents market conditions have experienced times of volatility as a result of significant losses incurred by many surety companies and the results of macroeconomic trends outside of our control, such as volatility in the capital markets and the possibility of an extended economic downturn or recession. Consequently, during times when less overall bonding capacity is available in the market, surety terms have become more expensive and more restrictive. If we are unable to maintain a sufficient level of bonding capacity in the future, it could preclude our ability to bid for certain contracts or successfully contract with some customers. Additionally, even if we continue to be able to access bonding capacity to sufficiently bond future work, we may be required to post collateral to secure bonds, which would decrease the liquidity we would have available for other purposes. Our surety providers are under no commitment to guarantee our access to new bonds in the future; thus, our ability to access or increase bonding capacity is at the sole discretion of our surety providers. If our surety companies were to limit or eliminate our access to bonds, our alternatives would include seeking bonding capacity from other surety companies, increasing business with clients that do not require bonds and posting other forms of collateral for project performance, such as letters of credit or cash. We may be unable to secure these alternatives in a timely manner, on acceptable terms, or at all. As such, if we were to experience an interruption or reduction in the availability of bonding capacity, it is likely we would be unable to compete for or work on certain projects. If we experience delays and/or defaults in customer payments, we could be unable to recover all expenditures. Because of the nature of our contracts, at times we commit resources to projects prior to receiving payments from the customer in amounts sufficient to cover expenditures on projects as they are incurred. Delays in customer payments may require us to make a working capital investment. If a customer defaults in making their payments on a project to which we have devoted resources, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business may be affected by the work environment. ​ We may need to perform our work under a variety of conditions, including but not limited to, difficult terrain, difficult site conditions and busy urban centers where delivery of materials and availability of labor may be impacted, clean-room environments where strict procedures must be followed and sites that may have been exposed to harsh and hazardous conditions and outbreaks of infectious disease. Extreme weather conditions (such as storms, droughts, extreme heat or cold, wildfires and floods) may limit the availability of resources, increase our costs, or may cause projects to be delayed or cancelled. To the extent climate change results in an increase in extreme weather events and adverse weather conditions, the likelihood of a negative impact on our results of operations may increase. If we are unable to manage the conditions required for certain of our jobs, including the availability of sufficient labor, adherence to environmental, health and safety or other standards, and adequately addressing harsh or hazardous conditions, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. ​ We are susceptible to adverse weather conditions, which may harm our business and financial results. Our business can be highly cyclical and subject to seasonal and other variations that can result in significant differences in operating results from quarter to quarter. Moreover, our business may be adversely affected by severe weather in areas where we have significant operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Repercussions of severe weather conditions may include: ● curtailment of services; ● suspension of operations; ● inability to meet performance schedules in accordance with contracts and potential liability for liquidated damages; ● injuries or fatalities; ● weather-related damage to our facilities; ● disruption of information systems; ● inability to receive machinery, equipment and materials at jobsites; and ● loss of productivity. ​ 14 Table of Contents Future climate change could adversely affect us. Climate change may create physical and financial risk to our business. Physical risks from climate change could, among other things, include an increase in extreme weather events (such as wildfires, floods and hurricanes), rising sea levels and limitations on water availability and quality. Such extreme weather conditions may limit the availability of resources, increasing the costs of our projects, or may cause projects to be delayed or cancelled. Evolving legislation, foreign and domestic policy, regulation or other restrictions related to climate change could negatively impact our operations or our customers’ operations. Diverging concerns about climate change and other environmental issues may result in varying environmental regulations and restrictions on our operations. Operating in a number of jurisdictions could make our compliance with laws relating to climate change rules more complex and expensive and potentially expose us to greater levels of legal risks associated with our compliance. Compliance with more stringent laws or regulations, as well as more vigorous enforcement policies of the federal, state, or local regulatory agencies, could increase the costs of projects for our customers or, in some cases, prevent a project from going forward, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our failure to comply with any applicable laws could lead to penalties and adversely impact our reputation, customer attraction and retention, access to capital and employee retention. Continuing worldwide political and economic uncertainties may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. ​ The last several years have been marked by worldwide political and economic uncertainty resulting from a number of factors, including decreased consumer confidence, the effects of international conflicts such as the wars between Russia and Ukraine and unrest in the Middle East, supply chain disruptions, tariffs, rising energy costs and inflation. This uncertainty has made (and may continue to make) it extremely difficult for our customers, vendors and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities, and could lead to constrained spending on our services, delays and a lengthening of our business development efforts, the demand for more favorable pricing or other terms, and/or difficulty in collection of our accounts receivable. Our government clients may face budget deficits that prohibit them from funding proposed and existing projects. Further, ongoing political and economic instability has caused (and could continue to cause) supply chain disruptions and volatility in the capital markets, which may increase our costs of capital and limit our ability to access the capital markets at a time when we would like, or need, to raise capital. These conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operation and cash flows. ​ Risks Related to Our Operations If we are unable to attract and retain qualified managers and employees, we will be unable to operate efficiently, which could reduce our profitability. Our business is labor intensive, and many of our operations experience a high rate of employee turnover. At times of low unemployment rates in the United States, it is typically more difficult for us to find qualified personnel at low cost in some geographic areas where we operate. Additionally, our business is managed by a small number of key executive and operational officers. We may be unable to hire and retain the sufficient skilled labor force necessary to operate efficiently and to support our growth strategy. Our labor expenses may increase as a result of a shortage in the supply of skilled personnel. Labor shortages, including the recent U.S. labor shortage, increased labor costs or the loss of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Further, our relationships with some customers could suffer if we are unable to retain the employees with whom those customers primarily work and have established relationships. Future growth could also impose significant additional responsibilities on members of our senior management, including the need to recruit and integrate new senior level managers and executives. To the extent that we are unable to manage our growth effectively, or are unable to attract and retain additional qualified management, we may not be able to expand our operations or successfully execute our business plan. We are a decentralized company and place significant decision-making powers with our subsidiaries’ management, which presents certain risks. We believe that our practice of placing significant decision-making power with local management is important to our successful growth and allows us to be responsive to opportunities and to our customers’ needs. However, this 15 Table of Contents practice presents certain risks, including the risk that we may be slower or less effective in our attempts to identify or react to problems affecting an important business than we would under a more centralized structure or that we would be slower to identify a misalignment between the overall business strategy of the Company and any of our subsidiaries. Further, if a subsidiary fails to follow the Company’s compliance policies, we could be made party to a contract, arrangement or situation that requires the assumption of large liabilities or has less advantageous terms than is typically found in the market. If we do not effectively manage our backlog and the size and cost of our operations, our existing infrastructure may become either strained or over-burdensome, and we may be unable to increase or sustain revenue growth. The growth that we have experienced in the past, that we are currently experiencing, and that we may experience in the future, may provide challenges to our organization, requiring us to expand our personnel and our operations. Growth may strain our infrastructure, operations and other managerial and operating resources. We have also experienced in the past severe constriction in the markets in which we operate and, as a result, in our operating requirements. Failing to maintain the appropriate cost structure during a particular economic cycle may result in our incurring costs that affect our profitability or failing to be prepared for unprecedented growth. If our business resources become strained or over-burdensome, our earnings may be adversely affected, and we may be unable to increase revenue growth. Further, we may undertake contractual commitments that exceed our labor, managerial or other resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and cause material reputational or other harm. Information technology system failures, network disruptions or cybersecurity breaches could adversely affect our business. We use and rely significantly on sophisticated information technology systems and infrastructure, including computer systems, hardware, software, technology and online sites and networks (collectively, “IT Systems”), in conducting our day-to-day operations, providing services to certain customers and protecting sensitive Company information. We own and manage some of these IT Systems but also rely on third-party software and information technology, including but not limited to cloud computing services, for certain of our critical accounting, project management and financial information systems. We and certain of our third-party providers collect and retain information about our customers, stockholders, vendors and employees, including information about individuals, as well as proprietary information belonging to our business (collectively, “Confidential Information”). We face numerous and evolving cybersecurity risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our IT Systems and Confidential Information, including from diverse threat actors, such as state-sponsored organizations, opportunistic hackers and hacktivists, as well as through diverse attack vectors, such as social engineering/phishing, malware (including ransomware), malfeasance by insiders, human or technological error (including the misuse of artificial intelligence tools by our employees), and as a result of malicious code embedded in open-source software, or misconfigurations, bugs or other vulnerabilities in commercial software that is integrated into our (or our suppliers’ or service providers’) IT Systems, products or services. Because we make extensive use of third-party suppliers and service providers, such 

=== FIX_2026-04-23.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or future results. ​ Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds ​ Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities ​ None. ​ Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities ​ On March 29, 2007, our Board approved a stock repurchase program to acquire up to 1.0 million shares of our outstanding common stock. Subsequently, the Board has from time to time increased the number of shares that may be acquired under the program and approved extensions of the program. On May 16, 2025, the Board approved an extension to the program by increasing the shares authorized for repurchase by 0.4 million shares. Since the inception of the repurchase program, the Board has approved 11.8 million shares to be repurchased. As of March 31, 2026, we have repurchased a cumulative total of 10.9 million shares at an average price of $50.37 per share under the repurchase program. ​ The share repurchases will be made from time to time at our discretion in the open market or privately negotiated transactions, including pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 share repurchase plans, as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements, and subject to market conditions and other factors. The Board may modify, suspend, extend, or 32 Table of Contents terminate the program at any time. During the three months ended March 31, 2026, we repurchased less than 0.1 million shares for approximately $2.5 million, inclusive of the applicable excise tax, at an average price of $998.27 per share. ​ During the quarter ended March 31, 2026, we purchased shares of our common stock in the following amounts at the following average prices: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total Number of Shares ​ ​ ​ Maximum Number of ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Purchased as Part of ​ Shares that May Yet Be ​ ​ Total Number of ​ Average Price ​ Publicly Announced Plans ​ Purchased Under the Plans Period ​ Shares Purchased ​ Paid Per Share ​ or Programs (1) ​ or Programs January 1 - January 31 2,253 ​ $ 958.77 10,880,907 877,057 ​ February 1 - February 28 — ​ $ — 10,880,907 877,057 ​ March 1 - March 31 300 ​ $ 1,294.95 10,881,207 876,757 ​ ​ 2,553 ​ $ 998.27 10,881,207 876,757 ​ ________________________________________ (1) Purchased as part of a stock repurchase program announced on March 29, 2007, under which, since the inception of this program, 11.8 million shares have been approved for repurchase. ​ Under our stock incentive plans, employees may elect to have us withhold common shares to satisfy statutory federal, state, and local tax withholding obligations arising on the vesting of restricted stock awards and exercise of options. When we withhold these shares, we are required to remit to the appropriate taxing authorities the market price of the shares withheld, which could be deemed a purchase of the common shares by us on the date of withholding. ​ Item 5. Other Information ​ Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Officers ​ During the three months ended March 31, 2026, no directors or officers of the Company adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as defined in Item 408(a) and (c) of Regulation S-K. ​ Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement ​ During the quarter ended March 31, 2026, the Company revised the form of performance restricted stock unit award agreement under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan to provide that future performance restricted stock unit awards (“PSU”) will be denominated in a specific number of shares rather than a target dollar value. This revised form will be used for PSU grants made on or after March 23, 2026. The Company has filed the revised form of award agreement as an exhibit to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. ​ 33 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Incorporated by Reference to the Exhibit Indicated Below and to the Filing with the Commission Indicated Below Exhibit Number ​ ​ ​ Description of Exhibits ​ ​ ​ Exhibit Number ​ ​ ​ Filing or File Number 3.1 ​ Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant ​ 3.1 ​ 333-24021 3.2 ​ Certificate of Amendment dated May 21, 1998 ​ 3.2 ​ 1998 Form 10-K 3.3 ​ Certificate of Amendment dated July 9, 2003 ​ 3.3 ​ 2003 Form 10-K 3.4 ​ Certificate of Amendment dated May 20, 2016 ​ 3.1 ​ May 20, 2016 Form 8-K 3.5 ​ Amended and Restated Bylaws of Comfort Systems USA, Inc. ​ ​ 3.1 ​ March 25, 2016 Form 8-K 10.1* ​ Form of Stock-denominated Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Company’s 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan ​ ​ ​ ​ 31.1* ​ Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ​ ​ ​ ​ 31.2* ​ Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ​ ​ ​ ​ 32.1** ​ Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ​ ​ ​ ​ 32.2** ​ Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ​ ​ ​ ​ 101.INS* ​ Inline XBRL Instance Document ​ ​ ​ ​ 101.SCH* ​ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document ​ ​ ​ ​ 101.CAL* ​ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document ​ ​ ​ ​ 101.DEF* ​ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document ​ ​ ​ ​ 101.LAB* ​ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document ​ ​ ​ ​ 101.PRE* ​ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase ​ ​ ​ ​ 104 ​ Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded in the Inline XBRL document) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ * Filed herewith. ** Furnished herewith. ​ ​ 34 Table of Contents SIGNATURES ​ Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Comfort Systems USA, Inc. ​ ​ ​ April 23, 2026 By: /s/ Brian E. Lane ​ ​ Brian E. Lane ​ ​ Chief Executive Officer and Director ​ ​ ​ April 23, 2026 By: /s/ William George ​ ​ William George ​ ​ Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ​ ​ ​ April 23, 2026 By: /s/ Julie S. Shaeff ​ ​ Julie S. Shaeff ​ ​ Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer ​ ​ ​ 35 