=== HBAN_2026-03-12.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A False 0000049196 DEF 14A 0000049196 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000049196 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000049196 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000049196 2021-01-01 2022-12-31 0000049196 2021-01-01 2024-12-31 0000049196 2021-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 2021-01-01 2023-12-31 0000049196 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000049196 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000049196 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 xbrli:pure iso4217:USD Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 SCHEDULE 14A PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14A-6(E)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents A Letter from Our Board's Leadership A Letter f rom Our Board s Leadership Stephen D. Steinour David L. Porteous Chairman, President, and CEO Independent Lead Director Dear Fellow Shareholders: We are pleased to invite you to the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held virtually on Wednesday, April 22, 2026, at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time via webcast. We hope you will join us online and participate in this year s meeting to consider the matters described in the following Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement and review highlights of the past year. When looking back at 2025, it was a transformational year for Huntington marked by strong execution, peer-leading growth, and a focus on Our Purpose: making people s lives better, helping businesses thrive, and strengthening the communities we serve. Our results reflect our focused execution on our organic growth strategy and the power of our differentiated business model. During 2025, we delivered 11 percent revenue growth and generated approximately $10 billion of organic loan growth during the year, exceeding the loan growth added through combinations, along with approximately $5 billion of core deposit growth, driven by expanding primary bank relationships. During 2025, we took many actions to position Huntington for sustained growth over the longer term. We continued our branch build-out in North and South Carolina, expanded our business 23 percent organically in Texas, and brought our middle-market banking capabilities to Florida. We announced key combinations with Veritex and Cadence, creating a powerful springboard for future growth and cementing our position as a top 10 U.S. bank. These combinations bring our full franchise to 21 states, connecting us with more than half of the U.S. population and opening the door to high growth markets across Texas and the South. We also completed a transaction with Janney Montgomery Scott LLC to significantly expand our capital markets platform, increasing the breadth of our financial advisory and fixed income trading. Additionally, we added functionalities and services within our commercial payments platform. We executed several integrated partnerships to deliver new fintech solutions for our consumer and small business customers. We continued to invest in our digital capabilities and in the deployment of AI implementations. These initiatives all serve to expand the breadth of the customers we serve, deepen our relationships, and help accelerate our revenue growth. Our commitment to doing the right thing for all our constituents serves as a strategic driver for growth and, throughout the year, we continued to focus on issues important to our business and stakeholders while driving impact deep within our communities. In 2025, we received our third consecutive Outstanding rating for the Community Reinvestment Act, and our community impact capital financed over 8,000 affordable housing units through approximately $1 billion in investments and loans. At the same time, we expanded our support for organizations driving meaningful change. At the Cadence closing on February 1, 2026, we welcomed three seasoned Cadence Directors onto our Board, which include James D. (Dan) Rollins III, Virginia A. Hepner, and Alice L. Rodriguez. Mr. Rollins is currently the Vice Chairman of Huntington and Huntington Bank, having served as the Chairman of the Board of Cadence since April 2014, and CEO of Cadence since November 2012 until February 1, 2026. Mr. Rollins will provide advisory services to Huntington, and he brings significant financial services 1 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents A Letter from Our Board's Leadership expertise, as well as knowledge of the Texas and southern markets and communities. Ms. Hepner joined the Cadence Board in 2019 (formerly, State Bank Financial Corporation). Ms. Hepner brings to the Huntington Board of Directors over 25 years of corporate finance experience with Wachovia Bank and its predecessors, and she is the retired President and Chief Executive Officer of The Woodruff Arts Center, a nationally-esteemed visual and performing arts center in Atlanta, Georgia. Ms. Rodriguez joined the Cadence Board of Directors in January 2025. She is a co-owner of Kendall Milagro Inc., a retired executive of JPMorgan Chase Co., and she brings to the Huntington Board of Directors significant financial services, community service, and leadership expertise. All of Huntington's current 15 Directors are nominated and standing for election at this year's Annual Meeting of Shareholders. In summary, 2025 was an extraordinary year for Huntington. Our outstanding financial results reflect the substantial investments we have made in our capabilities over the past several years, and we intend to continue investing across all elements of our franchise going forward. We believe we have a compelling flywheel for value creation that will support our peer-leading organic growth, fuel top-tier returns, and drive sustainable competitive advantage. We are grateful to all Huntington colleagues for their caring and efforts to support each other and our customers during this time of great change. Our colleagues went above and beyond in 2025 and have carried that energy, passion, and commitment to trust and care into 2026. We appreciate the guidance and dedication from our Directors throughout this past year. We also appreciate you, our shareholders, for your trust in our good company. Thank you for your support of Huntington, and we look forward to your participation at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Best wishes, Stephen D. Steinour Chairman, President, and CEO David L. Porteous Independent Lead Director March 12, 2026 2026 Proxy Statement | 2 Table of Contents Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders April 22, 2026 Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time Location: Online at meetnow.global/MC9UU7K HOW TO VOTE YOUR SHARES Online Registered holders www.envisionreports.com/HBAN Beneficial owners Matters to be Considered and Voted Upon: Follow the instructions provided in your materials Proposal 1 Election of Directors FOR each Director nominee By Phone Page 18 Call the phone number at the top of your proxy card Proposal 2 Advisory resolution to approve, on a non-binding basis, the compensation of executives as described in the proxy materials FOR By Mail Page 72 Complete, sign, date, and return your proxy card in the envelope provided Proposal 3 Ratification of the appointment of PwC as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 FOR Online during the meeting Page 110 Attend and vote online during the virtual annual meeting Other business that properly comes before the meeting Information for Shareholders Who Plan to Attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Huntington s Board is furnishing shareholders with this Proxy Statement to solicit proxies on its behalf to be exercised at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and any postponements or adjournments thereof, and we are first making this Proxy Statement available on or about March 12, 2026. Shareholders will be able to attend and participate in the Annual Meeting online, vote their shares electronically, and submit questions during the meeting by visiting meetnow.global/MC9UU7K at the meeting date and time. Record Date: Huntington shareholders as of the close of business on February 24, 2026, will be entitled to vote at our annual meeting and at any postponements or adjournments of the meeting. Your vote is important. Please submit your proxy as soon as possible via the internet, mail, or telephone. If your shares are held by a Broker, it is important that you provide instructions to your Broker so that your vote is counted on all matters. 2026 Virtual Annual Shareholder Meeting Huntington will once again hold a virtual annual meeting in order to facilitate shareholder attendance and participation by enabling shareholders to participate from any location and at no cost. Shareholders as of the Record Date will be able to attend the meeting online, vote shares electronically, and submit questions during the meeting by visiting meetnow.global/MC9UU7K at the meeting date and time. The meeting webcast will begin promptly at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time on Wednesday, April 22, 2026. If you experience technical difficulties during the check-in process or during the meeting, please call (888) 724-2416 (U.S. toll-free) or +1-781-575-2748 (outside of U.S.) for assistance. See the General Information on Voting and the Annual Meeting section of the Proxy Statement for additional information on how to participate in this year s meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors, Marcy C. Hingst Senior Executive Vice President General Counsel and Corporate Secretary March 12, 2026 Shareholders who hold their shares in street name should refer to the voting instructions provided by their Broker. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to be Held on April 22, 2026. The Proxy Statement and Annual Report to shareholders are available at www.edocumentview.com/HBAN Voluntary E-Delivery of Proxy Materials We encourage our shareholders to enroll in electronic delivery of proxy materials: If you are a registered shareholder, please sign up at www.computershare.com/hban. If you are a beneficial owner, please contact your Broker for instructions. Electronic delivery offers immediate and convenient access to proxy materials. It also helps us reduce paper usage and our printing and shipping costs. 3 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents A Letter from Our Board's Leadership 1 Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 3 Table of Contents 4 Proxy Summary 7 2025 Performance Highlights 8 Information Highlights 10 Proposal Summaries 13 Election of Directors 18 Compensation of Directors 37 Corporate Governance 41 Commitment to Good Governance Practices 41 Continually Assessing and Enhancing Director Skills and Board Effectiveness 45 Board Role and Responsibilities 48 Board, Committee, and Leadership Structure 53 Board Practices, Policies, and Processes 67 Our Executive Officers 69 Corporate Governance Documents 71 Compensation of Executive Officers 72 Compensation Discussion Analysis 73 Report of the Human Resources and Compensation Committee 95 Executive Compensation Tables 96 Pay Versus Performance Disclosure 106 Pay Ratio Disclosure 109 Audit Matters 110 Report of the Audit Committee 112 Ownership of Voting Stock 113 Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers 113 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 114 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 116 General Information on Voting and the Annual Meeting 117 General Information About the Meeting 117 Proposals by Shareholders for the 2027 Annual Meeting 120 Recommendations for Directorship 120 Other Matters 121 Appendix A: Non-GAAP Reconciliation 122 Adjusted EPS 122 Adjusted Operating Leverage 123 Adjusted ROTCE 124 Adjusted Pre-Provision Net Revenue (PPNR) 124 Adjusted Tangible Book Value (TBV) 125 Adjusted Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) 125 Glossary 126 Readers should refer to the Glossary at the end of this Proxy Statement for definitions of capitalized terms and acronyms used throughout. 2026 Proxy Statement | 4 Table of Contents Forward Looking Information Forward-Looking Information This Proxy Statement contains certain forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, certain plans, expectations, goals, projections, and statements, which are not historical facts and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, estimates, and uncertainties that are beyond the control of Huntington. Statements that do not describe historical or current facts, including statements about beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as expect, anticipate, continue, believe, intend, estimate, plan, trend, objective, target, goal, or similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, may, might, should, would, could, or similar variations. The forward-looking statements are intended to be subject to the safe harbor provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. While there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in the forward-looking statements or historical performance: changes in general economic, political, regulatory, or industry conditions; deterioration in business and economic conditions, including persistent inflation, supply chain issues or labor shortages, instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets; changes in U.S. trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs and retaliatory tariffs; the impact of pandemics and other catastrophic events or disasters on the global economy and financial market conditions and our business, results of operations, and financial condition; the impacts related to or resulting from bank failures and other volatility, including potential increased regulatory requirements and costs, such as FDIC special assessments, long-term debt requirements and heightened capital requirements, and potential impacts to macroeconomic conditions, which could affect the ability of depository institutions, including us, to attract and retain depositors and to borrow or raise capital; unexpected outflows of deposits which may require us to sell investment securities at a loss; changing interest rates which could negatively impact the value of our portfolio of investment securities; the loss of value of our investment portfolio which could negatively impact market perceptions of us and could lead to deposit withdrawals; market perceptions of us and banks generally, including from the effects of social media; cybersecurity risks; uncertainty in U.S. fiscal and monetary policy, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve; volatility and disruptions in global capital, foreign exchange, and credit markets; movements in interest rates; competitive pressures on product pricing and services; success, impact, and timing of our business strategies, including market acceptance of any new products or services including those implementing our Fair Play banking philosophy; introduction of new competitive products, such as stablecoins, and new competitors such as financial technology companies and other nontraditional bank competitors; changes in policies and standards for regulatory review of bank mergers; the nature, extent, timing, and results of governmental actions, examinations, reviews, reforms, regulations, and interpretations, including those related to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the Basel III regulatory capital reforms, as well as those involving the OCC, Federal Reserve, FDIC, and CFPB; the possibility that the anticipated benefits of recent or proposed acquisitions are not realized when expected or at all, including as a result of the impact of, or problems arising from, the integration of the companies or as a result of the strength of the economy and competitive factors in the areas where the companies do business; and other factors that may affect the future results of Huntington. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth above. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and are based on information available at that time. Huntington does not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, new information or future events, changes in assumptions or changes in circumstances or other factors affecting forward-looking statements that occur after the date the forward-looking statements were made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by federal securities laws. If Huntington updates one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that Huntington will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. As forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, caution should be exercised against placing undue reliance on such statements. See also the other reports filed with the SEC, including discussions under the Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors sections of Huntington s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, as filed with the SEC and available on its website at www.sec.gov. The Corporate Responsibility-based objectives, plans, targets, goals, and commitments contained within this Proxy Statement are aspirational and considered forward-looking statements; as such, we make no guarantees or promises that they will be achieved or successfully executed. Statistics and metrics included in these disclosures are estimates and may be based on assumptions. Information Not Incorporated into This Proxy Statement Information contained on or accessible through our website at www.huntington.com or ir.huntington.com, including but not limited to, our various Corporate Responsibility reports, is not and shall not be deemed to be a part of this Proxy Statement by reference or otherwise incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC, except to the extent we specifically incorporate such 5 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Forward Looking Information information by reference. Some of these statements and reports contain cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information that should be carefully considered. Our statements and reports about our objectives may include statistics or metrics that are estimates, make assumptions based on developing standards that may change, and provide aspirational goals that are not intended to be promises or guarantees. The statements and reports may also change at any time, and we undertake no obligation to update them, except as required by law. 2026 Proxy Statement | 6 Table of Contents Proxy Summary Proxy Su mmary Your Vote is Important to Us Regardless of whether you are planning to attend this year s annual meeting, please submit your vote over the internet; by phone; or complete, sign, and return your proxy card as soon as you can so that we can be assured of obtaining a quorum. Proposal 1: Election of Directors The Board proposes the election of 15 individuals as Directors at this annual meeting. All our nominees are seasoned leaders. Collectively, they bring an effective variety of skills, knowledge, experience, and perspectives to our Board. The independent Director nominees make up 80% of the Board. Our Board recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the nominees for Director. See page 18 for further information. Proposal 2: Advisory resolution to approve, on a non-binding basis, the compensation of executives as described in the proxy materials The Board and the HRCC believe that our compensation policies and procedures strongly align the interests of executives and shareholders and that our culture focuses executives on sound risk management and appropriately rewards executives for performance. Our Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See page 72 for further information. Proposal 3: Ratification of the appointment of the independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 The Board and the Audit Committee believe that the continued retention of PwC to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm is in the best interests of the Company and its investors. The Audit Committee will reconsider the appointment of PwC if its selection is not ratified by the shareholders. Our Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See page 110 for further information. TIME DATE PLACE RECORD DATE VOTING 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time Wednesday, April 22, 2026 Online at meetnow.global/MC9UU7K Close of business on February 24, 2026 Common shareholders as of the Record Date are entitled to vote. Shareholders of record and most beneficial shareholders have several methods by which they can vote. Please refer to the Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders for voting methods. 7 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Key Metrics EPS GAAP $1.39 ROTCE GAAP 15.7% Adjusted (1) 16.4% Loan Growth EOP $149.6 YoY 15.1% Deposit Growth EOP $176.6 YoY 8.7% Capital Growth (YoY) TBV/Share (1) 18.7% Adj. CET 1 (1)(2) 50 bps Credit Performance NCO Ratio 0.23% ACL Coverage 1.83% (1) Non-GAAP, see Appendix A to this Proxy Statement for more information. (2) AOCI adjustment aligned with G-SIB reporting requirement - inclusive of AOCI adjusted for cash flow hedges on the loan portfolio. (3) On a fully-taxable equivalent (FTE) basis assuming a 21% tax rate. (4) Equipment Leasing Financing Association, 2024, rank amongst bank-owned firms includes Huntington Technology Finance portfolio. Highlights 2025 Key Messages: Delivering Value Creation Focused execution is driving organic growth and proven expertise in integrating new partner banks Revenue growth of 11% year-over-year (3) Operating Leverage increased 73 bps (adj. 285 bps) (1) PPNR Earnings Growth increased 12% (adj. 14%) (1) Consumer and Regional Bank Presence in 21 states, including the fastest growing states Local delivery of national capabilities Loans increased 9.7% year-over-year inclusive of Veritex Commercial Bank Sixth largest equipment finance lender nationally (4) Seventeen unique specialty verticals Expanding capital markets capabilities Loans increased 21.7% year-over-year inclusive of Veritex Proxy Summary: 2025 Performance Highlights 2025 Performance Highlights 2025 Full Year Financial Performance The past year saw the successful execution of strategic initiatives and sustained deposit and loan growth for Huntington during a dynamic environment for the banking sector. Over the past year, we continued to invest in our colleagues, communities, and customers. These investments are described throughout this Proxy Statement. The following provides a high-level overview of our 2025 performance: 2026 Proxy Statement | 8 Table of Contents Proud 160 Year History. Accelerating into the Future. To Be the Leading People-First, Customer-Centered Bank in the Country Super Regional Bank Positioned for Strong Secular Growth Powerhouse Consumer and Regional Banking Franchise in 21 States Scaled National Commercial Businesses Local Delivery of National Capabilities with Deep Customer Relationships Comprehensive suite of Value-added services Leading with Advice Guidance Delivering Award-winning Customer Service Supported by Top-Tier Digital Capabilities Demonstrated Robust Risk Management Driving Long-term Shareholder Value Investments Drive Competitive Advantage Sustainable Operating Leverage Disciplined Capital Allocation Robust Risk Management Proven Execution and Integration Track Record Differentiated Operating Model Powers Growth Proxy Summary: 2025 Performance Highlights 9 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proxy Summary: Information Highlights Information Highlights The following chart provides highlights of many of Huntington s Corporate Responsibility and compensation practices. Shareholders should note, however, that this chart does not contain all the information provided elsewhere in this Proxy Statement; therefore, you should carefully read the entire Proxy Statement before casting your vote. Topic Huntington s Practice Board Composition, Leadership, and Operations Number of Director nominees 15 Substantially independent Director nominees Yes, 80% of nominees are independent Independence of Audit Committee, HRCC, and NCG Committee 100% Combined Chairman/CEO Yes Independent Lead Director with clearly defined authority and duties Yes Average Director nominee age 65 years as of April 22, 2026 Mandatory retirement age 75 years unless an exception is made Average Director nominee tenure 8.0 years as of April 22, 2026 Overboarded Directors No nominee serves on more than two other public company boards Board evaluations Annual rigorous process, including a Board-level evaluation, committee-level evaluations, and one-on-one discussions between the independent Lead Director and each other Director; periodic use of a third party Director onboarding and ongoing education Yes Director election voting standard Majority of the votes cast for and against each nominee, with plurality carveout for contested elections Director election frequency Annual Blank check preferred Yes, but Huntington s capital plan is submitted to the Federal Reserve Number of Board meetings held in 2025 17 Number of Board and committee meetings held in 2025 69 Average Board and committee meeting attendance in 2025 97.9% Executive sessions with only independent Directors Yes, scheduled for all regular quarterly Board meetings Direct access to management and other colleagues Yes, the Board has direct access Risk mitigation practices Established an aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite for the enterprise with key risks overseen by Board committees 2026 Proxy Statement | 10 Table of Contents Proxy Summary: Information Highlights Topic Huntington s Practice Shareholder Rights Right to call special meetings Yes, by a majority of outstanding shares Right to act by written consent Must be unanimous One share, one vote policy Yes Dual-class common stock None Cumulative voting permitted No Supermajority voting requirements 66.67% for charter or bylaw amendments Poison pill No Proxy access bylaw No Exclusive forum bylaw Yes, exclusive federal forum for Securities Act of 1933 claims Fee shifting bylaw No (prohibited by state law) Other Governance Highlights Shareholder engagement Ongoing throughout the year Council of Institutional Investors member Yes Independent auditor PwC (since 2015) Corporate Responsibility Practices Board oversight of Corporate Responsibility Yes Stakeholder assessment conducted Yes Human Rights Statement Yes Service Provider Code of Conduct Yes SASB Index disclosed Yes, included within our Corporate Responsibility Report PCAF member Yes EEO-1 data disclosure Yes, available on our website Pay Equity Comparison Yes, included within our Corporate Responsibility Report 11 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proxy Summary: Information Highlights Topic Huntington s Practice Compensation and Human Resource Matters Succession planning for CEO and other executives Yes, at least annually CEO pay ratio 135:1 Stock ownership guidelines 10X salary for CEO and 3X for each NEO Dividend or dividend equivalents paid on equity grants prior to vesting No Prohibition on Director and executive officer hedging and pledging of Huntington stock Yes Performance-based compensation Yes, a majority of aggregate NEO LTI is based upon long-term performance; PSUs make up 60% of total annual LTI grant value for CEO and 55% for other NEOs Compensation tied to culture Yes, with performance reviews based 50% on what (goals) and 50% on how (behaviors supporting our Values) executives deliver Recoupment policy Yes Compensation metrics Balanced portfolio of metrics that drive annual and long-term goals in a risk appropriate manner Current frequency of say-on-pay vote Annual Double-trigger change-in-control provisions Yes Excise tax gross-ups No Repricing of previously-granted stock options without shareholder approval No Annual assessment of compensation programs Yes, against both peers and market best practices Incentive plans encourage excessive risk taking No Independent compensation consultant Pearl Meyer Corporate Information Common stock symbol HBAN Stock exchange Nasdaq Common stock outstanding as of the Record Date 2,037,119,660 shares State of incorporation Maryland Year founded 1866 Corporate headquarters Columbus, Ohio Registrar and transfer agent Computershare Corporate website huntington.com Investor Relations website ir.huntington.com 2026 Proxy Statement | 12 Table of Contents The Board proposes the election of 15 Director nominees at this annual meeting. All our nominees are seasoned leaders and bring to our Board an effective variety of skills, knowledge, experience, and perspectives. See page for 18 further information . Our Board recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the nominees for Director. Proposal One: Election of Directors Proxy Summary: Proposal Summaries Prop osal Summaries Director Nominee Key Facts This year s slate of nominees is comprised of a variety and balanced combination of backgrounds, experience, tenure, and other diverse attributes. We believe that Huntington s Directors, both individually and as a group, possess the mixture of skills needed to oversee the Company and its operations both now and in the future. As of February 1, 2026, we added three Directors as part of the Cadence Merger: Virginia A. Hepner, Alice L. Rodriguez, and James D. (Dan) Rollins III. Mr. Rollins and Mses. Hepner and Rodriguez are standing for election by shareholders for the first time at this annual meeting. All three Directors previously served on the Cadence Board. The total number of Director nominees standing for election at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders is 15 Directors. Director Nominee Demographic Characteristics The Director nominees self-identified their demographic characteristics, which are represented in the following graphics . TOTAL DIVERSITY INDEPENDENT AVERAGE TENURE (in years) AVERAGE AGE (in years) Note that some percentages may not equal 100% due to rounding. 13 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proposal Two: Compensation of Executive Officers Proxy Summary: Proposal Summaries The Board and the HRCC believe that our compensation policies and practices strongly align the interests of executives and shareholders. Further, our culture focuses executives on sound risk management and appropriately rewards executives for their comprehensive performance including what they achieve and how they achieve it. See page 72 for further information. Our Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. The following highlights Huntington s executive compensation practices, which are designed to incentivize not only success, but succeeding the right way. Plans are intended to encourage prudent risk taking while balancing both short- and longer-term wins. Shareholders should look to the Proposal 2 Compensation of Executive Officers section of this Proxy Statement, including the CD A , for detailed information on our pay-for-performance executive compensation structure. 2026 Proxy Statement | 14 Table of Contents Target Compensation Mix CEO OTHER NEOS (1) DESCRIPTION Base Salaries Fixed component representing 11% of aggregate total target compensation for our CEO and 21% for our other NEOs (1) Annual Incentive Plan (MIP) Annual performance-based compensation based on: Adjusted Earnings Per Share (EPS) (2) Adjusted Pre-Provision Net Revenue (PPNR) Earning Growth (2) Adjusted Operating Leverage (2) Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) Awards of long-term incentive (LTI) grants comprised of: Performance Stock Units (PSU) (60% for CEO, 55% for other NEOs); based on Relative and Absolute Adjusted Return on Average Tangible Common Shareholders' Equity (ROTCE) (2) Restricted Stock Units (RSU) (40% for CEO, 45% for other NEOs) (1) Represents an average of annualized base salaries. (2) Non-GAAP, see Appendix A to this Proxy Statement for more information. Proxy Summary: Proposal Summaries 2025 Compensation Program 15 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents What We Do What We Don't Do Significant stock ownership policy applicable to executive officers and next level executives receiving equity awards to reinforce alignment between shareholders and senior management Significant emphasis on performance-based compensation, with the majority dependent upon long-term performance Balanced portfolio of metrics that drive annual and long-term goals in a risk appropriate manner All incentive compensation, including vested and paid compensation, is subject to robust recoupment policies that allow us to recover certain vested or unvested incentive compensation in the event of inappropriate risk taking or a financial restatement PSUs comprise 60% of total annual LTI grant value for CEO and 55% for other NEOs for 2025 Annual equity-based awards made on a pre-established date to avoid any appearance of coordination with the release of material non-public information Independent compensation consultant provides expert guidance and support to the HRCC Shareholder engagement to exchange viewpoints with our investors Annual assessment of compensation programs to compare them to those of our peers and market best practices Limited perquisites representing a small component of compensation Annual risk assessment of incentive compensation plans No repricing of previously-granted stock options without shareholder approval No perquisite or excise tax gross-ups upon change in control No single-trigger vesting of equity awards upon change in control No hedging or pledging of Huntington securities by executives or Directors No dividend or dividend equivalents paid on equity grants prior to vesting No incentive plans encourage excessive risk-taking Proxy Summary: Proposal Summaries Executive Compensation Best Practices 2026 Proxy Statement | 16 Table of Contents Proposal Three: Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 Proxy Summary: Proposal Summaries The Board and the Audit Committee believe that the continued retention of PwC to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm is in the best interests of the Company and its investors. The Audit Committee will reconsider the appointment of PwC if its selection is not ratified by the shareholders . See page 110 for further information. Our Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. Shareholders are being requested to ratify PwC as the Company s independent auditors for 2026. Information about PwC, our engagement arrangement, and the fees paid can be found under Proposal 3 Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026. 17 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proposal One: Election of Directors The Board proposes the election of 15 individuals as Directors at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Directors elected at the meeting will each serve a one-year term until the 2027 Annual Meeting and until their successors are duly elected and qualify or their earlier resignation or removal. We have no reason to believe that any nominee will be unable or unwilling to serve as a Director, if elected. If, however, any of these nominees should become unavailable, the Board may decrease the number of Directors pursuant to our Bylaws or may designate a substitute nominee, for whom shares represented by a properly submitted proxy would be voted. The Board recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the nominees for Director. Election of Directors El ection of Directors Shareholders are being requested to vote on a proposal to elect the 15 nominees listed below to serve as Directors of Huntington. The Board recommends that you vote FOR each nominee because they bring to our Board an effective variety of skills, knowledge, experience, and perspectives. Each nominee is a proven leader within their respective fields and industries. After consideration of the current composition of the Board, the results of the annual Board evaluation, and the Company s strategic objectives and goals, the Board, upon consultation with the NCG Committee, has nominated the following individuals, each of whom is currently serving, for election at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders: Ann B. (Tanny) Crane Rafael Andres Diaz-Granados Virginia A. Hepner John C. (Chris) Inglis Katherine M.A. (Allie) Kline Richard W. Neu Kenneth J. Phelan David L. Porteous Alice L. Rodriguez James D. (Dan) Rollins III Teresa H. Shea Roger J. Sit Stephen D. Steinour Jeffrey L. Tate Gary Torgow Pursuant to Huntington s Bylaws, all Directors shall serve a one-year term until the 2027 Annual Meeting and until their successors are duly elected and qualify or their earlier resignation or removal. The General Information on Voting and the Annual Meeting section of the Proxy Statement contains information on how to nominate and recommend individuals for directorship. As part of the Cadence Merger, Huntington increased the size of the Board from 12 Directors to 15 Directors and elected three Directors to the Board effective as of February 1, 2026. The three newest members of the Board are Virginia A. Hepner, Alice L. Rodriguez, and James D. (Dan) Rollins III. Mr. Rollins and Mses. Hepner and Rodriguez are standing for election by shareholders for the first time at this annual meeting. All three Directors previously served on the Cadence Board. Other than the Agreement and 2026 Proxy Statement | 18 Table of Contents Election of Directors: Aggregate Characteristics of the Nominees Plan of Merger by and among Huntington, Huntington Bank, and Cadence Bank and the Letter Agreement by and between Mr. Rollins and Huntington, there are no other arrangements concerning the selection of Mses. Hepner and Rodriguez and Mr. Rollins as Directors. Aggregate Characteristics of the nominees The Board understands the importance of and is committed to maintaining a diverse group of Directors who can bring their unique and individual skills, experiences, talents, and points of view to the boardroom. Our nominees for directorship represent well-rounded skills, knowledge, experience, perspectives, and characteristics . All our nominees are seasoned leaders. We also have a mix of newer and longer-term Directors among the nominees. As of the 2026 Annual Meeting, the average tenure of our Director nominees will be approximately 8 years, and the nominees will range in age from 53 to 73 years. TOTAL DIVERSITY INDEPENDENT Average Tenure (years) Average Age (Years) Note that some percentages may not equal 100% due to rounding. The Board does not have a formal policy regarding diversity. The Board believes that its membership should include a range of skills, experiences, talents, and points of view. By maintaining diversity within the boardroom, the Board is setting the tone at the top. The Corporate Governance Guidelines state that the NCG Committee will include highly qualified candidates who reflect a range of backgrounds in the pool from which nominees are chosen. The Board measures the success and efficacy of these practices by reviewing the composition of the Board on an ongoing basis. 19 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Election of Directors: Individual Director Nominee Characteristics Individual Director Nominee Characteristics Skills and Experience Crane Diaz- Granados Hepner Inglis* Kline Neu Phelan Porteous Rodriguez Rollins Shea Sit Steinour Tate Torgow Audit/Financial Reporting Prior experience working in finance, accounting, and/or audit, internally or externally, or otherwise qualifying as an Audit Committee Financial Expert. As a bank holding company with multiple subsidiaries and business lines, it is important to have Directors who understand auditing and financial reporting requirements. Client/Consumer Marketing, Branding Communication Experience leveraging technology to improve the customer experience online and in-store and driving omnichannel experiential initiatives. Customer marketing and branding experience with a digital mindset. We look out for people, and it is important to have Directors who understand the channels and strategies we use to connect to our customers. Compensation Human Capital Management Experience aligning compensation with strategy and performance, tying compensation to behaviors, and ensuring compensation plans do not encourage excessive risk taking. Experience developing a strong corporate culture and focusing on colleague engagement. Experience in human capital management. Looking out for people includes our colleagues, and having Directors with these skills helps ensure the Board is better able to oversee this area. Corporate Responsibility Experience with Corporate Responsibility practices, from a sustainability, governance, and/or reporting perspective, with a focus on leadership in modern board practices and corporate governance. We are continually striving to further integrate and advance Corporate Responsibility throughout the Company. Having Directors who understand the different facets of Corporate Responsibility is important to the Board s ability to oversee this rapidly changing field. Financial Services Experience with capital markets or financial market products and services and an understanding of payment platforms, models, systems, and technology. Financial services remain at the heart of Our Vision to become the country s leading people-first, customer-centered bank. It is important to have Directors who can oversee how we realize Our Vision. Government, Public Policy Regulatory Experience working closely with government officials at a local, state, or federal level; developing or leading public policy; or working in the government. Experience with regulators and regulatory issues. Banking and financial services are heavily regulated and are becoming more political in nature. Having Directors with this skill is important to the Board s oversight. Legal Significant experience as a lawyer at a firm, with the government, or as in-house counsel with a track record of assessing risk, implementing appropriate mitigation measures, and advising business clients. We have established an aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite, and having Directors with a legal background helps us avoid and mitigate certain risks. Public Company Executive CEO or other senior executive (direct report to CEO) of a publicly traded company. It is important to have proven leaders on the Board who can oversee the Company s management team as they execute on our strategies and goals . Risk Management Deep experience with enterprise risk management principles and concepts as well as experience in identifying, assessing, and managing risk at a large, complex organization. Risk and risk management plays a significant role in our industry. As such, we have established an aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite, and we need Directors with experience in avoiding and mitigating risks. Strategic Planning/M A Experience leading complex mergers, acquisitions, or divestitures and direct involvement in the integration of people, systems, data, and operations. Strategic planning is important for any company, including Huntington, and we must be able to seize opportunities as they come. It is important that we have Directors who are able to oversee our business development planning activities and evaluation of opportunities. Technology, Cybersecurity Information Security Knowledge in cybersecurity and information technology systems and developments, either through academia or industry experience. Experience leading technology strategy for a large organization or experience managing security risks at a large organization. Demographic Background** Independent Tenure (Years) 16 3 1 8* 7 16 7 22 1 1 2 5 17 5 5 Total Public Company Boards 1 1 3 2 2 2 2 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 2 Age (Years) 69 53 68 71 54 70 66 73 61 67 66 64 67 56 69 *Mr. Inglis previously served on the Board from 2016 to 2021, which is included in his tenure. **The as of date reflects the date of the 2026 Annual Meeting. 2026 Proxy Statement | 20 Table of Contents Election of Directors: Director Nominees Director Nominees The following provides biographical information regarding each of the nominees, including the specific business experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills that were considered, in addition to prior service on the Board, when the Board determined to nominate them. As described in the following biographical information, each nominee brings significant experience to the Board and the committees on which they serve, leading to the Board s determination that each of the nominees is well qualified to serve as a Director on Huntington s Board. 21 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Audit/Financial Reporting Client/Consumer Marketing, Branding Communication Compensation Human Capital Management Corporate Responsibility Financial Services Government, Public Policy Regulatory Strategic Planning/M A Key Experience and Skills 2026 Proxy Statement | 22 Election of Directors: Director Nominees Director since: 2010 Age: 69 Committees Audit Committee HRCC Ann B. (Tanny) Crane Career Highlights Executive Chair, Crane Group Company, and former President and CEO, Crane Group Company. Since 2003, she led Crane Group Company, a privately-held, diversified portfolio company comprised of businesses primarily serving the manufacturing and services markets, as well as managing investments in private equity firms and real estate and bond portfolios. She joined the manufacturer, Crane Plastics Company, in 1987 as Director of Human Resources, and became Vice President of Sales and Marketing in 1993. She was named President in 1996, and she transitioned from her role as President and CEO to Executive Chair of Crane Group Company in 2025. Previously served as Product Manager for Quaker Oats from 1982 to 1987 where she managed all aspects of multiple product lines. Appointed as a director for the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland in 2003. After serving as a director for five years, she was named chair of the board and served in that capacity for two years. Served on the board for Wendy s International from 2003 to 2007. Also served on the board for State Savings Bank from 1993 to 1998. Widely recognized for her and her company s philanthropy throughout Central Ohio. An accomplished executive who brings a wealth of knowledge of the financial services industry, community support and investment, and leadership to our Board, all of which make her qualified to serve as a Director. Education Holds a bachelor s degree in marketing and finance from The Ohio State University and a master of management in marketing and finance from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University. Table of Contents Election of Directors: Director Nominees Audit/Financial Reporting Client/Consumer Marketing, Branding Communication Compensation Human Capital Management Corporate Responsibility Financial Services Government, Public Policy Regulatory Legal Risk Management Strategic Planning/M A Technology, Cybersecurity Information Security Key Experience and Skills 23 | 2026 Proxy Statement Director since: 2023 Age: 53 Committees Executive Committee HRCC (Chair) Risk Oversight Committee Rafael Andres Diaz-Granados Career Highlights Chairman and CEO, TransForce, Inc., a CDL driver solutions company, since February 2024. Executive Chairman, Paragon Integrated Services Group, LLC, an energy and environmental services company, since February 2024, and previously served as Chairman and CEO, from 2020 to February 2024. Co-founder of Angeles Investors, a Hispanic angel investing non-profit group, since 2019, and a member of the board of directors, since 2020. CEO of Cetan Investments, LLC, a leadership, consulting, and angel investing firm since 2018. Previously served as a director, from 2019 to 2020, and then as President and CEO, during 2020, of Q Max Solutions Inc., a multinational oilfield services company. Previously served as a consultant at Spencer Stuart, a business consulting and services company, from 2016 to 2018. Prior to joining Paragon, Mr. Diaz-Granados also held multiple leadership positions with the General Electric Company (GE), including serving as Chief Restructuring Officer, GE Healthcare, General Counsel and Chief Commercial Officer of GE Latin America, CEO of GE Mexico, and CEO of GE Spain and Portugal. Prior to beginning his career at General Electric, Mr. Diaz-Granados was an attorney with O Melveny Myers, specializing in mergers and acquisitions. Served as a chairman of the board of Trachte LLC, from 2022 to 2024, and as a director from 2021 to 2022; serves as a member of the Latino Corporate Directors Association, since 2017, and previously served as vice-chair of the board of directors of the education foundation of the Latino Corporate Directors Association, from 2019 to 2021; served as an executive director of FIFARMA, from 2019 to 2022; served as a director of Massachusetts Growth Capital Corporation, from 2019 to 2021; and served as a director of the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, from 2016 to 2018. Brings to the Board extensive leadership and investing experience, turnaround and restructuring experience, and a proven track record of delivering strong top-line results, which makes him a valued member of the Board. Education Holds a bachelor s degree in economics from Harvard University and a juris doctor degree from Georgetown University Law Center. Table of Contents Election of Directors: Director Nominees Key Experience and Skills Audit/Financial Reporting Compensation Human Capital Management Corporate Responsibility Financial Services Risk Management Strategic Planning/M A 2026 Proxy Statement | 24 Director since: 2026 Age: 68 Other Current Public Company Directorships National Vision Holdings, Inc. Oxford Industries, Inc. Virginia A. Hepner Career Highlights Retired President and CEO of The Woodruff Arts Center, a nationally-esteemed visual and performing arts center in Atlanta, Georgia, having served in that position from July 2012 to July 2017. Ms. Hepner has over 25 years of corporate finance experience with Wachovia Bank and its predecessors, and she held numerous positions in corporate banking and capital markets until retiring in 2005 as an Executive Vice President. Served as a real estate investor, who also previously worked as a consultant to a media solutions company. She currently serves as a board member of the Westside Future Fund, the Community Foundation for Greater Atlanta Housing and GoAtl Committees, the Penn Institute of Urban Research, the Georgia Chapter of International Women s Forum, WABE Foundation, and the Russell Innovation Center Finance Committee. Brings significant financial services expertise, community support and investment, and financial acumen, which makes her a valuable addition to the Board. Education Holds a Bachelor of Science in Finance from the University of Pennsylvania s Wharton School of Business, and attended Northwestern University Kellogg School of Management. Other Prior Public Company Boards Within Five Years Prior to the Cadence Merger, she served on the Board of Directors for Cadence and its predecessors since its 2019 merger with State Bank Financial Corporation. Table of Contents Election of Directors: Director Nominees Key Experience and Skills Client/Consumer Marketing, Branding Communication Compensation Human Capital Management Corporate Responsibility Government, Public Policy Regulatory Risk Management Strategic Planning/M A Technology, Cybersecurity Information Security 25 | 2026 Proxy Statement Director since: 2023; 2016-202 1 Age: 71 Committees Executive Committee NCG Committee Technology Committee (Chair) Other Current Public Company Directorships American International Group, Inc. John C. (Chris) Inglis Career Highlights Former U.S. National Cyber Director at the Office of the National Cyber Director, an agency in the U.S. Government responsible for leading U.S. government strategy formulation on cybersecurity and for advising the President of the United States on matters related to cybersecurity, from 2021 to 2023. Prior to being appointed as the first U.S. National Cyber Director, Mr. Inglis served as a Commissioner on the U.S. Cyberspace Solarium Commission, a U.S. intergovernmental body charged by the U.S. Congress with making recommendations for U.S. national cyber strategy, from 2019 to 2020. Serves on the U.S. National Academy of Sciences Committee on International Security and Arms Control (CISAC) responsible for engaging other nations on arms control matters relating to nuclear and cyber technologies since 2023, a strategic advisor to Paladin Capital and Ballistic Capital, and as a member of the advisory boards of DataBahn, Andesite AI, Claroty, Semperis, and Secure Code Warrior cybersecurity companies. He also serves on the Board of Trustees for The MITRE Corporation and on the Board of Directors for American International Group, Inc., serving on the respective audit committee for each company. Served as Milanovitch Distinguished Chair of Cyber Studies at the U.S. Air Force Academy, from 2023 to 2025, was a member of the U.S. Navy Science and Technology Board, from 2023 to 2025, and served as Looker Professor of Cyber Studies at the U.S. Naval Academy, from July 2014 to July 2016, Served for 28 years at the National Security Agency (NSA) as a computer scientist and operational manager, retiring in 2014 as the Agency s deputy director and senior civilian leader. In this role, he acted as the NSA s chief operating officer responsible for guiding and directing strategies, operations, and policy. Served for 30 years in the U.S. Air Force (9 years active, followed by 21 years in the reserve component), from which he retired as Brigadier General in 2006. His military service included command at the squadron, group, and joint force headquarters and he holds a Command Pilot rating. Served as a director of KEYW Corp., and served on, or co-chaired, three U.S. Department of Defense Science Board studies on cyber threat and strategy. Served as a member of the U.S. Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency Advisory Council. Brings to the Board extensive leadership and cybersecurity expertise, which strengthens the governance of the Board, the NCG Committee, and the Technology Committee. Education Holds a bachelor s degree in engineering mechanics from the U.S. Air Force Academy and advance degrees in engineering and computer science from Columbia University, Johns Hopkins University, and George Washington University. He is also a graduate of the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University executive development program, the U.S. Air Force Air War College, Air Command and Staff College, and Squadron Officers School. Holds an honorary doctorate from the U.S. National Intelligence University, granted in 2023. Other Prior Public Company Boards Within Five Years Served on the board of FedEx Corporation, a transportation, e-commerce, and business services company, from 2015 to 2021. Table of Contents Election of Directors: Director Nominees Key Experience and Skills Client/Consumer Marketing, Branding Communication Compensation Human Capital Management Corporate Responsibility Financial Services Government, Public Policy Regulatory Public Company Executive Strategic Planning/M A Technology, Cybersecurity Information Security 2026 Proxy Statement | 26 Director since: 2019 Age: 54 Committees NCG Committee Technology Committee Other Current Public Company Directorships BILL Holdings, Inc. (formerly Bill.com Holdings, Inc.), lead independent director Katherine M. A. (Allie) Kline Career Highlights Founding Principal of LEO DIX, a boutique management consultancy firm, since 2020. Partner at Ethos Capital since 2024. Served as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing and Communications Officer for Verizon Media, the Verizon Communications, Inc. subsidiary consisting of 20+ distinctive digital brands reaching one billion consumers, including AOL, HuffPost, MAKERS, TechCrunch, Tumblr, Yahoo, Yahoo Finance, and Yahoo Sports. She served in this role from 2015 to 2018 following Verizon s acquisitions of AOL and Yahoo, where she was responsible for all consumer and B2B marketing, digital, communications, brand, and corporate citizenship. She simultaneously served as CEO of MAKERS. Held the position of Chief Marketing and Communications Officer for AOL from 2013 to 2015 prior to Verizon s acquisition of AOL in 2015. Held the position of Chief Marketing Officer for 33Across, a leading data and analytics company in the digital advertising space, from 2011 to 2012. Held the position of Vice President, Marketing for Brand Affinity Technologies, a digital sports and celebrity endorsement marketing platform, from 2008 to 2011. Serves as a board member and vice chairperson of the National Forest Foundation, board member of Identity Digital, and board member of 33Across. Founded and chaired the board of trustees of Verizon Media s Charitable Foundation and previously chaired the AOL Foundation. She also served on the executive committee for the Internet Advertising Bureau board of directors, and served on the board of The Female Quotient. Held digital media and marketing leadership positions with Unicast (acquired by Sizmek), InterVU (acquired by Akamai Technologies), and the Washington Wizards. Her experience and expertise in strategy, marketing, and communications with companies in high growth stages or amidst data and technology transformations as well as M A, innovation, and culture leadership make her a key member of the NCG Committee, Technology Committee, and the Board. Education Holds a bachelor s degree in corporate communications from Ithaca College. Other Prior Public Company Boards Within Five Years Served on the board of Waddell Reed Financial, Inc., an asset management and financial planning company, from 2020 to 2021. Served on the board of Pier 1 Imports, Inc., a retail chain specializing in imported home furnishings and d cor, from 2018 to 2020. Table of Contents Election of Directors: Director Nominees 27 | 2026 Proxy Statement Key Experience and Skills Audit/Financial Reporting Compensation Human Capital Management Corporate Responsibility Financial Services Government, Public Policy Regulatory Public Company Executive Risk Management Strategic Planning/M A Director since: 2010 Age: 70 Committees Audit Committee (Chair) Executive Committee NCG Committee Other Current Public Company Directorships Somnigroup International Inc. (formerly Tempur Sealy International, Inc.) Richard W. Neu Career Highlights Retired Chairman of MCG Capital Corporation, a Washington, D.C.-based publicly traded business development corporation providing financing to middle market companies throughout the U.S. Mr. Neu served as chairman of the board of MCG from 2009 until its sale to PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd in 2015. He also served as CEO of MCG from 2011 to 2012. He first joined the MCG board in 2007 and served as a member of the audit, nominating and corporate governance, and valuation and investment committees. Served as Executive Vice President, CFO, Treasurer, and director for both Charter One Financial, Inc. and Charter One Bank, from 1995 to 2004. He assumed the role of Executive Vice President, CFO, Treasurer following the merger of First Federal of Michigan and Charter One Financial, Inc. He joined First Federal of Michigan in 1985 as CFO and was elected to the board in 1992. Serves as the lead director, chair of the compensation committee, and as a member of the audit committee and nominating and governance committee on the board of Somnigroup International Inc. Served on the board of the Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group, from 2006 until its sale to Hertz Corporation in 2012. Mr. Neu served as the lead director from 2011 to 2012 and served as chairman of the board from 2010 to 2011. He previously served as chairman of the audit committee and as a member of the corporate governance committee. His professional experience includes seven years at a Big 4 public accounting firm, 20 years as a CFO of a major regional bank holding company, and 20 years in a variety of public company board roles. Possesses a comprehensive knowledge of our Bank markets, as well as extensive knowledge of the banking industry. He has led numerous bank acquisitions and integrations. His knowledge and diverse business experience, as well as financial acumen, make him a valued member of the Board and as Chair of the Audit Committee and member of the NCG Committee. Education Holds a bachelor s degree in business administration from Eastern Michigan University. Other Prior Public Company Boards Within Five Years Served on the board of Oxford Square Capital Corporation, a publicly-traded closed-end, management investment company, from 2016 to 2021. Table of Contents Election of Directors: Director Nominees Key Experience and Skills Audit/Financial Reporting Compensation Human Capital Management Financial Services Government, Public Policy Regulatory Legal Public Company Executive Risk Management Strategic Planning/M A Technology, Cybersecurity Information Security 2026 Proxy Statement | 28 Director since: 2019 Age: 66 Committees Executive Committee HRCC Risk Oversight Committee (Chair) Other Current Public Company Directorships Adtalem Global Education Inc. Kenneth J. Phelan Career Highlights Senior Advisor at Oliver Wyman, Inc., a global management consulting firm, since 2019. Served as Chief Risk Officer for the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the national treasury and finance department of the U.S. Government, from 2014 to 2019. In this role, Mr. Phelan established the department s Office of Risk Management to provide senior Treasury and other Administration officials with analysis of key risks, including credit, market, liquidity, operational, governance, and reputational risks across the department. He also served as Acting Director for the Office of Financial Research, an independent bureau within the Treasury Department charged with supporting the Financial Stability Oversight Council and conducting research about systemic risk. Serves on the Board of John Hancock Mutual Fund since November 2025. Served as CRO for RBS Americas, from 2011 to 2014. Possesses broad risk oversight expertise as well as extensive knowledge of the banking industry. His knowledge and experience strengthen the Board s governance and risk oversight and make him a key member of the Board and strong Chair of the Risk Oversight Committee. He was determined by the Board to be a risk management expert under the Federal Reserve s Regulation YY. Education Holds a bachelor s degree in business administration and finance from Old Dominion University, a master s degree in economics from Trinity College in Dublin, Ireland, and a juris doctor degree from Villanova University. Table of Contents Election of Directors: Director Nominees 29 | 2026 Proxy Statement Key Experience and Skills Audit/Financial Reporting Compensation Human Capital Management Corporate Responsibility Financial Services Government, Public Policy Regulatory Legal Risk Management Strategic Planning/M A Director since: 2003 Age: 73 Independent Lead Director Committees Executive Committee (Chair) NCG Committee (Chair) Risk Oversight Committee David L. Porteous Career Highlights Attorney at McCurdy, Wotila Porteous, P.C., a law firm, since 2008. Practiced law for more than 40 years with a focus on business, corporate, and municipal law and government relations. Prior to joining McCurdy, Wotila Porteous, he managed his own law practice for more than 20 years. Recognized authority on economic development and has served on the boards of the Michigan Economic Development Corporation; the Michigan Economic Growth Authority, where he was chairman of the executive committee; the Michigan Strategic Fund, where he was chairman; and the Michigan Chamber of Commerce. Former director of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis, where he chaired the audit committee. Served on the board of trustees of Michigan State University, where he was chairman of the board, from 2003 to 2006, and was a member of its finance and audit committees. Served as a director of Jackson National Life Insurance of New York, from 2002 to 2016, where he served as a member of the audit, risk, and compensation committees. Brings significant legal, economic, and leadership experience to the Board and the committees on which he serves. Education Holds a bachelor s degree in criminal justice from Michigan State University and a juris doctor degree from Western Michigan University, Cooley Law School. Table of Contents Election of Directors: Director Nominees Key Experience and Skills Compensation Human Capital Management Corporate Responsibility Financial Services Risk Management 2026 Proxy Statement | 30 Director since: 2026 Age: 61 Alice L. Rodriguez Career Highlights Co-Owner of Kendall Milagro Inc. since 2001, a boutique home builder in Dallas, Texas. Became actively involved in the business operations in 2022. Retired from JPMorgan Chase Co. (and its predecessors) in 2022 after 35 years of service where she held various executive leadership roles, most recently as head of its community impact organization and Managing Director. Serves as board member of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC, a privately held regulated electricity transmission and distribution company since 2021, and the chair of DreamSpring, a nonprofit community development financial institution. Serves as a director on the boards of the Latino Business Action Network, U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Education Fund, AVANCE, Inc, Perot Museum of Nature and Science, and Dallas Arboretum and Botanical Gardens. Served as former chair of the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce from 2020 to 2022. Brings significant financial services expertise, community service, and leadership experience, which makes her a valuable addition to the Board. Education Holds a Bachelor of Business Administration and Management from The University of Texas Rio Grande Valley. Other Prior Public Company Boards Within Five Years Prior to the Cadence Merger, she served on the Board of Directors for Cadence since January 2025. Table of Contents Election of Directors: Director Nominees Key Experience and Skills Audit/Financial Reporting Compensation Human Capital Management Corporate Responsibility Financial Services Government, Public Policy Regulatory Public Company Executive Risk Management Strategic Planning/M A Technology, Cybersecurity Information Security 31 | 2026 Proxy Statement Director since: 2026 Age: 67 James D. (Dan) Rollins III Career Highlights Vice Chairman of Huntington and Huntington Bank since the closing of the Cadence Merger on February 1, 2026. Previously served on the board of directors of Cadence (known as BancorpSouth Bank until October 2021) from 2012 and as Chairman of the Board of Cadence from April 2014 until the Cadence Merger; CEO of Cadence from November 2012 until the Cadence Merger. Prior to joining Cadence, Mr. Rollins served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Prosperity Bancshares, Inc., from 2006 to 2012. He is also a former director of Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. Before joining Prosperity Bancshares, Inc., Mr. Rollins worked for First State Bank and Trust Company. Mr. Rollins served as past chair of the American Bankers Association American Bankers Council. Mr. Rollins served as past chair of North Mississippi Health Services, Inc., one of the largest rural-based healthcare systems in the country, and he served as past chair of the Mississippi Economic Council. Served on the board of directors of Healthcare Foundation of North Mississippi. Brings significant financial services expertise, as well as knowledge of the Texas and southern markets and communities, which makes him a valuable addition to the Board. Education Holds a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance from the University of Texas at Austin. He is a graduate of the Southwestern Graduate School of Banking at Southern Methodist University and the National Commercial Lending School at the University of Oklahoma. Other Prior Public Company Boards Within Five Years Prior to the Cadence Merger, he served on the Board of Directors for Cadence and its predecessors since 2012. Table of Contents Election of Directors: Director Nominees 2026 Proxy Statement | 32 Key Experience and Skills Audit/Financial Reporting Client/Consumer Marketing, Branding Communication Compensation Human Capital Management Government, Public Policy Regulatory Public Company Executive Risk Management Strategic Planning/M A Technology, Cybersecurity Information Security Director since: 2024 Age: 66 Committees HRCC Technology Comm ittee Teresa H. Shea Career Highlights President, Oplnet, LLC, a business that provides expertise and experience to help government and commercial customers improve performance in the areas of national defense and intelligence, since 2022. Served as Vice President, Cyber Offense Defense Experts (CODEX) within Raytheon Intelligence and Space, an entity that provides cyber capabilities for offense, defense, and security initiatives for customers in the intelligence and defense industries, from 2019 to 2022. Served as Executive Vice President of Technology and a director of Cyber-Reboot at In-Q-Tel, a not-for-profit strategic investment firm that accelerates the development and delivery of cutting-edge technologies to the intelligence community and Department of Defense from the venture-backed tech start-up ecosystem, from 2016 to 2019. Joined In-Q-Tel after spending 32 years at the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA), where she held several leadership positions, including most recently as the Director of Signals Intelligence, where she advised the Directors of NSA, the Director of National Intelligence, U.S. Military officers, and other high-ranking U.S. government officials. Serves on the Invisible Technologies Advisory Board, the Georgia Institute of Technology Board of Advisors, and the Cigent Technology Inc. board of directors. Leverages expertise through board service, advising Sandbox AQ, a leader in Quantum Science, and Altana, a premier provider of Supply Chain Security solutions. Actively contributes to the cybersecurity community as Co-Chair of the Cyber Guild Organization and the National Cryptologic Foundation Board, both non-profit organizations dedicated to advancing cybersecurity. Brings significant leadership and cybersecurity expertise in the intelligence and national defense industries, which makes her a valuable member of the Board, HRCC, and Technology Committee. Education Holds a bachelor s degree in electrical engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology, a master s degree in electrical engineering from Johns Hopkins University, and the National Association of Corporate Directors Directorship Certification. Other Prior Public Company Boards Within Five Years Served on the board of ZeroFox Holdings, Inc., an enterprise software-as-a-service company, from 2023 to 2024. Table of Contents Election of Directors: Director Nominees Key Experience and Skills Audit/Financial Reporting Compensation Human Capital Management Corporate Responsibility Financial Services Government, Public Policy Regulatory Risk Management Strategic Planning/M A 33 | 2026 Proxy Statement Director since: 2021 Age: 64 Committees HRCC Risk Oversight Committee Roger J. Sit Career Highlights CEO, Global Chief Investment Officer, and Director at Sit Investment Associates, Inc., a privately-owned institutional investment management firm, since 2008. Served in the U.S. Air Force, attaining the rank of Captain. Has over 30 years of financial services experience, including as vice president and senior equity research analyst at Goldman Sachs Co. Served on the investment committee of the McKnight Foundation, a family foundation that is focused on advancing a more just, creative, and abundant future where people and the planet thrive. Previously, Mr. Sit served on the board of the McKnight Foundation and as a member of the executive committee and is a past chair of the finance and audit committee and the investment committee. Brings significant leadership and financial services expertise, making him a valuable member of our Board. Education Holds a bachelor s degree in management from the U.S. Air Force Academy, a master s degree in systems management from the University of Southern California, and a master s degree in business administration from the Harvard Business School. Other Prior Public Company Boards Within Five Years Prior to the TCF Merger in 2021, he served on the board of TCF (formerly Chemical Financial Corporation) since its 2019 merger with legacy TCF, the board of which he had served on since 2015. Table of Contents Election of Directors: Director Nominees 2026 Proxy Statement | 34 Key Experience and Skills Audit/Financial Reporting Client/Consumer Marketing, Branding Communication Compensation Human Capital Management Corporate Responsibility Financial Services Government, Public Policy Regulatory Public Company Executive Risk Management Strategic Planning/M A Director since: 2009 Age: 67 Committees Executive Committee Other Current Public Company Directorships Bath Body Works, Inc . Stephen D. Steinour Career Highlights Chairman, President, and CEO of Huntington and President and CEO of Huntington Bank, since January 2009. Mr. Steinour was also Chairman of Huntington Bank until the TCF Merger in 2021. He joined Huntington from CrossHarbor Capital Partners, a recognized leading manager of alternative investments, where he served as a Managing Partner, from 2008 to 2009. Served in various executive roles for Citizens Financial Group, from 1992 to 2008, with responsibilities for credit, risk management, wholesale and regional banking, consumer lending, technology, and operations, among others. He was named President in 2005 and CEO in 2007. Serves as a member of the audit committee and as a member of the human capital and compensation committee on the board of Bath Body Works, Inc. Serves as a trustee of The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center and co-chair of The Columbus Partnership. He serves as a member of the board of Battelle Memorial Institute including as chair of the human resources, compensation, and governance committee and as a member of the accelerator growth committee. Member of the Board of the Bank Policy Institute and Member of the Ohio Business Roundtable and The Clearing House. Former director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, from 2017 to 2019. Served on the board of trustees of Liberty Property Trust, is a former trustee of the Eisenhower Fellowships and the National Constitution Center, and past chairman of the Greater Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce. With more than 40 years of experience in all aspects of banking, he brings extensive leadership experience, as well as broad knowledge of the banking industry to the Board and his role as CEO. Education Holds a bachelor s degree in economics from Gettysburg College and completed the Stanford University Graduate School of Business Executive Program. Other Prior Public Company Boards Within Five Years Served on the board of L Brands, Inc., a specialty retail company, from 2014 until it split into separate companies in 2021; continued on the board of Bath Body Works, Inc. Served on the board of Exelon Corporation, a utility services holding company, from 2007 to 2020. Table of Contents Election of Directors: Director Nominees 35 | 2026 Proxy Statement Key Experience and Skills Audit/Financial Reporting Compensation Human Capital Management Financial Services Public Company Executive Risk Management Strategic Planning/M A Director since: 2021 Age: 56 Committees Audit Committee NCG Committee Jeffrey L. Tate Career Highlights CFO of Dow Inc., a global chemical and plastics manufacturer, since 2023. Mr. Tate re-joined Dow after serving as CFO and Executive Vice President of Leggett Platt, a diversified manufacturer, from 2019 to 2023. Previously served as Vice President and Business Finance Director for the Packaging and Specialty Plastics segment of Dow, from 2017 to 2019. Mr. Tate directed and oversaw all finance activities at Dow to provide strategic and financial counsel for the businesses. He also served as Chief Auditor of Dow, from 2012 to 2017, with responsibility for leading internal audit and corporate investigations globally. Began his career with Dow in Louisiana in 1992 and held a variety of accounting and controller roles before relocating to Michigan for several finance leadership assignments in Dow Automotive, Investor Relations, Performance Materials, and Performance Plastics. Chosen as CFO of the Year by the National Association of Black Accountants in 2020. In 2020 and 2012, he was named to Savoy Magazine s Top 100 Most Influential Blacks in Corporate America. Serves as a member of the Financial Executives International, the Executive Leadership Council, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Incorporated. Previously served on the PCAOB Standing Advisory Group. Brings significant finance and accounting expertise, making him a key member of the Board and Audit Committee. Education Holds a bachelor s degree in accounting from the University of Alabama and is a Certified Public Accountant. Other Prior Public Company Boards Within Five Years Prior to the TCF Merger in 2021, he served on the board of TCF (formerly Chemical Financial Corporation) since its 2019 merger with legacy TCF, the board of which he had served on since 2017 . Table of Contents Election of Directors: Director Nominees 2026 Proxy Statement | 36 Key Experience and Skills Audit/Financial Reporting Compensation Human Capital Management Corporate Responsibility Financial Services Government, Public Policy Regulatory Legal Public Company Executive Risk Management Strategic Planning/M A Director since: 2021 Age: 69 Other Current Public Company Directorships DTE Energy Company Gary Torgow Career Highlights Chairman of The Huntington National Bank, since 2021. Previously served as the executive chairman of TCF (known as Chemical Financial Corporation until 2019) from 2016 until the TCF Merger in 2021; previously served as executive chairman of Talmer Bancorp, Inc. until its merger with Chemical Financial Corporation (later renamed TCF in 2019). Before joining Talmer, Mr. Torgow founded and chaired the Sterling Group, a Michigan-based real estate and development company. Serves as a director of Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan, one of the state s largest medical insurers. Mr. Torgow serves as the Chairman of the Business Leaders for Michigan, a roundtable of the top 100 CEOs and Chairpeople of the state s leading companies. Serves as President of Jewish Federations of North America and as President of Yeshiva Beth Yehudah. Mr. Torgow is the 2026 NAACP Fight for Freedom Fund Dinner Chairman, and he is a recipient of the NAACP s James Weldon Lifetime Achievement Award and the Urban League s Distinguished Warrior Award. He is well known throughout Michigan for his business and philanthropic activities. Brings significant financial services expertise, as well as deep knowledge about the Midwest, Detroit, and Michigan marketplaces, making him a valued member of the Board. Education Holds a bachelor s degree in history from Yeshiva University and a law degree from Wayne State University, where he received the Distinguished Alumni Award. Holds honorary doctorates from Alma College and Eastern Michigan University. Other Prior Public Company Boards Within Five Years Prior to the TCF Merger in 2021, he served as the executive chairman of TCF (formerly Chemical Financial Corporation) since 2016. Table of Contents Compensati on of Directors Our compensation philosophy for the Board is to provide compensation to non-employee Directors that reflects the significant time commitment and substantial contributions the Directors are expected to make to the value creation and governance of Huntington. The compensation levels and structure for Directors are designed, with the input of the independent compensation consultant, to enable us to attract and retain high caliber talent at a national level and also to align the Directors interests with those of our shareholders. The program is retainer-based and paid in a combination of cash and equity. A meaningful portion of Director compensation is paid in equity that is subject to ownership requirements. Meeting fees are paid in cash only when the number of meetings exceed a certain threshold. Messrs. Rollins, Steinour, and Torgow do not receive compensation for their service as a Director. The HRCC performs a review of the compensation program for Directors each year facilitated by the independent compensation consultant. In July 2025, the HRCC and Board approved the changes to Director compensation as set forth in the table below to align with market practices, as Director compensation had last been adjusted in 2021. Following this increase, which brings Director compensation slightly above the median, the HRCC does not expect to make significant changes to the Director compensation for several years The Annual Cash Retainer increase was effective immediately and the Annual Equity Retainer increase is effective as of April 1, 2026, subject to an incremental cash payment made in lieu of the increase in 2025 as described below. Compensation Annual Cash Retainer 2024 Annual Cash Retainer 2025 Annual Equity Retainer 2024 Annual Equity Retainer 2025 Board Board Retainer $ 100,000 $ 100,000 $ 137,500 $ 155,000 Lead Independent Director Retainer $ 75,000 $ 75,000 $ $ Event Fee* $ 2,000 $ 2,000 $ $ Board Meeting Fee** $ 2,000 $ 2,000 $ $ Committees Committee Chair Retainer (Audit, HRCC, ROC) $ 40,000 $ 40,000 $ 20,000 $ 20,000 Committee Chair Retainer (NCG, Technology) $ 30,000 $ 40,000 $ $ 20,000 Committee Chair Retainer (Executive Committee)*** $ 30,000 $ 30,000 $ $ Committee Chair Retainer (Integration Oversight Committee) $ $ 40,000 $ $ Committee Member Retainer (Audit, ROC) $ 15,000 $ 15,000 $ $ Committee Member Retainer (HRCC, NCG, Technology)*** $ 7,500 $ 10,000 $ $ Committee Member Retainer (Integration Oversight Committee) $ $ 10,000 $ $ Committee Meeting Fee** $ 2,000 $ 2,000 $ $ * An event fee is paid when, at Huntington s request, a Director attends or participates in an event or meeting in their capacity as a Director. Such events could include conferences hosted by regulators, regional bank visits, or Huntington-sponsored training. A meaningful portion of Director compensation is paid in equity that is subject to ownership requirements. Equity grants for Directors are in the form of deferred stock units. The deferred stock units are vested upon grant but not released to Directors until the later of six months following separation of service or one year from the date of grant. Director Equity Compensation Election of Directors: Compensation of Directors 37 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Election of Directors: Compensation of Directors ** A $2,000 per meeting fee is paid only when meetings exceed: 20 meetings in a calendar year for the Audit Committee and the Risk Oversight Committee; 8 meetings in a calendar year for all other committees; or 15 meetings in a calendar year for the Board. If the threshold for any committee (or the full Board) is not exceeded, then no meeting fee is paid for that meeting. ***These chair and member retainers also applied to the Community Development Committee for its two meetings held in 2025 prior to its integration into the NCG Committee, which occurred before the 2025 compensation increases took effect. All fees payable in cash are paid in quarterly installments. A Director may defer all or a portion of the cash and equity compensation payable to the Director through participation in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan. Director Compensation 2025 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (3)(4) Stock Awards ($) (5) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Alanna Y. Cotton (1) 38,334 38,334 Ann B. (Tanny) Crane 153,875 137,486 291,361 Rafael Andres Diaz-Granados 205,168 157,487 362,655 Gina D. France (1) 51,668 51,668 J. Michael Hochschwender (1) 45,834 45,834 John C. (Chris) Inglis 194,375 137,486 331,861 Richard H. King (1) 38,334 38,334 Katherine M.A. (Allie) Kline 144,250 137,486 281,736 Richard W. Neu 194,375 157,487 351,862 Kenneth J. Phelan 184,875 157,487 342,362 David L. Porteous 343,500 137,486 480,986 Teresa H. Shea 147,750 137,486 285,236 Roger J. Sit 151,875 137,486 289,361 Jeffrey L. Tate 141,375 137,486 278,861 Gary Torgow (2) 144,430 144,430 (1) Service on the Board concluded immediately after our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders for each of Messrs. Hochschwender and King and Mses. Cotton and France. (2) The All Other Compensation column for Mr. Torgow includes $42,751 related to Mr. Torgow s use of security personnel provided by Huntington (representing the cost of salary and overtime costs for the personnel) and $101,679 related to administrative support and use of office space. These benefits are provided to Mr. Torgow pursuant to a side letter with Huntington dated May 31, 2024, which expires on June 9, 2027, under which Mr. Torgow provides advisory services to Huntington, including advice on the development, strengthening, and growth of customer, community, and local government relationships. Pursuant to the terms of the side letter, Mr. Torgow receives no compensation for his service on Huntington s Board. (3) Amounts include fees deferred by participating Directors under the Director Deferred Compensation Plan. The Board Annual Equity Retainer increased from $137,500 to $155,000 on July 16, 2025, effective April 1, 2026. This increase was approved after the Annual Equity Retainers had been issued on May 1, 2025 and, accordingly, the Directors received cash payments on October 21, 2025 of $8,750, and January 26, 2026 of $8,750, in lieu of an incremental equity award for this year of transition, which are reported as cash fees earned in 2025. (4) On May 1, 2025, grants of 10,772 deferred stock units were made to the chairs of the Audit Committee, HRCC, and Risk Oversight Committee, and grants of 9,404 deferred stock units were made to each other Director under the 2024 Long-Term Incentive Plan. These deferred stock unit awards will be credited with an additional number of deferred stock units to reflect reinvested dividend equivalents with respect to the period of time between the date of grant and the delivery of shares. All awards were vested upon grant but are not released until the later of six months following separation of service or one year from the date of grant. This column reflects the grant date fair value in accordance with FASB Topic 718 and is equal to the number of units times the fair market value (the closing price of a share of common stock) on the last trading day prior to the date of grant. (5) The HRCC has granted deferred stock awards to non-employee Directors each year since 2006. The Directors' deferred stock unit awards outstanding as of December 31, 2025, are set forth in the table below. Pursuant to a Letter Agreement, dated October 26, 2025, by and between James D. (Dan) Rollins III and Huntington, Mr. Rollins provides advisory services to Huntington, including working with the CEO to integrate business and operations and formulate and implement strategy for Texas and southern operations; partnering with the CEO to manage the transition of key Cadence stakeholders, including employees and customers; and providing general strategic advice, guidance, and assistance to the CEO. On or about February 1, 2026, Mr. Rollins received $10 million, and thereafter his Letter Agreement states that he receives an annual cash fee in the amount of $6 million with respect to the first 12-month period of the term, $5 million with respect to the second 2026 Proxy Statement | 38 Table of Contents Election of Directors: Compensation of Directors 12-month period of the term, and $4 million with respect to the third 12-month period of the term. Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, Mr. Rollins receives no compensation for his service on Huntington's Board. Name Deferred Stock Awards Outstanding Alanna Y. Cotton Ann B. (Tanny) Crane 181,381 Rafael Andres Diaz-Granados 34,696 Gina D. France J. Michael Hochschwender John C. (Chris) Inglis 33,303 Richard H. King Katherine M.A. (Allie) Kline 88,755 Richard W. Neu 213,981 Kenneth J. Phelan 94,445 David L. Porteous 198,012 Teresa H. Shea 20,275 Roger J. Sit 51,168 Jeffrey L. Tate 51,168 39 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Election of Directors: Compensation of Directors Director Deferred Compensation Plan We offer a deferred compensation program that allows the members of the Board to elect to defer receipt of all or a portion of the cash and equity compensation payable to them in the future for services as Directors. Amounts deferred will accrue interest, earnings, and losses at the market rate of the investment option selected by the participant. The investment options consist of Huntington common stock and a variety of mutual funds that are generally available under and/or consistent with the types of investment options available under our tax-qualified 401(k) Plan for colleagues. A Director s account will be distributed either in a lump sum or in annual installments, as elected by each Director, following the age or date specified by the Director at the time the deferral election was made, or the Director s termination as a Director. All the assets of the current and predecessor plans are subject to the claims of our creditors. As of December 31, 2025, the participating Directors accounts under the current and predecessor plans were substantially comprised of Huntington common stock and had the values set forth in the table below. Participating Directors Account Balance at December 31, 2025 Alanna Y. Cotton $ 1,037,054 Ann B. (Tanny) Crane $ 1,690,106 Rafael Andres Diaz-Granados $ 484,166 Gina D. France $ 461,593 J. Michael Hochschwender John C. (Chris) Inglis $ 37,393 Richard H. King $ 382,839 Katherine M.A. (Allie) Kline $ 105,156 Richard W. Neu $ 4,374,895 Kenneth J. Phelan $ 994,814 David L. Porteous $ 1,858,585 Teresa H. Shea $ 208,263 Roger J. Sit $ 744,347 Jeffrey L. Tate $ 87,855 In addition, Ms. France has an account balance under a FirstMerit Corporation deferred compensation plan valued at $186,719 as of December 31, 2025. The investment options consist of Huntington common stock and a variety of mutual funds that are generally available under and/or consistent with the types of investment options available under our tax-qualified 401(k) Plan for colleagues. 2026 Proxy Statement | 40 Table of Contents Huntington and its Board are committed to strong corporate governance and to continually enhancing our practices so that we are better positioned to create shareholder value over time. Our Board is structured to provide effective and independent oversight of Huntington s corporate governance framework, which served us well in 2025 to grow Huntington s business organically and through the mergers with Veritex and Cadence. Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Corpor ate Governance Commitmen t to Good Governance Practices Huntington s Board and management believe that strong corporate governance is critical to our long-term strategy and success. Executive management and the Board work together to not only maintain legal and regulatory compliance with respect to our governance practices, but to also implement a robust governance framework with hallmarks of transparency and effectiveness. By having appropriate governance practices in place, we are better equipped to operate efficiently, keep pace with market trends and shareholder expectations, and remain compliant with regulatory expectations. We have a strong base to grow the business organically as well as springboard into new markets and lines of business. Moreover, Huntington understands that the governance landscape is constantly changing and evolving. Huntington seeks to continually monitor its practices with a view towards enhancing them over time to align with best practices and shareholder expectations. Shareholder Outreach and Engagement We value the views of our investors and welcome feedback from them. The NCG Committee, on behalf of our Board, oversees our shareholder outreach and engagement practices. Typically, members of management, and on occasion the independent Lead Director, hold conversations about governance and executive compensation matters with our largest investors biannually. During 2025, we were actively engaged in discussions with Huntington s shareholders. These conversations are summarized for the NCG Committee, and thus, providing the Board with valuable insight into shareholder expectations. As part of 2025 autumn outreach, we sent invitations to investors collectively holding approximately 60% of outstanding common stock* and held meetings with investors owning in the aggregate approximately 23% of outstanding common stock* * As of 12/31/25. We reach out to our investors throughout the year, and we seek perspectives on governance and other topics such as: Huntington s disclosures; Evolving investor policies; Board refreshment, size, and structure; Topics of interest including Huntington s mergers and acquisitions activity, AI, and Corporate Responsibility; Executive compensation; and Other governance issues of interest. Huntington believes that shareholder engagement is an ongoing process that should occur throughout the year during multiple touchpoints. Therefore, we have developed a robust process that allows us to maintain contact with shareholders and other market participants throughout the year. In addition to hearing from investors about their positions and expectations, we seek to develop and strengthen relationships with them. 41 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance: Commitment to Good Governance Practices Our Corporate Governance, Investor Relations, and Total Rewards teams work closely together to provide an effective, integrated engagement program that positively impacts our shareholders and their representatives. The following provides an overview of our engagement process: 2025 Engagement Process Early Spring Publish our proxy statement and annual report; may seek to engage with shareholders depending on the proposals to be voted upon Mid-Spring Annual shareholder meeting with members of the Board and executive management in attendance; analyze voting results following the annual meeting to evaluate shareholder support Autumn Engage with institutional shareholders through scheduled calls and video conferences that primarily focus on governance, executive compensation, and other emerging trends and topics Continuous Throughout the year, we engage with shareholders and others during conferences, road shows, and earnings calls During the 2025 autumn outreach calls, we solicited shareholder feedback primarily on our corporate governance framework, Huntington s acquisition and integration strategy, and executive compensation. Our independent Lead Director, Mr. Porteous, also has been a frequent speaker on governance matters at director forums and with investors. Feedback from these engagements was summarized and presented to the NCG Committee so that the Board understands what issues are most important to shareholders. The following table sets forth some of the most frequent feedback we received and how we are addressing it: What we heard How we are addressing it Shareholders sought insights as to Huntington s corporate governance structure, including Board size with desired composition and skills, committee structure, and Director leadership development. 1. We regularly evaluate Director skills, tenure, and Board composition. As part of the Cadence acquisition, Huntington determined that it is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to add three new members to the Huntington Board. The new Directors bring valuable experience in financial services and the new markets. 2. Huntington consolidated committees with the dissolution of the Community Development Committee and aligned the Corporate Responsibility reporting through the NCG Committee. 3. Huntington appointed new chairs to the HRCC and Technology Committee to develop Director leadership. Shareholders inquired about Huntington s merger and acquisition strategy along with Huntington s integration plans for acquired companies. Veritex and Cadence provided Huntington with an invaluable opportunity to expand its footprint into high growth markets. Aside from the economic compatibility, the Veritex and Cadence cultures and values aligned with Huntington s culture and values, which made both acquisitions a great fit for Huntington. Shareholders continued to emphasize the importance of aligning compensation with Company performance. In 2025, PSUs now comprise 60% of the total annual long-term incentive grant value for our CEO (up from 55%) and 55% for our other NEOs (up from 50%). Shareholders inquired about the Board s oversight of AI and related risk management. Huntington continues to scope use cases for colleagues to use AI internally with oversight from the Board, Risk Oversight Committee, and the Technology Committees. 2026 Proxy Statement | 42 Table of Contents Corporate Governance: Corporate Responsibility Communications with the Board Shareholders and other interested parties who wish to send communications to the Board may find information on the Board of Directors page accessible through our website at ir.huntington.com. Communications may be directed to the Board, a committee of the Board, the independent Lead Director, the independent Directors as a group, or an individual Director by indicating in the communication to whom it should be directed. The Office of the Corporate Secretary circulates communications to the appropriate Director or Directors, except for those communications that are of a personal nature or unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the Board, including, without limitation, routine customer service matters, commercial solicitations, employment resumes, and mass mailings. For those customers seeking support, please refer to the Customer Service page on Huntington s website. Corporat e Responsibility With oversight from the Board, Huntington focuses on issues important to our business and stakeholders, and our commitment to doing the right thing for all of our constituents serves as a strategic driver for growth. The responsible way in which we operate our Company enables us to live Our Purpose of making people s lives better, helping businesses thrive, and strengthening the communities we serve. We use the platform of Corporate Responsibility to help describe and report on the work we do every day to deliver value for our stakeholders. As a public company, our economic impact begins with our commitment to creating sustainable, long-term shareholder value through top-tier performance, while maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite and a well-capitalized position. Our economic impact includes helping individuals and families reach their goals of financial stability and homeownership; providing businesses, especially small and mid-sized businesses, with the resources to grow; serving and supporting the underbanked and working in partnership to create more prosperous and resilient communities. Because we believe purpose drives performance," our enterprise commitment to Corporate Responsibility is closely integrated with our core performance objectives. Oversight of our Corporate Responsibility framework is provided by the Board s NCG Committee, with defined roles and responsibilities assigned across senior leaders and working groups throughout the Company. Guided by the ELT, our Corporate Responsibility priorities are incorporated into governance, strategy, and operations grounded in the considerations that we believe are most important to our stakeholders. This approach ensures that we formalize and standardize to the way we integrate responsible business practices into our Board and executive management decision-making and business strategy. Additionally, we are guided by our Stakeholder Prioritization Assessment, which was refreshed in 2025 and has helped us focus our reporting on the topics of most importance to our stakeholders and business. Corporate Responsibility Reporting This Proxy Statement provides only a high-level overview of our Corporate Responsibility initiatives. Our 2025 Corporate Responsibility Report and 2025 Climate Report will be issued later this year, which will be available on the Investor Relations pages of Huntington s website at ir.huntington.com. None of the reports referenced herein are a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Proxy Statement. Human Capital and Inclusion At Huntington, Welcome means Welcome to all. We are committed to maintaining a culture where everyone feels welcome, safe, and respected, empowering our colleagues to perform at their best. We work every day to create a workplace that helps us attract, develop, and retain the best talent for Huntington so that we can deliver for our customers and win in the market. Maintaining a caring and inclusive environment involves embracing different skills, backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives and having a workforce that reflects our communities helps us better understand and meet the needs of our customers. By embracing each colleague s uniqueness, our caring and inclusive culture comes to life. Highlights: 2025 Company Engagement Survey indicates strong cultural alignment, high pride and personal accomplishment, and branch and in-store momentum with colleagues describing the culture as "inclusive" and "welcoming." Over 82% of colleagues responded they would recommend Huntington as a great place to work. During 2025, colleagues at Huntington completed over 500,000 training hours. Awards include a 2025 Certified TM Great Place to Work for the seventh consecutive year. 43 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance: Corporate Responsibility Community Development and Philanthropy We are committed to delivering sustainable, long-term shareholder value through financial performance, while maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite and a well-capitalized position. We align our corporate strategy to Our Purpose of helping others and building upon our market-leading, purpose-driven bank through focused efforts on the environmental and social issues most important to our business and our stakeholders. Through the connections we make, we help our customers manage and control their finances and their livelihoods, and these connections help us better understand the needs of our customers and the communities we serve. Highlights: Huntington received an "Outstanding" rating from the OCC on its most recent Community Reinvestment Act performance evaluation. In June 2021, we made a five-year, $40 billion commitment toward our Community Plan to strengthen small businesses and foster opportunity throughout our footprint, and we have exceeded our commitment through 2025. During 2025, Huntington colleagues provided nearly 30,000 volunteer hours to approximately 1,200 organizations across our footprint, including foodbanks, homeless shelters, local schools, senior housing, and afterschool programs. Climate Risk and Environmental Huntington supports environmental stewardship, reflecting our commitment to mitigating the effects of climate change and reducing our reliance on natural resources. We continue to report our progress by regularly updating our environmental disclosures with multiple external raters. Our 2024 Climate Report provides an update on our emissions reduction efforts. We have made significant investments in climate risk management and environmental reporting to support business continuity and prepare for emerging regulatory expectations. Our 2025 Corporate Responsibility Report and 2025 Climate Report will be issued later this year. Highlights: Over $14 million invested in environmental sustainability-related projects implemented at Huntington facilities. 286 ENERGY STAR-certified bank branches, comprising 62% of all ENERGY STAR-certified bank branches across the country. Innovative products and guidance provided to customers so they can proactively respond to climate risks and the transition to a low-carbon economy. Stakeholder Prioritization Assessment To help ensure our Corporate Responsibility commitments and initiatives align to our stakeholders priorities, Huntington refreshed its Stakeholder Prioritization Assessment in 2025 with the assistance of a third-party consultant. You can read more about our most recent Stakeholder Prioritization Assessment by reviewing our 2024 Corporate Responsibility Report. We are committed to aligning with our key stakeholders. In addition to the periodic stakeholder assessments, another avenue we use to learn about the importance of various Corporate Responsibility topics is through our shareholder outreach that takes place throughout the year. Information about some of this year s topics discussed during these engagements can be found under the Shareholder Outreach and Engagement subsection. 2026 Proxy Statement | 44 Table of Contents Corporate Governance: Continually Assessing and Enhancing Director Skills and Board Effectiveness Continua lly Assessing and Enhancing Director Skills and Board Effectiveness The NCG Committee regularly assesses the composition of the Board to ensure that the appropriate knowledge, skills, and experience are represented. A robust refreshment and succession planning process has been established to enhance the Board s current set of skills, to plan for known Director retirements, and to be ready for unplanned changes. Board Refreshment and Succession Planning The Board is committed to maintaining a well-rounded and effective membership to better ensure overall Board effectiveness, meaningful oversight of the Company s business strategy, and the Company s long-term success. At least annually, the NCG Committee assesses the size of the Board and reviews its composition to ensure that the appropriate knowledge, skills, and experience are represented, in the Committee s judgment. The Board is committed to an ongoing refreshment process. Effective immediately after the April 16, 2025, Annual Meeting of Shareholders, four Directors left the Board of Directors: Alanna Cotton, Gina France, J. Michael Hochschwender, and Richard King. As part of the Cadence acquisition, three new Directors were added as of February 1, 2026: Virginia A. Hepner, Alice L. Rodriguez, and James D. (Dan) Rollins III. The Board recognizes that it is critical to maintain a range of tenures to ensure sufficient experience for Board leadership positions, Board continuity, and institutional knowledge through economic cycles. The tenures of our current Directors range from less than one year to more than 20 years (as of the date of the 2026 Annual Meeting). 45 | 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance: Continually Assessing and Enhancing Director Skills and Board Effectiveness Director Qualifications Factors considered by the NCG Committee and the Board in their review of potential candidates include: Whether the candidate has exhibited behavior that indicates they are committed to the highest ethical standards. The candidate s experience in the financial services industry and with risk management and compensation practices. The candidate s general business knowledge and special skills, expertise, and background that would complement the attributes of the existing Directors. The candidate s leadership and prominence within their business, governmental, or professional activities and whether their reputation demonstrates the ability to make the kind of important and sensitive judgments that the Board is called upon to make. The candidate s background considering the backgrounds of the existing Board members. The candidate s willingness to challenge management while working constructively as part of a team in an environment of collegiality, confidence, and trust. A determination of whether the candidate will be able to devote sufficient time and energy to the performance of their duties as a Director based on their current and potential commitments. The existence of any conflicts of interest. Selection and Recruitment of Directors One of the most important duties carried out by the NCG Committee is the selection and recruitment of new Board members. Through the NCG Committee s structured process, the Board can be better assured that it is positioned to properly oversee the Company now and in the future. The NCG Committee thoroughly reviews the qualifications of potential Director candidates, as well as those Directors standing for reelection and makes recommendations to the full Board. Each of the Director nominees meets the standards listed in the Board Refreshment and Succession Planning subsection above. From time to time, the NCG Committee will identify additional selection criteria for Board membership, taking into consideration the Company s business strategy, the business environment, and current Board composition. The NCG Committee may also use a third-party search firm to seek out candidates for the Board. When seeking out individuals for appointment to the Board, the NCG Committee and Board undertake a rigorous screening process. This process helps ensure that the right individuals are selected for directorship. The following sets forth the typical selection and recruitment process: Sources for candidates Candidate pool In-depth review Recommendation to the Board Board review The NCG Committee and Board consider potential candidates submitted by Directors, management, search firms, shareholders, and self-nominees. Director searches include a slate of candidates with various backgrounds, skills, and experiences. Certain Directors meet with potential candidates. Consider candidates backgrounds, skills, and experiences. Review candidates for independence and potential conflicts. The NCG Committee makes a recommendation to the Board following the review process. Following the NCG Committee s recommendation, the full Board will vote on the candidate s appointment. The Director Onboarding and Continuing Education subsection describes the process that new Directors undergo to assist with their acclimation to the Board and Company. Individuals who wish to recommend individuals for directorship are encouraged to review the General Information on Voting and the Annual Meeting section. 2026 Proxy Statement | 46 Table of Contents Corporate Governance: Continually Assessing and Enhancing Director Skills and Board Effectiveness Regular Board Evaluations Candid and thorough Board evaluations are necessary to ensure that the Board and committees are productive and operating efficiently. The self-assessment is also used to shape the Board and its composition so that it is best positioned to oversee Huntington s long-term strategy and continued success. The NCG Committee oversees a Board evaluation process for the Board and its committees each year. Regular evaluation is critical to assessing strengths and identifying areas for enhancement, and the annual process is designed to ensure that Board members are free to speak openly and candidly. Periodically, the Board will engage an experienced third party to facilitate the Board s self-assessment and assessments of individual Directors. As part of the Board evaluation process, t