=== EXE_2026-04-24.htm.gz ===
United States Securities and Exchange Commission Washington, D.C. 20549 Schedule 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under .240.14a-12 EXPAND ENERGY CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 EXPAND ENERGY CORPORATION // 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 10000 ENERGY DRIVE / SPRING, TX 77389 EXPANDENERGY.COM PROXY STATEMENT Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders / June 4, 2026 Table of Contents SHAREHOLDER LETTER Letter to Shareholders 1 NOTICE AND ROADMAP Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 2 Voting Matters 2 HIGHLIGHTS 2025 2026 Operational and Financial Highlights 3 2025 Sustainability Progress 4 2025 Corporate Governance Highlights 5 VOTING AND MEETING INFORMATION Voting and Meeting Information 6 GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1: Election of Directors 10 2026 Director Nominees 11 Board Composition 16 Director Balance and Background 17 How We Oversee and Manage Enterprise Risk 18 Investor Engagement 20 Board Leadership Structure 22 Service on Other Boards 24 Director Retirement Policy 24 Committees of the Board of Directors 26 2025 Director Compensation 30 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation (Say on Pay) for 2025 32 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 33 Q A with Brian Steck, Compensation Committee Chair 35 Compensation Actions for 2025 39 AUDIT MATTERS PROPOSAL 3: Ratification of PwC as Independent Auditor for 2026 64 PwC s Fees and Services 65 SHARE OWNERSHIP Securities Ownership of Officers and Directors 66 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 66 Holdings of Major Shareholders 67 Equity Compensation Plans 67 SHAREHOLDER MATTERS Submitting Proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting 68 Shareholder Engagement and Corporate Responsibility 68 Forward-Looking Statements 69 Appendix Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 69 2025 was a year of leading execution and strategic progress, delivering meaningful value creation for our shareholders. After the Merger, we set ambitious goals for integration, capital efficiency and financial strength. I m proud to report that Expand Energy delivered often ahead of plan. Dear Fellow Shareholders, Michael A. Wichterich Chairman of the Board, Interim President and Chief Executive Officer Delivering More for Less We accelerated and increased our Merger-related synergies, primarily driven by our Haynesville performance. Expand Energy fundamentally reset basin economics, lowering our Haynesville breakevens by approximately 15% and establishing ourselves as the region s low-cost producer. In 2025, we achieved rigorous capital discipline across our portfolio, reducing gross debt by approximately $1.2 billion since Merger close while also returning $865 million to shareholders. We leveraged our differentiated productive capacity and hedging strategy to capture improving natural gas fundamentals, mitigate price volatility and deliver nearly $200 million in realized hedge gains during the year. Due to durable improvements we made to our base business, we can now produce approximately 7.5 Bcfe per day, while spending approxi-mately $225 million less in maintenance capital than a year ago. That s the definition of capital efficiency. Competing Beyond the Wellhead The natural gas market has fundamentally changed, driven in part by a global need for more energy. Natural gas provides the only affordable, reliable, dispatchable, scalable, lower carbon solution. As North Amer-ica s largest natural gas producer, Expand Energy is uniquely positioned to meet this growing demand, a need that continues to accelerate with uncertainty in the Middle East. Our focus in 2026 is straightforward continue to safely execute our business and strengthen the connectivity between our leading scale and customers in growing end markets. To be a great energy company today requires competing beyond the wellhead. For upstream E P companies, capturing margin down the energy value chain is now essential. By investing in our marketing and commercial capabilities and relocating our headquarters to Houston, the gateway to growing global gas demand, we have positioned our team to win. Primed for Growing Markets Global LNG demand and domestic consumption are converging in an unprecedented growth cycle, signaling a structural shift that will re-define the energy landscape. Our strategically located low-cost, reliable and long-life assets are uniquely advantaged to serve the highest-value demand centers along the Gulf Coast and Northeast, North America s twin engines of natural gas demand. We see a clear structural paradigm shift underway: LNG feed gas requirements exceeding 36 Bcf per day by 2040 as export capacity more than doubles. Power burns rising more than 9 Bcf per day over that same time period as gas-fired generation replaces retiring coal, meets surging demand from data centers and backs up intermittent renewables. Industrial demand accelerating by over 4 Bcf per day amid a generational reshoring of American manufacturing. Together, these forces represent over 33 Bcf per day of incremental domestic demand concentrated in markets where Expand Energy has scale, infrastructure and relationships. Global natural gas demand is set to rise sharply, with LNG consumption expected to increase by over 50% by 2040. Gulf Coast liquefaction facilities, connected to our leading Haynesville position, will deliver this secure supply. We will build upon our position as the largest supplier of natural gas to U.S. LNG export facilities by focusing on: Reaching premium markets Monetizing and managing volatility Facilitating and capturing new demand As we pursue these margin-enhancing opportunities under the lead-ership of our diligent Board and management team, our efforts are grounded in fundamental insights, disciplined analysis and rigor-ous risk management. In line with our M A non-negotiables, we will focus on creating value and enhancing our financial strength and cash flow durability. Our confidence is rooted in the strength of our portfolio, the safety and responsibility of our operations, the resilience of our financial foundation and the commitment of our people. These qualities allow us to not only navigate volatility but to thrive through it and capture sustained shareholder value. On behalf of the Board, I also want to express sincere gratitude to John Gass as he retires from our Board following 13 years of dedi-cated service. His oversight over the years has been foundational to ensuring our strategic direction has been both ambitious and ground-ed. While the Board remains confident that our current composition provides the necessary depth to oversee the Company s strategy and risk profile, we remain committed to identifying complementary expertise that will support our continued evolution. We appreciate your continued investment as we execute our strategy and build on our momentum. 2 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders How to Vote BY INTERNET Visit proxyvote.com. You will need the 16-digit number included in your notice, proxy card or voter instruction form. SCAN QR CODE Scan the QR code. You will need the 16-digit number included in your notice, proxy card or voter instruction form. BY PHONE Call toll-free 800-690- 6903. You will need the 16-digit number included in your notice, proxy card or voter instruction form. VIRTUALLY DURING MEETING Attend the virtual Annual Meeting, click on the vote button provided on the screen and follow the instruc-tions provided. BY MAIL If you received a paper copy of your proxy materials, send your completed and signed proxy card or voter instruction form using the enclosed postage-paid envelope. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF EXPAND ENERGY S PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE 2026 ANNUAL MEETING This Proxy Statement and our 2025 Annual Report are available at proxyvote.com. DATE AND TIME Thursday, June 4, 2026 10:00 a.m. Central Time LOCATION VirtualShareholderMeeting.com/ EXE2026 RECORD DATE Monday, April 6, 2026 Agenda PROPOSAL 1 Page 10 Election of Directors Elect each of the 9 director nominees named in the Proxy Statement. FOR EACH NOMINEE PROPOSAL 2 Page 32 Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation (Say on Pay) for 2025 Approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers (NEOs). FOR PROPOSAL 3 Page 64 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 Ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. FOR Other Business: Shareholders will also transact any other business that properly comes before the meeting. BOARD RECOMMENDATION You are invited to attend Expand Energy Corporation s 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. This Proxy Statement contains important information about the meeting, including how you can make sure your views are represented by voting today. We encourage you to vote promptly, whether or not you are able to attend the Annual Meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors, Chris Lacy Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Highlights 3 2025 2026 Operational and Financial Highlights Largest domestic natural gas producer: ~7.2 Bcfe/d Flexed productive capacity for FY25: $5.1bn of adjusted EBITDAX(a) $2.9bn of capex Returned ~$865mm to shareholders in 2025 Meaningful shareholder returns continue alongside robust deleveraging efforts Improved Haynesville breakeven by ~15% Haynesville capital efficiency improvements yielding $2.75 breakeven Enhancing our multi-decade inventory base Deep inventory supporting returns for decades (20+ years) Multi-year deleveraging effort to continue Expect at least $1bn gross debt reduction in 2026 2026 outlook: ~7.5 Bcfe/d for ~$2.85bn capex Inclusive of ~$75mm Western Haynesville appraisal spend framework Strategic Pillars Attractive, Connected Portfolio Premium rock, returns, runway with access to premium markets Peer-leading Returns Most efficient operator with proven track record of delivering returns to shareholders Resilient Financial Foundation Investment Grade balance sheet provides strategic through-cycle advantages Responsible Stewardship Connecting affordable, reliable and lower carbon energy to markets in need Proxy Statement Highlights (a) Adjusted EBITDAX is a non-GAAP financial measure, see Appendix for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 4 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement 2025 Sustainability Progress Expand Energy s sustainability program is grounded in a set of fundamentals that guide our decision making and engrain sustainability per-formance in our business strategy. We elaborate on these fundamentals alongside key activities that reflect these commitments below. FUNDAMENTALS KEY ACTIONS Ensure a safe and inclusive workplace, promoting collabora-tion and innovation Industry-leading safety performance with a total recordable incident rate (employee + contractor) of 0.13 in the year of Merger integration Implemented comprehensive serious incident and fatality (SIF) program, including training all employees with substantial risk exposure Conducted employee engagement survey that demonstrated employee confidence in the Company s commitment to safety and wellbeing 0.13 Total recordable incident rate Take meaningful action to support community well-being Launched Expand for Good employee volunteer initiative; employees receive eight hours of paid time to volunteer Celebrated the Company s one-year anniversary by giving back across our communities through volunteer opportunities and donation drives Made approximately $4 million in charitable contributions to support the areas where we operate Implement environ-mentally sound operations that mitigate impact and protect ecosystems Aligned portfolio with a single responsibly sourced gas (RSG) certification program (EO100 for social and environmental; MiQ for methane intensity); all production achieved top-level performance Became largest producer of EO100 certified RSG Enhanced spill monitoring capabilities through Remote Operations Center (ROC); remote ability to visualize real-time data, monitor tank levels and shut-in and/or alert local operational team Minimize emissions in support of delivering lower carbon energy to sustain economic progress Demonstrated high level of emissions management and performance through MiQ certification Methane intensity of less than 0.03% across assets(a), as verified by independent third party Achieved OGMP 2.0 Gold Standard Pathway designation, demonstrating our commitment to the highest level of methane emissions reporting 0.03% Methane intensity across assets Provide transparent and measurable information encouraging accountability Published inaugural sustainability report within 10 months following Chesapeake Energy and Southwestern Energy merger (the Merger) Prioritized auditability and data governance through Internal Audit and limited assurance partnerships Tied employee compensation to performance indicators, including environmental and safety targets; capped AIP payout if environmental and safety performance is not met Executive compensation program promotes environmental and safety performance Code of Business Conduct sets rigorous ethical standards and responsibilities for all employees For more information on Expand Energy s sustainability progress, initiatives and reporting, please visit expandenergy.com/sustainability. (a) As determined in accordance with EPA s Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program methodology for operated onshore production. CELEBRATING ONE YEAR AS A COMPANY EXE featured on the Times Square Nasdaq board Highlights 5 2025 Corporate Governance Highlights Expand Energy s long-term strategy is underpinned by a robust corporate governance framework designed to drive accountability, strategic oversight, and efficient resource management that our shareholders can depend on. Highlights of our 2025 year in gover-nance include the following: Corporate Risk Management Policy As the Company s strategy evolved to place greater emphasis on marketing and commercial initiatives, the Board adopted an enterprise-wide risk management policy that embodies the Company s transparent, resilient and accountable risk culture and enables our teams to proactively identify, assess and mitigate risks in pursuit of sustainable shareholder value. For more information, see How We Oversee and Manage Commercial Risk on page 19. Integration Our Board guided the Company through the successful and efficient integration of the Southwestern merger, resulting in accel-erated synergy capture and enabling our teams to progress to high-performance operational execution. Committee Charter Updates We updated our Audit, Compensation, ESG and Marketing and Commercial Committee Charters to more clearly define oversight over Company risks and activities and to reflect best governance practices. In 2025, our Board and committees held 35 meetings (10 Board meetings and 25 committee meetings) with an average attendance rate of 97%. 22% 44% of director nominees are gender, racially, ethnically or nationality diverse 6 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement ONLINE ACCESS You will need the 16-digit control number printed in the box marked by the arrow on your proxy card to enter the Annual Meeting. We recommend that you log in at least 15 minutes before the meeting to ensure you are logged in when the meeting starts. DATE AND TIME Thursday, June 4, 2026 / 10:00 a.m. Central Time LOCATION VirtualShareholderMeeting.com/EXE2026 When and where is the Annual Meeting? How do I attend the Annual Meeting? Who is entitled to vote? You may vote at the Annual Meeting, and any adjournment or postponement thereof, if you were a holder of record of Expand Energy com-mon stock as of the close of business on April 6, 2026, the record date for the Annual Meeting. Each share of Expand Energy common stock is entitled to one vote at the Annual Meeting. On the record date, there were 239,992,805 shares of common stock issued and out-standing and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. There are no cumulative voting rights associated with Expand Energy common stock. How many votes do I get? One vote for each director nominee and one vote on each proposal for each share you hold as of April 6, 2026. How do I vote? There are 5 ways to vote: Voting and Meeting Information VIRTUALLY DURING MEETING To vote your shares during the Annual Meeting, click on the vote button provided on the screen and follow the instructions provided. If you encounter any difficulties accessing the virtual meeting during the check-in or meeting time, please call the technical support number that will be posted on the log-in page. VirtualShareholderMeeting.com/EXE2026 INTERNET VIA TABLET OR SMARTPHONE Scan the QR code. You will need the 16-digit number included in your notice, proxy card or voter instruction form. PHONE Call toll-free 800-690-6903. You will need the 16-digit number included in your notice, proxy card or voter instruction form. INTERNET VIA COMPUTER Visit proxyvote.com. You will need the 16-digit number included in your notice, proxy card or voter instruction form. MAIL If you received a paper copy of your proxy materials, send your completed and signed proxy card or voter instruction form using the enclosed postage-paid envelope. Voting and Meeting Information 7 What proposals will be voted on? What are the voting standards and how does the Board recommend that I vote? VOTING ITEM Board Recommendation Voting Standard Treatment of Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes(b) PROPOSAL 1. Election of Directors We are asking shareholders to elect each of the 9 director nominees named in the Proxy Statement. The Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believe that each nominee has the qualifications, experience and skills necessary to represent shareholder interests through service on the Board. FOR EACH NOMINEE Majority of votes cast(a) No effect MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS PROPOSAL 2. Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation (Say on Pay) for 2025 We designed our executive compensation program to attract and retain world-class leaders and align executive pay with Company performance and sustainable shareholder value. We are seeking a non-binding advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers (NEOs) as described in this Proxy Statement. We value your input, and the Compensation Committee will consider the outcome of the advisory vote when considering future executive compensation decisions.(c) FOR Plurality of votes cast No effect PROPOSAL 3. Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 The Audit Committee has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. We believe that retaining PwC is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Accordingly, we are asking shareholders to ratify PwC s appointment as a matter of sound corporate governance. (a) We have a majority-vote standard for the election of directors: Our Bylaws provide for a majority-vote standard for the un-contested election of directors. If a non-incumbent director nominee receives a greater number of votes AGAINST than FOR that nominee s election, the nominee will not be elected. Further, if the number of votes AGAINST exceeds the number of votes FOR an incumbent director nominee, the nominee must promptly comply with the resignation procedures outlined in our Corporate Governance Principles. Abstentions and broker non-votes are not counted as votes either FOR or AGAINST the director. (b) Broker Non-Votes: If you are a beneficial owner of shares held in street name and do not provide the organization that holds your shares with specific voting instructions, under applicable Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq) rules such organization may generally vote at its discretion on routine matters, but cannot vote on non-routine matters. In such cases, the organization will inform the election inspector that it does not have the authority to vote your shares on such matter. This is referred to as a broker non-vote. Routine Matters: Proposal 3 regarding the ratification of PwC s appointment as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm is the only routine matter on which brokers, banks or other nominees may vote at their discretion. Therefore, no broker non-votes are expected in connection with Proposal 3. Non-Routine Matters: Each of the other proposals, including Proposal 1 regarding the election of directors and Proposal 2 regard-ing the advisory vote to approve NEO compensation, are non-routine under applicable Nasdaq rules. Without specific instructions, brokers, banks or other nominees cannot vote on these proposals, which may result in broker non-votes. (c) Advisory Votes: Your vote on Proposal 2 is advisory and therefore is not binding. However, our Compensation Committee and Board will carefully consider the outcome of the vote when reviewing future compensation arrangements for our NEOs. 8 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement How many votes must be present to hold the Annual Meeting? A majority of the shares of the common stock entitled to vote must be present online or by proxy at the Annual Meeting to constitute a quorum and to transact business. Your shares will be counted as present at the Annual Meeting if you properly submit a proxy via inter-net, telephone or mail, or if you join the virtual Annual Meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes, if any, will be counted for purposes of establishing a quorum at the Annual Meeting. Who is soliciting my vote and how is it being solicited? Our Board is soliciting your proxy to vote your shares at the Annual Meeting. We are delivering proxy materials to shareholders primarily through the notice and access method. On or around April 24, 2026, we mailed a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials to shareholders who have not opted for email or paper delivery, which provides instructions on how to: View our proxy materials online Request a printed copy of the proxy materials at no charge Instruct us on how you would like to receive future proxy materials We also emailed or mailed printed proxy materials to shareholders who previously requested electronic or paper delivery, respectively. We encourage shareholders to support our cost-reduction and sustainability efforts by accessing our proxy materials online or opting for electronic delivery. Who is paying for this proxy solicitation? The Company will bear all costs associated with soliciting proxies, including reimbursement of reasonable expenses incurred by brokers, dealers, banks and voting trustees, or their nominees in forwarding proxies to beneficial owners. We have engaged Alliance Advisors to assist in the solicitation for a fee of $24,000, plus distribution costs and expenses. Additionally, our proxy solicitor and certain directors, officers and employees may solicit proxies without additional compensation. What is the difference between a shareholder of record and a beneficial owner of shares held in street name? What happens if other matters are properly presented at the Annual Meeting? We are not aware of any other proposals to be submitted to shareholders at the Annual Meeting. However, if any matter not described in this Proxy Statement is properly presented for a vote at the meeting, the persons named on the proxy form may vote in accordance with their judgment. Discretionary authority to vote on other matters is included in the proxy. How You Hold Shares How You Receive Proxy Materials How Your Vote Works Record Holder Your shares are registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, EQ Shareowner Services. Directly from the Company You instruct the Company on how to vote your shares Beneficial Owner (holder in street name) Your shares are held indirectly through an account at a brokerage or other institutional account. From your broker, bank or other nominee You instruct your nominee on how to vote your shares, which in turn instructs the Company on how to vote your shares. (See discussion of broker non-votes on page 7). Voting and Meeting Information 9 What happens if a director nominee is unable to serve? We do not know of any reason why any director nominee would be unable to serve. If any nominee is unable to serve, the Board can either nominate a different individual or reduce the Board s size. If the Board nominates a different individual, the shares represented by all valid proxies will be voted for that nominee. Does the Board attend the Annual Meeting? Yes. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Principles, directors are expected to attend the Annual Meeting. All of our directors attended the 2025 Annual Meeting. Can I change my vote or revoke my proxy? Yes. You may revoke your proxy and change your vote at any time before votes are taken at the Annual Meeting by delivering a later dated proxy (by one of the methods described above), by sending a written notice of revocation to the Secretary of the Company, or by voting during the Annual Meeting. Your written notice of revocation can be delivered to the Company s Secretary at P.O. Box 18496, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73154 prior to the Annual Meeting. Who will serve as the inspector of election and count the votes? A representative of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. will serve as the inspector of election and count the votes. Is my vote confidential? Proxy instructions, ballots and voting tabulations that identify individual shareholders are handled in a manner that protects your voting privacy. Your vote will not be disclosed either within the Company or to third parties except: (i) as necessary to meet applicable legal requirements or to assert or defend claims for or against the Company; (ii) to allow for the tabulation and certification of votes; and (iii) to facilitate successful proxy solicitation efforts. Why did my household receive a single set of proxy materials? How can I request an additional copy of the proxy materials and Annual Report? In accordance with SEC rules, we send a single Notice, Proxy Statement and Annual Report to shareholders sharing the same last name and address. This procedure, called householding, benefits the Company and its shareholders by minimizing printing and mailing costs and the environmental impact of our annual meetings. If you are a shareholder of record and would like to receive a separate copy of a proxy statement or annual report, either now or in the future, or if you would like to request householding, please contact us: If you are a beneficial holder and would like additional copies of the proxy materials or would like to request householding, please contact your bank, broker or other nominee. All shareholders can find our Proxy Statement, Annual Report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings on our investor website at investors. expandenergy.com/financial-information/sec-filings or on the SEC s website at sec.gov. Where can I find the voting results of the Annual Meeting? We will report the final voting results in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC within four business days following the Annual Meeting. It will be available on our website at investors.expandenergy.com/financial-information/sec-filings and on the SEC s website at sec.gov. EMAIL ir@expandenergy.com MAIL Expand Energy Corporation Investor Relations P.O. Box 18496 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73154 PHONE 405-935-8870 10 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement Your Board recommends a vote FOR the election of each nominee. Proposal 1: Election of Directors Voting for Directors At the Annual Meeting, proxies can be voted only with respect to the nominees named in this Proxy Statement. If a nominee is unable or declines to serve as a director, the proxy holders may vote for any nominee designated by the Board to fill the vacancy. Our Board currently has 10 directors. On April 6, 2026, John Gass notified the Company of his decision to retire as of the conclusion of the 2026 Annual Meeting and will not stand for re-election. Following the Annual Meeting, assuming the election of each director nominee, our Board will consist of 9 directors. The Company s Bylaws provide that, if any incumbent director or any non-incumbent nominee receives a greater number of votes AGAINST than FOR his or her election, the non-incumbent nominee will not be elected, and the incumbent director must comply with the resignation procedures set forth in the Company s Corporate Governance Principles. At the 2026 Annual Meeting, shareholders are being asked to elect 9 directors to hold office until the next Annual Meeting or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. All nominees are proposed by the Board, upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (Nominating Committee). Each nominee currently serves as a director of the Company. The Board and the Nominating Committee believe that each of the director nominees have substantial business, financial, environ-mental, marketing and commercial and E P industry expertise and experience that align with the Company s long-term strategy. Our Bylaws provide for a minimum of 3 and a maximum of 11 directors, each serving a one-year term and holding office until a successor is elected and qualified or until the director s earlier resignation or removal. Governance 11 BENJAMIN C. DUSTER, IV Independent Director Age: 65 Director since February 2021 Committees: Audit; Compensation Other Public Boards: Weatherford International plc (Nasdaq: WFRD) Education: JD, Harvard Law School; MBA, Harvard Business School; BA Economics, Yale University Career Highlights Founder and CEO of Cormorant IV Corporation, LLC (2014 Present) CEO (2025 Present) and CFO (2022 2025) of Mobile Tech, Inc. CEO of CenterLight Health System, Inc. (2016 2018) Co-Founder of Watermark Advisors, LLC (2002 2015) Various investment banking positions with Wachovia Securities, Inc. (now Wells Fargo) (1997 2001) and Salomon Brothers, Inc. (now CitiGroup Inc.) (1985 1997) Director at Viceroy LLC Director at The 1921 Institute Former director at Cardone Industries, Inc.; Republic First Bancorp, Inc. (Nasdaq: FRBK); Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (NYSE: DO); Alaska Communications Systems Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: ALSK); RCN Corporation (Nasdaq: RCN); Multi-Fineline Electronics (Nasdaq: MFLX); Netia, S.A. (Warsaw Stock Exchange: NET); WBL Corporation Ltd. (Singapore Stock Exchange: WBL); and Algoma Steel Inc. (Toronto Stock Exchange: AGA) Director Skills and Qualifications Mr. Duster is a seasoned executive and strategist with more than 30 years of operational, financial and organizational experience across multiple sectors. As a current and former director of a broad range of public and private companies, he brings significant finan-cial expertise and corporate governance experience to the Board. TIMOTHY S. DUNCAN Independent Director Age: 53 Director since February 2021 Committees: Compensation; Environmental and Social Governance; Nominating and Corporate Governance Other Public Boards: None Education: MBA, University of Houston; BS Petroleum Engineering, Mississippi State University Career Highlights Founder, CEO, President and Director of Talos Energy Inc. (NYSE: TALO) (2012 2024) Member of the National Petroleum Council (2024 2025) Founder and SVP of Business Development at Phoenix Exploration Company, LP (2006 2012) Manager of Reservoir Engineering and Evaluations at Gryphon Exploration Company (2000 2005) Various reservoir engineering and portfolio evaluation roles for Amerada Hess Corporation, Zilkha Energy Company and Pennzoil E P Company (1995 2000) Chairman of Renaissance Offshore, LLC Chairman (2022) and Vice Chairman (2021) of the National Ocean Industries Association (NOIA) Member of the College of Engineering Dean s Advisory Council at Mississippi State University Director Skills and Qualifications As a founder of multiple E P businesses, and former CEO of a public company, Mr. Duncan brings extensive industry leadership, entre-preneurship and corporate development experience to the Board. His background in petroleum engineering and significant operational experience are also valuable assets to the Company. 2026 Director Nominees 12 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement MATTHEW M. GALLAGHER Lead Independent Director Age: 43 Director since February 2021 Committees: Audit; Nominating and Corporate Governance (Chair) Other Public Boards: None Education: BS Petroleum Engineering, Colorado School of Mines Career Highlights President and CEO of Greenlake Energy, LLC (2021 Present) and Venture Partner at NGP Energy Capital, LLC (2021 Present) President and CEO (2019 2021); President and COO (2017 2019); VP and COO, (2014 2017); and Various senior management and engineering positions (2010 2014) at Parsley Energy Inc. Various engineering and management positions at Pioneer Natural Resources (2005 2010) Director at RigUp (formerly Workrise) (2024 Present) Director at American Energy Policy Center (non-profit) Former Director at Parsley Energy Inc.; Pioneer Natural Resources Company; and Tap Rock Resources, LLC Director Skills and Qualifications As CEO of multiple public and private E P companies, Mr. Gallagher brings significant technical, strategic and organizational experi-ence to Expand Energy s Board. Mr. Gallagher also adds a wealth of corporate governance and energy policy experience. SARAH A. EMERSON Independent Director Age: 64 Director since February 2021 Committees: Environmental and Social Governance (Chair); Marketing and Commercial Other Public Boards: None Education: BA Government, Cornell University; MA, Johns Hopkins University Nitze School of Advanced International Studies Career Highlights President of Energy Security Analysis, Inc. (2009 Present) Managing Principal at ESAI Energy, LLC (2009 Present) Various research and consulting positions at Energy Security Analysis, Inc. (1986 2009) Senior Associate at Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) Senior Fellow at Harvard University, Kennedy School Board member at Anbaric Development Partners Adjunct Professor at The Fletcher School of Global Affairs at Tufts University Director Skills and Qualifications Ms. Emerson contributes a wealth of expertise in energy market analysis, forecasting and strategy to the Board, built on her experience as a leading consultant in the petroleum, alternative fuels and electricity spaces. Her academic and policymaking experience also provide invaluable insights to the Board. Governance 13 S.P. CHIP JOHNSON, IV Independent Director Age: 70 Director since October 2024 Committees: CEO Search; Compensation; Nominating and Corporate Governance Other Public Boards: None Education: BS Mechanical Engineering, University of Colorado Career Highlights Co-Founder, President and CEO of Carrizo Oil Gas until its merger with Callon Petroleum in December 2019 Director at Southwestern Energy Company (2020 2024) Director at Callon Petroleum (2019 2022) Director at Basic Energy Services (2001 2016) Director at Pinnacle Gas Resources (2003 2011) Director at SEARCH Homeless Services (non-profit) Director Skills and Qualifications Mr. Johnson has over 40 years of experience in oil and gas exploration and production and is a former President and CEO of a publicly traded company. Mr. Johnson s extensive leadership, risk management, strategy and corporate governance experience are valuable assets to the Board. CATHERINE A. KEHR Independent Director Age: 63 Director since October 2024 Committees: Audit (Chair); CEO Search; Marketing and Commercial Other Public Boards: None Education: MBA, The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania; BA, Yale University Career Highlights Retired SVP and Director of Capital Research Company, a division of The Capital Group Chairman (2016 2024) and Director at Southwestern Energy Company (2011 2024) Ranked by Reuters survey among top 10 U.S. portfolio managers in 2002 Formerly with Atlantic Richfield Company and Payden Rygel Investment Management Former director at California Resources Corporation (2015 2017) and Bank of Jackson Hole Director Skills and Qualifications Ms. Kehr adds a wealth of financial acumen from her career as a portfolio manager specializing in global energy equities and high-yield debt at a major fund manager. She brings a deep understanding of financial analysis, commodity cycles and capital markets, as well as an investor perspective, to the Board. Ms. Kehr also has strong corporate governance and compensation experience from her previous service as a director of other E P companies. 14 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement BRIAN STECK Independent Director Age: 59 Director since February 2021 Committees: CEO Search (Chair); Compensation (Chair); Environmental and Social Governance; Marketing and Commercial Other Public Boards: None Education: BS Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Career Highlights Co-Founder and CEO at WhiteOwl Energy LLC (2022 Present) Partner at Mangrove Partners (2011 2020) Founder and Managing Member at The Laurel Group, LLC (2009 2011) Head of U.S. Equities at Tisbury Capital (2006 2008) Partner at K Capital LLC (2000 2005) Global Co-Head of Equity Hedge Fund Coverage and various equity derivative and risk management positions at UBS Group AG (NYSE: UBS) and predecessor entities (1990 2000) Former director at Civitas Resources, Inc. (NYSE: CIVI) (formerly known as Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc. (NYSE: BCEI)); California Resources Corporation (NYSE: CRC); and Penn Virginial Corporation (Nasdaq: PVAC) Director Skills and Qualifications Mr. Steck brings significant finance and capital markets expertise to the Board, having held senior roles at multiple investment firms. As a former director of multiple public E P companies, he also provides invaluable corporate governance and executive compensa-tion experience. SHAMEEK KONAR Independent Director Age: 56 Director since October 2024 Committees: Marketing and Commercial (Chair) Other Public Boards: None Education: Ph.D. Economics and Finance, Vanderbilt University; BA Economics and Mathematics, St. Stephen s College Career Highlights Partner and Head of Energy, Ara Energy Decarbonization, a private equity fund focused on the acquisition, operations and decarbonization of conventional energy assets (2024 Present) CEO at Pilot Company (2021 2023); Chief Strategy Officer at Pilot Company (2017 2020) Chief Investment Officer, Global Head of Business Development at Castleton Commodities International (CCI) (2015 2017) Chief Investment Officer and member of the Management Committee of Mercuria Energy Group (2012 2015) Managing Director, Co-Head of Global Commodities and Principal Investing at Goldman Sachs Group (2009 2012) Director at Southwestern Energy Company (2023 2024) Senior management roles at Constellation Energy (2003 2009) and Accenture (2001 2003) Adjunct Professor at University of Tennessee, Knoxville Director Skills and Qualifications Having held senior leadership roles at public and private companies in the transportation, commodity trading and investment sectors, Mr. Konar contributes a wealth of global energy and commodities expertise to the Board. He also has strong operational and strategic experience. Governance 15 MICHAEL A. WICHTERICH Chairman of the Board Age: 59 Director since February 2021 Committees: None Other Public Boards: None Education: BBA Accounting, University of Texas Career Highlights Interim President and CEO of the Company since February 2026 Executive Chairman (October 2021 December 2022) and Interim CEO (April October 2021) of the Company Founder, CEO and Chairman of Three Rivers Operating Company LLC (2009 Present) Co-Founder of Firstelement Exploration (2024 Present) CFO of Texas American Resources Company (2006 2009) CFO of New Braunfels Utilities (2004 2005) CFO of Mariner Energy, Inc. (1998 2003) Former director at Extraction Oil Gas, Inc. (Nasdaq: XOG); Bruin E P Operating, LLC; Grizzly Energy, LLC; Sabine Oil Gas Corporation; and USA Compression Partners, LP Director Skills and Qualifications Mr. Wichterich brings extensive leadership, financial, and operational expertise to his role as Chairman. Through executive and director roles at several private and public energy companies, he has gained substantial industry, strategic and corporate governance experi-ence which has proved instrumental in his service to the Company. 16 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement Governance Board Composition(a) We are committed to maintaining a Board that strikes the right balance between seasoned and fresh perspectives, and reflects the diversity of skills, backgrounds and experiences we deem crucial to the effective oversight of our sophisticated and evolving business. Board Participation Consistent with our Corporate Governance Principles, all of our directors dedicate the time, energy and attention needed to ensure the diligent performance of their duties, including by preparing for and attending shareholder, Board and committee meetings. In 2025, our directors had near perfect attendance. Information and reports regarding the committees of the Board begin on page 26. 97% 100% BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETING ATTENDANCE ANNUAL MEETING ATTENDANCE 10 25 BOARD MEETINGS COMMITTEE MEETINGS GOVERNANCE CONTENTS 2026 Director Nominees 11 Board Leadership Structure 22 Board Composition 16 Service on Other Boards 24 Director Balance and Background 17 Director Retirement Policy 24 How We Oversee and Manage Enterprise Risk 18 Committees of the Board of Directors 26 Investor Engagement 20 2025 Director Compensation 30 TENURE 100% 5 years or less 4.1 Average tenure (years) AGE 59 Average age 3 of 5 Committee Chairs INDEPENDENCE 8 Independent Directors 100% Independent committees (a) Based on profiles of the 9 directors nominated to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting. 44% of director nominees are gender, racially, ethnically or nationality diverse 22% Female 22% Racially, ethnically or nationality diverse BOARD AND COMMITTEE DIVERSITY Governance 17 Director Balance and Background Our Board nominees consist of 9 well-rounded and proven leaders with relevant experience across multiple disciplines and indus-tries. The Nominating Committee and Board understand that an array of talents and perspectives in the boardroom fosters innovation, critical thinking and elevated discussion. Accordingly, in reviewing potential director candidates, our Nominating Committee targets the skills and qualities necessary to guide our evolving Company in the execution of its long-term strategy. Duncan Duster Emerson Gallagher Johnson Kehr Konar Steck Wichterich Total Skills By Category % By Category CEO OR BOARD CHAIR EXPERIENCE Leading the management or oversight of a company provides unique insights into the Company s performance, long-term strategy, shareholder interests, corporate governance and risk management. 9 100% ENERGY INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE Understanding the unique challenges and opportunities of E P and adjacent businesses provides crucial capabilities for assessing strategic priorities, operational plans and associated risks. 9 100% MARKETING, TRADING AND TRANSPORTATION Significant experience in domestic and global commodity markets adds valuable perspective related to the Company s marketing, commercial and risk management strategies. 5 56% INTERNATIONAL As we endeavor to reach more international markets and engage with a broader group of counterparties, we value international operational and transactional experience. 6 67% MANAGEMENT OF LARGE OR COMPLEX ORGANIZATIONS Experience managing larger, more sophisticated organizations provides perspective regarding best practices as the Company s scale increases and scope broadens. 5 56% FINANCE AND INVESTMENTS Experience in financial reporting, accounting and capital markets relative to a public company of our scale promotes effective capital allocation and robust oversight. 7 78% STRATEGIC TRANSACTIONS Expertise in mergers, acquisitions and other strategic transactions of varying size and scope provides valuable insights in guiding the Company s strategic priorities. 9 100% HSER AND SUSTAINABILITY Experience in relevant health, safety and environmental regulations and best practices ensures proper oversight of risks faced by the Company, its workforce and the communities in which it operates. 5 56% ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT Experience in effectively identifying, assessing and managing a diverse set of risks can help the Board appreciate, anticipate and better oversee the Company s risk management programs. 5 56% HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Our people are our most valuable asset. Experience in managing and developing talented workforces adds valuable perspective to the Board s guidance on matters concerning Company culture and employee compensation and benefits. 7 78% CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Experience on other public company boards helps the Board implement best practices and better navigate governance issues. 7 78% CYBERSECURITY OVERSIGHT AND TECHNOLOGY Meaningful experience overseeing information security enables our Board to anticipate and address privacy and cybersecurity risks. 3 34% 18 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement BOARD OF DIRECTORS: OVERSEES MAJOR RISKS Audit Committee Compensation Committee Environmental and Social Governance Committee Marketing and Commercial Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Financial statements and reserve reporting Enterprise risk management Independent auditor Legal/regulatory compliance Internal audit Hotline monitoring Code of Business Conduct Cybersecurity Related party trans-actions and conflicts Compensation pro-grams designed to: Promote respon-sible business decisions Align with share-holder interests Deter excessive risk taking Executive and employee retention and development Sustainability related risks Corporate sustain-ability report Regulatory trends and compliance Scientific and techno-logical developments Environmental performance Health and safety incidents Human capital management Marketing, commercial and risk management strategies, policies and controls Marketing and trans-portation portfolio Hedging and risk management Market fundamentals and developments Board composition Director independence Leadership structure Succession planning Corporate governance policies and procedures Shareholder engagement Political spending and lobbying oversight MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT Financial Risk Legal/Compliance Risk Strategic and Operational Risks Accounting, Treasury, Marketing and Commercial and Internal Audit Departments Legal and Compliance Departments HSER, Sustainability, IT and Operations Departments Executive Committee and Operations Department Principal responsibility for mon-itoring financial risks, including financial reporting, internal control matters, insurance, liquidity, debt management, commodity and interest rate hedging and credit ratings Principal responsibility for maintaining and monitoring compliance with all corporate policies and procedures, as well as legal and regulatory matters Oversee and monitor compli-ance efforts related to safety and sustainability risks, data governance, information systems and cybersecurity threats Oversee and monitor strategic and operational risks affecting all aspects of our business For more information about specific risks facing the Company, see the Risk Factors section of our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. How We Oversee and Manage Enterprise Risk The Board has primary responsibility for overseeing the identification and proper management of risks to Expand Energy s business. While each committee oversees risks directly in its areas of expertise, the Board retains primary oversight over the Company s enterprise risks, such as those related to commodity price volatility, safety and sustainability. This allows the full Board to evaluate the Company s major risks and refine the Company s strategy in light of such risks. The Board regularly assesses and monitors our risk management processes. Capital budget Reserves and resource development Asset integrity Financial strength and liquidity Capital markets transactions Safety and sustainability issues Succession planning Strategic transactions Enterprise risk management Governance 19 BOARD AND AUDIT COMMITTEE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER IT CYBERSECURITY TEAM Oversees IT policies, standards and procedures governing cybersecurity program Receives at least semiannual reports on cybersecurity program Oversees cybersecurity framework Directs IT Cybersecurity Team Dedicated IT manager and security engineers Regularly reviews and updates IT policies, standards and procedures designed to prevent, detect, investigate and respond to cybersecurity incidents Works with the Board, Audit Committee, management and other stakeholders to address any cybersecurity incidents How We Oversee and Manage Cybersecurity Risks Protecting the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our infrastructure, resources and information is a critical part of risk manage-ment, which is why we take a multi-layered approach to monitoring and addressing cybersecurity risks. RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS We strive to foster a culture of risk management throughout the Company. With the Board s guidance, our management team routinely reviews our enterprise risk processes to ensure risk is consistently and appropriately considered in our decision making. Internal risk committees composed of management and experts continuously evaluate our risk management processes and address significant risk exposures. This comprehensive framework enables our management team to deliver on the Board s risk management program. Strategic Oversight The Board plays a pivotal role in guiding our returns-driven strategy by overseeing our strategic framework, assessing growth oppor-tunities and advising on industry trends and market dynamics. The Board regularly reviews these matters during Board and commit-tee meetings and routinely engages with management between meetings, ensuring our directors unique insights and expertise help shape Expand Energy s long-term strategy. How We Oversee and Manage Commercial Risk In 2026, Expand adopted an integrated Corporate Risk Management Policy and framework designed to empower the Company to pro-actively identify, assess and manage risk in connection with strategic and day-to-day business decision making at all levels. As part of the new framework, the Company formed a management-level Risk Management Committee, to be led by the Company s Chief Risk Officer, which will oversee the Company s commercial risk management and compliance efforts. Meeting regularly, the Committee identifies, evaluates, and prioritizes key near- and long-term risks associated with various commercial activities and relationships considered by the Company, establishes risk limits and other appropriate parameters to guide sound business decisions and elevates assessments to the applicable Board-level Committee where appropriate. All commercial personnel are required to complete training on our Corporate Risk Management Policy at least annually. IDENTIFICATION ASSESSMENT EVALUATION MITIGATION OR TREATMENT MONITOR AND REPORT 1 2 3 4 5 20 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement How We Oversee and Manage Sustainability-Related Risks As part of our mission of connecting affordable, reliable and lower carbon energy to premium and global markets in need, the Company remains committed to fostering a culture of risk management throughout the organization. Proper consideration of sustainability-related risks is incorporated into our strategy and decision-making processes at every level. BOARD OF DIRECTORS EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM SUSTAINABILITY-RELATED WORKING GROUPS OPERATIONS Environmental and Social Governance Committee Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice Presidents Overseen by Executive Leadership Team Directors, managers and individual contributors tasked with various sustainability-related functions across the organization Oversees sustainability strategy, performance and disclosure Provides quarterly updates to senior leaders on working group progress and other related policy and sustain-ability matters Business Unit leadership Subject matter experts HSER leadership Sustainability team Infrastructure Services Stakeholder engagement Consistent with our commitment to maximizing stakeholder value, the Company leverages its risk management processes to examine its operational plans and strategic priorities against the physical, social and regulatory settings of our operations and evaluate potential sustainability-related risks. When risks are identified, our cross-functional sustainability team works to develop and execute appropri-ate mitigation plans or adjustments. Investor Engagement We recognize the importance of maintaining an active shareholder outreach program. The Chairman of the Board, the Chairs of our Compensation and Nominating Committees and management engage our shareholders year-round on a variety of topics, including corporate governance, Board composition, executive compensation, sustainability, operating and financial performance, corporate strategy, balance sheet management and our capital returns program. In 2025, our team met with shareholders representing ~75% of our outstanding shares of common stock, giving us a deeper understanding of the issues that matter most to our shareholders. Governance 21 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS WINTER Review feedback from fall meetings with Board members and use it to consider governance and compensation changes and enhance proxy disclosures, when applicable FALL Engage with investors on highest priority issues SPRING Engage with shareholders to address important annual meeting issues SUMMER Review shareholder votes at our most recent annual meeting and current trends in corporate governance BOARD ACCOUNTABILITY TO INVESTORS Quarterly review of investor views and feedback Periodic independent director meetings with investors + + + Annual director elections with majority voting standard Proxy access at 3%, 3 years, 25% of Board ANNUAL ENGAGEMENT CYCLE How You Can Communicate with the Board Shareholders and other interested parties may communicate with the Board, either individually or as a group through one of the pro-cesses below. INTERNET expandenergy.com/about/board-of-directors EMAIL TalktoBoD@expandenergy.com PHONE 866-291-3401 (Director Access Line) MAIL Expand Energy Corporation Investor Relations P.O. Box 18496 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73154 22 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement Our Board of Directors Board Leadership Structure Our Board is committed to ensuring that Expand Energy s governance structure remains tailored to achieving the Company s ever-green and long-term objectives and maintains strong alignment with shareholder interests. In light of Mr. Wichterich s recent appoint-ment as Interim President and CEO, the Board continues to preserve robust independent oversight, including by maintaining a sepa-rate Lead Independent Director role. We believe this structure enables our Interim President and CEO to devote appropriate attention to managing the Company while ensuring effective, independent Board oversight. Michael Wichterich has served as the Board s Chairman and Matthew Gallagher has served as the Board s Lead Independent Director since February 2021. Mr. Wichterich previously served as the Company s Executive Chairman from October 2021 to December 2022. The Board is composed of the Chairman and Interim President and CEO and 8 independent non-employee members. The following chart describes the purpose of each element of our Board structure and provides additional detail on composition and activities of the Board. Information regarding our Committees begins on page 26. AUDIT COMMITTEE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE MARKETING AND COMMERCIAL COMMITTEE EXPAND ENERGY BOARD OF DIRECTORS Promotes the Company s long-term success and ensures proper oversight of management, evergreen and long-term strategy and enter-prise risks, including by: Fostering a culture of capital discipline, safety and sustainability excellence, accountability and risk management Implementing corporate governance best practices Overseeing and evaluating strategic opportunities, while maintaining a strong balance sheet CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD Leads our Board and sets the tone for the Board s culture, ensuring Board effectiveness and responsiveness to the Company s shareholders. Oversees the scheduling, preparation and agenda for each Board meeting, including executive sessions of non-employee directors, which take place at least quarterly. HOW WE SELECT THE CHAIR Our Nominating Committee makes a recommendation to the Board, based in part on feedback from its annual self-assessment, regarding which director should serve as Chair. Acting on this recommendation, the independent directors elected Mr. Wichterich to serve as Chairman and Mr. Gallagher to serve as our Lead Independent Director. Governance 23 How We Maintain a Board that is Right for the Company Our Board, in concert with our Nominating Committee, regularly reviews its composition to ensure it has the right combination of skills, tenure, perspectives and qualifications to achieve the Company s strategic objectives. IMPORTANT FACTORS IN ASSESSING BOARD COMPOSITION The Nominating Committee strives to maintain an engaged, independent Board with broad and relevant experience and skills that is committed to advancing the long-term interests of our shareholders. The Committee considers a variety of factors when selecting and recruiting director candidates, including: Ensuring an experienced, qualified Board with expertise in areas relevant to the Company. The Nominating Committee seeks directors who have held significant leadership positions and who have experience in the financial, operational, commer-cial, sustainability, regulatory, risk management and other aspects of the evolving industries in which in which we compete. Annual assessment of Board effectiveness. The Board annually assesses its effectiveness through a process led jointly by the Chairs of the Board and Nominating Committee. The Chairman of the Board summarizes the directors assessments for discussion at executive sessions of the Board and its committees. For more information on this evaluation process, see the Nominating Committee s Charter and the Board s Corporate Governance Principles, which are available on our website at expandenergy.com/about/board-of-directors. ROLE OF THE CHAIR Our Chairman is responsible for optimizing the Board s processes and prioritizing its review of Company affairs. The Chairman s primary responsibilities are summarized below and described in further detail in our Corporate Governance Principles. DIRECTOR RECRUITMENT PROCESS Candidate Recommendations From shareholders, management, directors and search firms Nominating Committee Engages search firms to assist in search process Interviews and evaluates candidates Recommends nominees Board Evaluates candidates and selects nominees Shareholders Vote on nominees at the annual meeting of shareholders Meetings Oversees and chairs quarterly Board meetings, including executive sessions, and calls additional Board or independent director meetings as needed Communications Regularly meets with and serves as liaison between the management team and independent directors Engages with major shareholders Governance Guides the Board s governance processes alongside the Nominating Committee, including succession planning, annual Board evaluation, and selection of committee chairs and membership Oversees annual CEO evaluation If the Chairman is unavailable, the Lead Independent Director performs these functions. Highest personal and professional ethics Integrity and values A passion for learning Inquisitive and objective perspective Sound judgment Director must haves 24 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement How We Assess Board Size Our Nominating Committee reviews the size of our Board annually to ensure it balances efficiency with the array of skills and experience that our evolving business demands. Our Bylaws currently provide for a minimum of 3 and a maximum of 11 directors, and our Board cur-rently consists of 10 directors. John Gass notified the Company of his decision to retire as of the conclusion of the 2026 Annual Meeting and will not stand for re-election. Following the Annual Meeting, assuming the election of each director nominee, our Board will consist of 9 directors. We believe the Board s current size is appropriate given the scale and complexity of the businesses and markets in which we currently operate. How We Assess Director Independence Our Board and Nominating Committee assess each director s independence to ensure that no relationship exists which might inter-fere with their ability to exercise independent judgment. Our own independence standards conform with all applicable regulatory and Nasdaq requirements. Annually, the Board reviews all relevant related person transactions, as described below. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS The Company maintains a written policy governing related party transactions and relationships in which the Company is a participant, the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and any of our current directors or executive officers, or holders of 5% or more of our common stock, or any of their respective immediate family members has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. The Audit Committee reviews and, where appropriate, approves such interested transactions, subject to specified exceptions. Related party transactions are also subject to the Company s Code of Business Conduct. The Audit Committee approves or ratifies only those transactions that it determines in good faith to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Service on Other Boards We value the experience our directors and executives gain from serving on other public company boards. We also understand that our success depends on our directors and officers dedicating sufficient time and resources to guiding and managing the Company. Accord-ingly, our Corporate Governance Principles limit the total number of public company boards on which our directors and executive may serve, inclusive of our own: Director Retirement Policy Our Corporate Governance Principles include a mandatory retirement policy for directors, generally requiring retirement by the annual meeting following the director s 80th birthday. DIRECTORS EXECUTIVES 4 2 During its 2025 review, the Board determined that all of our director nominees, other than Mr. Wichterich, our Interim President and CEO, are independent. INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS 8 of 9 Governance 25 Succession Planning and CEO Search Committee The Board regularly evaluates both emergency and long-term succession plans for the CEO and other senior leaders. In 2025, the Company engaged an executive leadership consultant to assist the Company in refining our executive leadership and development framework and succession plans. In assessing potential successors for senior leaders, our non-employee directors consider the skills, experience and qualities essential to successfully lead the Company in alignment with its unique opportunities and challenges. Our updated planning process includes defining desirable leadership capabilities, assessing internal candidates against those capa-bilities, developing and monitoring individual development plans, assigning executive coaches and benchmarking internal candidates against the external market. The broader leadership development and assessment program includes high potential employees at various levels of the organization. Our directors also regularly interact with successor candidates and other high potential employees. In connection with our executive leadership transition in 2026, the Board formed an independent CEO Search Committee to oversee the identification, evaluation and selection of candidates to serve as the Company s permanent Chief Executive Officer. The members of the CEO Search Committee are S.P. Chip Johnson, IV, Catherine A. Kehr, and Brian Steck. With input from the Nominating Committee, the Board also regularly reviews its own succession plans to ensure that the Board main-tains the ideal mix of backgrounds and skills to oversee our evolving business. The Nominating Committee evaluates potential candi-dates through the process described under the heading Director Recruitment Process on page 23 and recommends candidates for full Board approval. Director Candidate Recommendations The Nominating Committee considers all shareholder recommendations for director candidates, evaluating them through the same lens as any other candidate. HOW YOU CAN RECOMMEND A CANDIDATE To recommend a candidate for our Board, write to the Nominating Committee, c/o Chris Lacy, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Expand Energy Corporation, P.O. Box 18496, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73154, and include all information that our Bylaws require for director nominations. You can find the full text of our Bylaws in Exhibit 3.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Tone at the Top Embodying Our Core Values Our Board sets the tone for our management team and employees by fostering a culture of openness, honesty, integrity and ethical behavior in the boardroom. Our core values are foundational to our Company s culture and serve as the lens through which our Board, management and employees shape and execute the Company s strategy. We believe that, by living our core values, we are building a stronger, more prosperous Company for all of our shareholders. STEWARDSHIP Safety and environmental stewardship require excellence in the ordinary LEARN Commit to continuous improvement through humility, curiosity and constant learning CHARACTER Integrity in every action DISRUPT Challenge the status quo to achieve better outcomes for energy consumers COLLABORATE Embrace diverse perspectives, confront the brutal facts, and speak with radical candor 26 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement Other Governance Policies and Practices The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Principles, which include information regarding the Board s role and responsibilities, direc-tor qualifications, director independence and other guidelines, and charters for each of the Board committees. The Board has also adopted a Code of Business Conduct applicable to all directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. These documents, along with our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, serve as the foundation of our corporate governance framework. The Code of Business Conduct is available on our website at expandenergy.com/sustainability/ resources. All committee charters and the Corporate Governance Principles are available on our website at expandenergy.com/about/ board-of-directors. Waivers of provisions of the Code of Business Conduct, if any, as to any director or executive officer are required to be evaluated by the Audit Committee or the Board and amendments to the Code of Business Conduct must be approved by the Board. We intend to post any such waivers from, or changes to, the Code of Business Conduct on our website within 4 business days of such approval. Relocation of Corporate Headquarters As previewed in February 2026, the Company has relocated its corporate headquarters to its offices in Spring, Texas in order to strengthen the Company s relationships with key industry and commercial partners and progress the Company s long-term growth objectives. The Company expects to continue to maintain a material presence in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma following the relocation. Committees of the Board of Directors Our Board carries out many of its duties through its 5 standing committees, each of which is composed solely of independent non-employee directors. A biographical overview of the members of our committees can be found under Election of Directors beginning on page 10. COMMITTEE COMPOSITION Each committee member satisfies Nasdaq s and the Company s definitions of an independent director, and all 3 members of the Audit Committee are audit committee financial experts (as defined under SEC rules), in each case as determined by the Board. Heightened standards for Audit Committee members. Under a separate SEC independence requirement, Audit Committee members may not accept any consulting, advisory or other fees from the Company, except compensation for Board service. Heightened standards for members of the Compensation and Nominating Committees. As a policy matter, the Board also applies a separate, heightened independence standard to members of the Compensation and Nominating Committees: no member of either committee may be a partner, member or principal of a law firm, accounting firm or investment banking firm that accepts consulting or advisory fees from the Company. In addition, in accessing Compensation Committee member independence, Nasdaq rules require the Board to consider their sources of compensation, including any consulting, advisory or other compensation paid by the Company. 100% INDEPENDENT COMMITTEES ACTIVITIES RESPONSIBILITIES Each committee meets quarterly, and periodically as needed throughout the year, reports its actions and rec-ommendations to the Board, receives reports from senior management, annually evaluates its performance and has the authority and funding to retain outside advisors. Committee chairs have the opportunity to call for executive sessions at each meeting. The primary responsibilities of each committee are listed on the following pages (and committee respon-sibilities relating to risk oversight are described under How We Oversee and Manage Enterprise Risk on page 18). For more detail, see the committee charters on our website at expandenergy.com/about/board-of-directors. Governance 27 AUDIT Catherine A. Kehr Chair Independent Members: Catherine A. Kehr, Chair Benjamin C. Duster, IV Matthew M. Gallagher Audit Committee Financial Experts: 3 2025 Meetings: 4 Key Oversight Responsibilities Independent auditor engagement Integrity of financial statements and disclosures Financial reporting and accounting standards Disclosure and internal controls Enterprise risk management Legal and regulatory compliance Corporate compliance Internal audit functions Employee/vendor hotline Cybersecurity Related party transactions Oil and gas reserves reporting COMPENSATION Brian Steck Chair Independent Members: Brian Steck, Chair Timothy S. Duncan Benjamin C. Duster, IV S.P. Chip Johnson, IV 2025 Meetings: 5 Key Oversight Responsibilities Compensation plans that attract, retain and motivate executive officers and employees Implementation of executive compensation goals and objectives CEO and senior executive performance evaluation Incentive compensation programs, including the Company s Long Term Incentive Plan Broad-based plans available to all employees, including 401(k) plan and health-benefit plans Compensation of non-employee directors Establishment and monitoring of compliance with stock ownership guidelines applicable to executive officers and directors Administration of Company s clawback policy ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL GOVERNANCE Sarah A. Emerson Chair Independent Members: Sarah A. Emerson, Chair Timothy S. Duncan John D. Gass* Brian Steck 2025 Meetings: 4 Key Oversight Responsibilities Safety and sustainability policies, programs and practices Corporate sustainability report Identification and evaluation of legislative, regulatory, judicial and political trends relating to sustainability Environmental, health and safety performance, including the development and integration of metrics into business plans Monitor scientific and technological developments and evolving industry standards and their impact on the Company s environmental, health and safety policies and procedures Review environmental, health and safety incidents and oversee regulatory compliance Human capital strategies and programs, including those related to culture, recruitment, diversity, development and retention, and employee engagement *Mr. Gass will retire from the Board as of the conclusion of the 2026 Annual Meeting. 28 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement MARKETING AND COMMERCIAL Shameek Konar Chair Independent Members: Shameek Konar, Chair Sarah A. Emerson Catherine A. Kehr Brian Steck 2025 Meetings: 7 Key Oversight Responsibilities Marketing, commercial and risk management strategies, policies and processes Execution of marketing and commercial activities Oversight of hedging and other risk management policies and activities Identify and monitor key market fundamentals and development NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Matthew M. Gallagher Chair Independent Members: Matthew M. Gallagher, Chair Timothy S. Duncan John D. Gass* S.P. Chip Johnson, IV 2025 Meetings: 5 Key Oversight Responsibilities Director recruitment and evaluation Senior leadership and Board succession planning Evaluation, oversight and implementation of corporate governance principles, policies and procedures Size and sufficiency of Board and committees Board committee structure and membership Annual Board self-assessment and evaluation Shareholder engagement Conflict of interest reviews Political spending and lobbying Charitable donations *Mr. Gass will retire from the Board as of the conclusion of the 2026 Annual Meeting Governance 29 Audit Committee Report The Audit Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and over-sight of the work of the independent auditor for the purpose of preparing and issuing audit reports or performing other services for the Company. The independent auditor reports directly to the Audit Committee. Pursuant to its charter, the Audit Committee is also charged with the oversight of the: Integrity of the Company s financial statements Company s legal and regulatory compliance Independent auditor s qualifications and independence Company s internal audit function Management is responsible for preparing the Company s financial statements in accordance with GAAP and for maintaining the Com-pany s internal controls over financial reporting and other control systems. The independent auditor is responsible for auditing the Company s financial statements, assessing the Company s internal control over financial reporting, and expressing an opinion with respect to each. In fulfilling its responsibilities, the Audit Committee met with management and PwC throughout the year and met with PwC at each quarterly meeting outside of the presence of management. The Audit Committee also reviewed and discussed with management the Company s audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Committee discussed with PwC the matters required to be discussed pursuant to PCAOB standards and reviewed and discussed with PwC the auditor s independence. As part of that review, PwC provided the Committee with the written disclosures concerning independence required by the PCAOB. Based on these reviews and discussions, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the audited financial statements be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 for filing with the SEC. Compensation Committee Report The Compensation Committee oversees Expand Energy s executive and employee compensation programs. In 2025, the Compensation Committee, among other things: Conducted in-depth reviews of the Company s compensation programs Determined individual officer LTIP awards with performance periods ending in 2025 With input from our independent executive compensation consultant, set total compensation levels, including base salaries, AIP targets, and LTIP target and vehicles for all Section 16 officers Determined the annual bonus pool for non-officer employees Reviewed policies and programs, including the Company s stock ownership guidelines The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis set forth in this Proxy Statement. Based on the review and discussion, the Committee recommended to the Board that the Compensation Dis-cussion and Analysis be included in this Proxy Statement. MEMBERS OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE Catherine A. Kehr, Chair Benjamin C. Duster, IV Matthew M. Gallagher MEMBERS OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Brian Steck, Chair Timothy S. Duncan Benjamin C. Duster, IV S.P. Chip Johnson, IV 30 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement 2025 Director Compensation Our non-employee director compensation program features cash compensation and an annual grant of restricted stock units (RSUs). Each year, our Compensation Committee, with input from our independent compensation consultant, conducts a comprehensive review of our program. The assessment benchmarks our directors pay against the Compensation Peer Group and considers trends in director compensation and corporate governance best practices. Our 2025 program included the following: Cash Retainer. An annual cash retainer of $80,000, payable quarterly in arrears. Alternatively, directors may opt to receive RSUs in lieu of cash. For those electing RSUs, the awards were issued in June 2025 and vest ratably over 12 months. RSU Grant. An annual grant of RSUs valued at approximately $200,000 for each director, with an additional grant to our Chairman valued at approximately $150,000. Grants are made annually around the time of our annual meeting of shareholders. Directors may elect to defer any or all of their RSU awards. Committee Fees. The following Committee fees are payable in cash, subject to each director s election to settle in RSUs. CHAIR MEMBER Audit $ 25,000 $ 10,000 Compensation $ 20,000 $ 5,000 Environmental and Social Governance $ 15,000 $ 5,000 Marketing and Commercial $ 25,000 $ 10,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance $ 15,000 $ 5,000 Governance 31 Non-Employee Director Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($)(a) Stock Awards ($)(b) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Timothy S. Duncan 76,607 224,090 300,697 Benjamin C. Duster, IV 96,250 208,488 304,738 Sarah A. Emerson 105,000 208,488 313,488 Matthew M. Gallagher 105,000 208,488 313,488 John D. Gass 90,000 208,488 298,488 S.P. Chip Johnson, IV 90,000 208,488 298,488 Catherine A. Kehr 113,750 208,488 322,238 Shameek Konar 105,000 208,488 313,488 Brian Steck 86,786 245,008 331,794 Michael A. Wichterich(c) 80,000 364,854 444,854 (a) Reflects annual cash compensation discussed above. These amounts do not reflect accrued dividend equivalents associated with RS (b) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of 2025 RSU awards determined pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718. These awards were made to each non-employee director on June 5, 2025 based on a 30-day volume weighted average price (VWAP) of $110.89 and their value was based on the closing price of Company s common stock on June 5, 2025 of $115.57. Messrs. Duncan and Steck elected to receive their committee fees in RSUs for the period between the 2025 annual meeting and the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. As of December 31, 2025, Mr. Duncan had 7,175 unvested awards, Mr. Duster and Ms. Emerson each had 15,601 unvested awards, Mr. Gallagher had 16,917 unvested awards, Mr. Gass had 25,505 unvested awards, Mr. Johnson, Ms. Kehr and Mr. Konar each had 1,804 unvested awards, Mr. Steck had 4,563 unvested awards and Mr. Wichterich had 11,487 unvested awards. (c) Mr. Wichterich was appointed as the Company s Interim President and Chief Executive Officer on February 6, 20 Director Compensation Table 32 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement In accordance with Section 14A of Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, the Exchange Act ) , we are giving shareholders the opportunity to vote to approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation of our NEOs for 2025. The vote on this resolution relates to the compensation of our NEOs as a whole and is not intended to address any specific elements of pay. Advisory votes on executive compensation will be submitted to shareholders on an annual basis until the next advisory vote on the frequency of shareholder votes on executive compensation, which, in accordance with applicable law, is scheduled to occur at the 2029 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. We are asking our shareholders to indicate their support for the compensation of our NEOs as described in this Proxy Statement by voting in favor of the following resolution: RESOLVED, that the Company s shareholders hereby approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the NEOs for 2025, as disclosed in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders pur-suant to the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables and the related narrative disclosure provided in this Proxy Statement. Your Board recommends a vote FOR the approval of the compensation of our NEOs, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement. Executive Compensation Proposal 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation (Say on Pay) for 2025 WHAT ARE YOU VOTING ON? We have designed our executive compensation program to attract and retain high-performing executives while maintaining strong alignment between executive performance and the long-term interests of our shareholders. At the 2026 Annual Meeting, we are asking shareholders to approve the compensation of our NEOs on a non-binding advisory basis. Although this vote is advisory and not binding on the Company or the Board, the Board values shareholders opinions, and the Compensation Committee will take the outcome of the advisory vote into account when considering future executive compensation decisions. Executive Compensation 33 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Expand Energy s compensation program is designed to align our management team s incentives with the interests of our shareholders and to reinforce the Company s core values and long-term, returns-driven strategy. By linking NEO compensation to rigorous financial and operational metrics, and strategic outcomes that are both differentiated and durable, our program enables us to attract and retain world-class talent while driving performance and accountability. The following Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD A), de-scribes material elements of our compensation philosophy and program, our compensation decisions made for 2025 and the factors we considered in making them. This CD A also describes the Compensation Committee s compensation decisions for 2026 thus far. Compensation Discussion and Analysis Highlights Salary AIP RSUs PSUs 10% 12% 23% 55% 15% 15% 21% 49% 90% At-Risk 85% At-Risk 2025 CEO TOTAL DIRECT COMPENSATION 2025 OTHER NEO TOTAL DIRECT COMPENSATION(a) SALARIES Targeting 50th percentile as performance and experience dictate ANNUAL INCENTIVE PROGRAM Balancing short-term objectives with long-term goals LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM 100% paid in equity 70% performance driven 35% tied to absolute shareholder returns COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS CONTENTS CD A Highlights 33 2026 Executive Compensation Decisions 46 Our 2025 Named Executive Officers 36 Other Executive Compensation Matters 48 Our Compensation Philosophy 37 Peer Groups 48 Process for Determining Executive Compensation 37 Stock Ownership Guidelines 50 Compensation Actions for 2025 39 Summary Compensation Table for 2025 52 2025 Annual Incentive Program 39 CEO Pay Ratio 60 2025 Long-Term Incentive Program 43 Pay Versus Performance 60 (a) Does not include direct compensation for Ms. Raiford who was appointed as Interim Chief Financial Officer in August 2025. See "Appointments of Mr. Turco and Ms. Raiford" on page 46 for more information on Ms. Raiford's compensation arrangements in connection with her service as Interim Chief Financial Officer. Our Business Expand Energy is focused on responsibly developing an abundant supply of nat-ural gas, oil and NGL to expand energy access for all. Our operations, which are located in Louisiana and Texas in the Haynesville and Bossier Shales, in Penn-sylvania in the Marcellus Shale and in West Virginia and Ohio in the Marcellus and Utica Shales, include working interests in approximately 6,600 gross natural gas and oil wells. Expand Energy is a premier energy company underpinned by a leading natural gas portfolio adjacent to the highest demand markets, premium inventory, a resilient financial foundation and an investment grade balance sheet. SW APP NE APP HAYNESVILLE 34 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement Outstanding performance is rewarded through PSUs linked to three year TSR and cliff vesting 0% 50% 100% 150% 200% 0% 50% 100% 150% 200% -15% 0% 5% 10% 15% 20% -0- -10% -0- -5% -0- -0- -20% % of Target PSUs Earned % of Target PSUs Earned Absolute TSR (Annualized) 25th 35th 45th 55th 65th 75th 85th 90th -0- 20th Relative TSR (Percentile) aTSR Target: 7.5% rTSR Target: 55th 0% 50% 100% 150% 200% 0% 50% 100% 150% 200% -15% 0% 5% 10% 15% 20% -0- -10% -0- -5% -0- -0- -20% % of Target PSUs Earned % of Target PSUs Earned Absolute TSR (Annualized) 25th 35th 45th 55th 65th 75th 85th 90th -0- 20th Relative TSR (Percentile) aTSR Target: 7.5% rTSR Target: 55th Directly aligned with shareholder outcomes 2025 NEO LTIP 30% RSUs 35% rTSR 35% aTSR Our Strategy As North America s largest natural gas producer, based on net daily production, Expand Energy s strategy is to create sustainable value for our stakeholders by leveraging our scale, financial strength and operational excellence to expand the value of natural gas by connect-ing global scale to growing markets and to expand America s energy reach to fuel a more affordable, reliable, and lower carbon future. Attractive, Connected Portfolio Geographically diverse portfolio with differentiated access to premium markets Answering the Call for Growing Demand Expanding the value of natural gas by connecting reliable scale to highest growth demand centers Resilient Financial Foundation Investment Grade balance sheet supports through-cycle value creation Responsible Stewardship Connecting affordable, reliable and lower carbon energy to markets in need Executive Compensation 35 clearly grounded in rigorous, data-informed judgment rather than purely formulaic outcomes, and importantly, better aligned with long-term value creation. How did the committee deter-mine the 2025 AIP payout? Throughout the year, the Committee reviewed performance quarterly, refining the data and analysis needed to assess results against the three Ds. While this process required significant time and discussion, it proved valuable. By year-end, the Committee was confident in its ability to evaluate performance against pre-determined metrics while applying informed judgment around durability, peer differentiation, and the broader market context. Are you satisfied with the results of the 2025 AIP program? Yes. We believe the program successfully shifted the focus from simply beating forecasts to strengthening the business for the long term. For example, our Haynesville performance was excep-tional, with basin-level breakevens reduced by roughly 15%. The Committee viewed this improvement as both durable and clearly differentiated versus peers, fundamentally improving the eco-nomics of our position. We re also pleased with the cultural im-pact teams are now expected not only to deliver results, but to clearly demonstrate why those results matter over the long term. What is next for Expand s compensation program? We ll continue to refine the program to ensure it remains compet-itive and aligned with shareholder interests. Our focus will stay on rewarding durable, differentiated performance while attracting and retaining high-performing talent. We welcome thoughtful input and constructive feedback from our shareholders and other key stakeholders. Please send us your thoughts directly at TalktoBOD@expandenergy.com. Your feedback will be considered as we seek to continuously improve the program and strengthen our business. Q A with Brian Steck, Compensation Committee Chair Can you describe the goal of Expand Energy s executive compensation program? Expand s executive compensation program is designed to attract and retain top talent while closely aligning pay with operational performance, financial results and long-term shareholder value. The program emphasizes long-term incentives, 100% of which are paid in Expand common stock with three-year vesting periods, and 70% of which are subject to demanding performance hurdles related to our absolute and relative shareholder returns. Annual incentives complement this structure by rewarding achievement of predefined goals that support durable, and differentiated, long-term value creation. The Committee updated the Annual Incentive Program (AIP) in 2025. What changed? The core structure of the AIP didn t change. We continue to focus on the same categories of metrics License to Operate, Evergreen Value Drivers, and Long-Term Value Drivers using demanding quantitative targets and predetermined weightings. What changed is how we evaluate results. Previously, payouts were largely formula-driven, based on linear interpolation between threshold, target, and maximum perfor-mance hurdles. Under the updated approach, outcomes are informed by data-driven discussions that assess performance through our three lenses: degree of achievement, durability of results, and differentiation versus peers the three Ds. This allows us to reward innovation and outcomes that create last-ing, differentiated value, rather than just hitting a number. How has the updated AIP performed in its first year? The new framework has sharpened our competitive focus and encouraged more innovative thinking across the organization. Leaders and teams are thinking more deeply about how our results compare to peers, and whether success reflects real structural improvements or temporary factors. While this ap-proach is more complex, the early results give us great confidence we re moving in the right direction, as incentive decisions are Expand s executive compensation program is designed to attract and retain top talent align pay to operational performance, financial results and long-term shareholder value. + 36 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement BRITTANY RAIFORD Ms. Raiford has served as Vice President Treasurer Investor Relations since April 2026. She previously served as Vice President, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer from August 2025 to April 2026 and as the Company s Vice President Treasurer from the completion of the Southwestern merger in Octo-ber 2024 until August 2025. Prior to the Merger, Ms. Raiford served as Vice President of Investor Relations at Southwestern. She joined Southwestern in 2011 and held various roles of increasing responsibility in accounting and finance. Ms. Raiford began her career in the assurance practice at Ernst Young. CHRIS LACY Mr. Lacy has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since the comple-tion of the Southwestern merger in October 2024. Prior to the Merger, Chris served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary at Southwestern. He joined Southwestern in 2014 and held various roles of progressively increasing responsibility. Prior to joining Southwestern, Mr. Lacy helped lead a private high-stakes litigation practice with Dewey LeBouef, LLP and Ahmad, Zavitsanos, Anaipakos, Alavi Mensing P.C. JOSHUA J. VIETS Mr. Viets has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since February 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Viets served as the Vice President, Delaware Basin in the Permian Basin Business Unit for ConocoPhillips. He began his career with ConocoPhillips in 2002, working in a variety of technical and leadership roles in the U.S. and the United Kingdom. Mr. Viets has held leadership positions in opera-tions, engineering, subsurface and asset management. Our 2025 Named Executive Officers DANIEL F. TURCO Mr. Turco has served as Executive Vice President, Marketing and Commercial since February 2025. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Turco served as Head of Global LNG Trading / Head of Asia Gas Power Market-ing in Singapore for ExxonMobil. Mr. Turco joined ExxonMobil in 2006 where he held positions of increasing responsibility in upstream natural gas marketing and trading, spanning LNG, U.S., Europe and Asia gas markets. He began his career in oil and gas as an engineer. Mr. Turco earned an M.B.A. from Wilfrid Laurier University (Canada) and an Honors Bachelor of Applied Science, Civil Engineering Management Science from the University of Waterloo (Canada). DOMENIC J. ( NICK ) DELL OSSO, JR. previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer from October 2021 until February 2026. MOHIT SINGH previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from December 2021 until August 2025. Executive Compensation 37 Our Compensation Philosophy Our Compensation Committee designed our executive officer compensation program to attract and retain world-class, innovative leaders, who are positioned to execute our returns-focused strategy by properly aligning their compensation opportunities with the achievement of rigorous operational, financial and strategic priorities that drive superior, lasting shareholder value. Process for Determining Executive Compensation Our Compensation Committee is responsible for evaluating and approving the Company s executive compensation plans, policies and programs. In determining compensation, the Committee conducts a comprehensive annual assessment of the performance of our NEOs, both individually and as a team. The Committee also considers our long-term strategic priorities and shareholder input, including the results of our most recent say-on-pay vote. In 2025, the Compensation Committee s review included both an objective determination of the Company s performance relative to predetermined operational, financial and strategic objectives, and a subjective consideration of each NEO s individual contributions to the Company s performance. The Committee also considered market data, including the compensation levels and structures of similarly situated executives among our Compensation Peer Group. In assessing the performance of each NEO in 2025, the Compen-sation Committee considered the following: Company Performance Financial and operational performance of the Company, including progress made with respect to predetermined metrics more fully described on page 41 Individual Performance Tangibles NEO s contributions to the development and execution of the Company s business plans and strategies Performance of the NEO s department or functional unit Level of responsibility Individual Performance Intangibles Demonstrated leadership Motivational skills Work ethic, insight, foresight, judgment Demonstrated commitment to the Company EXECUTIVE OFFICER ASSESSMENT You can find more information and discussion on these considerations in Primary Executive Compensation Elements for 2025 on page 38. Total Compensation Pay-for-performance philosophy incentivizes exceptional individual and company performance without rewarding mediocrity Target total direct compensation at around the 50th percentile of the Compensation Peer Group, adjusted for experience, performance and level of responsibility Encourages prudent risk taking in line with Evergreen and Long-Term Value Drivers LTIP Ties executive compensation directly to stock performance through our LTIP awards, which pay out 100% in equity, with 35% tied to absolute TSR and 35% tied to relative TSR Incentivizes retention and sustained performance through PSUs with 3-year cliff vesting AIP Based on quantitative metrics but responsive to cyclicality Exacting License to Operate standards in AIP reward safe and sustainable operations 38 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement WHAT WE DO WHAT WE DON T DO Pay for Performance. Long-term incentive awards vest over several years to incentivize and reward sustained performance in concert with our pay-for-performance philosophy. Shareholder Engagement. Fulsome year-round engagement with shareholders on compensation and other topics of importance. Stock Ownership Guidelines. Our NEOs are subject to a minimum equity ownership requirement, ensuring direct alignment with shareholder interests. Clawback Policy. If we restate our financial statements, other than as a result of changes to accounting rules or regulations, we may recoup cash and equity incentive compensation. Double-Trigger Change-in-Control Provisions. In the event of a change in control, cash severance and LTIP awards are paid only if an actual or constructive termination occurs. Annual Risk Assessments. The Compensation Committee evaluates the relationship between compensation and corporate risk. Peer Group Comparison. We compare executive compensation against industry compensation practices to drive distinguished relative performance. Independent Compensation Consultant. The Compensation Committee retains its own independent consultant to advise on compensation matters. No Excessive Risk Taking. Our compensation programs are designed to deter excessive risk taking. No Tax Gross-Ups. Our severance agree-ments contain no tax gross-ups for NEOs. No Automatic Base Salary Increases. Our NEOs base salaries are reviewed annually, and decisions are based on demonstrated individual performance, business conditions and external market data provided by our independent compen-sation consultant. No Hedging or Pledging of EXE Stock. Our policies prohibit the pledging and hedging of our stock by our executives and directors. No Employment Agreements. All NEOs are employed at-will. Compensation Governance Best Practices Primary Executive Compensation Elements for 2025 Expand Energy is committed to maintaining performance-driven compensation programs designed to attract, retain, and appropriately reward top talent while ensuring strong alignment between compensation and performance metrics that drive sustainable shareholder value. Our Compensation Committee aims to strike an appropriate balance between fixed and at risk compensation and implements our pay-for-performance philosophy by linking a significant portion of each NEO s compensation to Company performance and indi-vidual contributions. COMPENSATION COMPONENT DELIVERY METHOD PURPOSE Fixed Base Salary Cash Competitively compensate executives to reflect levels of responsibility and contribution to the Company s success Performance Based and Variable Annual Incentive Awards Cash Provide an incentive focused on near-term attainment of established objectives Long-Term Incentive Awards PSUs stock settled 70% of total value Focus executives on longer-term delivery of differentiated absolute and relative shareholder value RSUs stock settled 30% of total value Further align executives with shareholders and reinforce an owner s perspective as our executives manage the business Executive Compensation 39 Name and Title 2024 Annual Base Salary ($) Year-over-Year Change (%) 2025 Annual Base Salary ($) Joshua J. Viets Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer 585,000 3 600,000 Chris Lacy Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 490,000 2 500,000 Daniel F. Turco(a) Executive Vice President, Marketing and Commercial 515,000 Brittany Raiford(b) Vice President, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 325,000 3 334,750 Domenic J. ( Nick ) Dell Osso, Jr.(c) Former President and Chief Executive Officer 910,000 4 950,000 Mohit Singh(d) Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 560,000 3 575,000 (a) Mr. Turco joined the Company in his current position on February 18, 202 (b) Ms. Raiford was appointed as the Company s Vice President, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer on August 13, 2025. Ms. Raiford s title was changed Vice President Treasurer and Investor Relations, effective April 6, 2026. (c) Mr. Dell Osso separated from the Company on February 6, 2026. (d) Mr. Singh separated from the Company on August 13, 202 Compensation Actions for 2025 2025 BASE SALARIES The Compensation Committee reviews the base salaries of each NEO annually to ensure they are competitive relative to our Compen-sation Peer Group. Base salaries reflect each NEO s level of responsibility, leadership, and contribution to our financial and operational performance, as well as the competitive marketplace for executive talent in our industry. The Compensation Committee establishes base salaries upon the appointment of each NEO and may adjust them as a result of changes in responsibilities or market conditions. The Committee approved base salary increases for Messrs. Viets, Lacy, Dell Osso and Singh for 2025 and established Mr. Turco s and Ms. Raiford s initial base salaries upon their appointment, in each case based on individual performance and targeting the 50th percen-tile of similarly situated executives in the Company s Compensation Peer Group. 2025 ANNUAL INCENTIVE PROGRAM The Compensation Committee structured our 2025 annual incentive program (AIP) to motivate and reward our NEOs and other employees for the achievement of our strategic priorities and sustainable value creation. The program s performance metrics focus on 3 key areas: (1) cash generation, (2) capital efficiency, and (3) sustainability. To reinforce the Company s continued focus on sustainability and corporate responsibility, the AIP maintained rigorous goals on Serious Incident and Fatality (SIF), Methane Intensity and other License to Operate standards. 50% of our AIP awards are based upon the achievement of near-term Evergreen Value Drivers, 35% are tied to Long-Term Value Drivers, and 15% depend entirely upon our License to Operate objectives. All NEO awards under the AIP are subject to adjustment by the Board based on its retrospective, subjective evaluation of each NEO s individual and team performance against these weighted goals. Calculating Annual Incentive Program Awards The following formula was used to calculate the payment that could be awarded to each NEO under the 2025 AIP: The Compensation Committee sets the target percentage of base salary for each NEO annually. The AIP features a target performance level for each metric. Each metric has a maximum payout of 200% of target for extraordinary performance, as discussed below. For 2025, the Committee set target levels based on the Company s approved budget, projected activity, commodity price outlook and historical performance. Base Salary Target Percentage of Base Salary Payout Factor (0% 200%) x x 40 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement Name 2025 Base Salary ($) Annual Incentive Program Target as % of Base Salary Annual Incentive Program at Target (100% Performance Metrics Achieved) ($) 200% Maximum Potential Opportunity ($) Joshua J. Viets 600,000 100 600,000 1,200,000 Chris Lacy 500,000 80 400,000 800,000 Daniel F. Turco 515,000 100 515,000 1,030,000 Brittany Raiford 334,750 50 167,375 334,750 Domenic J. ( Nick ) Dell Osso, Jr.(a) 950,000 125 1,187,500 2,375,000 Mohit Singh(b) 575,000 100 575,000 1,150,000 (a) Mr. Dell Osso s participation in the AIP ended upon his separation from the Company on February 6, 2026. (b) Mr. Singh s participation in the AIP ended upon his separation from the Company on August 13, 2025. See page 59 for details regarding his severance payou 2025 AIP Performance Goals For the 2025 AIP, the Compensation Committee established the performance goals described below, which it believes appropriately focused on the operational and financial discipline and long-term strategic vision that our shareholders value. Each metric was select-ed to align with one of our corporate objectives, with target performance measures set accordingly: 35% Long-Term Value Drivers 50% Evergreen Value Drivers 15% License to Operate Weighting 22% Factors These metrics, which cascade throughout the Company, were designed to drive cash generation while reinforcing our commitment to safety and environmental leadership. To complement our LTIP, which emphasizes total shareholder return (TSR), the Compensa-tion Committee selected AIP performance metrics that were more directly within management s control. The Committee believes this balanced approach to NEO compensation incentivizes achievement of near-term operational efficiencies and longer-term strategic actions which create durable value. Weightings were determined for each performance goal based on its overall significance to our Company s success. The Committee reinforced our commitment to safety and sustainability by setting a SIF target of zero and demand-ing continuous improvement on Methane Intensity. Range of Potential AIP Payouts The following table reflects the range of potential payouts for each NEO under our 2025 AIP and includes example payouts at the target and maximum levels. Executive Compensation 41 2025 AIP Performance The License to Operate and Evergreen Value Driver metrics that determined 65% of our 2025 AIP are reflected in the following table. The Company excelled in all sustainability metrics and achieved exceptional operational and financial results, highlighted by strong new well performance, safety and free cash flow generation in 2025. Performance Metric Target Actual Goal Weighting Goal Payout Factor (Performance based on payout scale) Committee Assessment Weighted Goal (Goal Weighting x Goal Payout Factor) License to Operate Total Recordable Incident Rate (Employee Contractor) 0.18 0.13 10% 180% Significantly Exceeded 18.0% SIF (Serious Incident and Fatality) 0 0 Spills Intensity Ratio 0.005 0.002 5% 103% Significantly Exceeded GHG Emission Intensity 3.5 3.5 5.2% Partially Met Methane Intensity 0.03% 0.03% Evergreen Value Drivers New Well Program Delivery (PIR) 0.85 0.94 20% 160% Exceeded 32.0% Free Cash Flow before A D and Dividend $1,035 $1,825 10% 160% Significantly Exceeded 16.0% Net Revenue Incl. Hedges GP T ($/Mcfe) $2.19 $2.33 10% 125% Exceeded 12.5% Cash Costs LOE G A ($/Mcfe) $0.38 $0.31 10% 145% Exceeded 14.5% Company Goals (above) 65% 151% 98.2% Long-Term Value Drivers 35% 148% 51.8% Total Bonus Payout 100% 150% Total Recordable Incident Rate is the number of OSHA recordable incidents multiplied by 200,000 and then divided by the actual number of hours worked in one year for Company employees, contingent labor, and contractors. Contractor and contingent labor hours are based on gross capital spend per API guidelines. SIF (Serious Incident and Fatality) is the number of actual serious incidents and fatalities during the year. Spills Intensity Ratio is calculated as total produced liquid spilled outside of secondary containment (measured in Bbls) divided by total produced liquid (mea-sured per 1,000 Bbls). GHG Emission Intensity is calculated as metric tons of CO2 e divided by gross operated annual production (Mboe). Methane Intensity is calculated as volume of methane emissions divided by volume of gross operated natural gas produced. New Well Program Delivery is calculated as the ratio of the net present value of cash flows over the net capital investment (NPV10/net capex) for all wells turned-in-line in 2025 and measured against their budgeted Profit Investment Ratio (NPV10/Total Net Capital). Adjusted to eliminate change in price and differentials. Free Cash Flow before A D and Dividend is cash flow from operations less capital expenditures and investments (not including A D or financing cash flows), excluding any contract buyouts/buydowns. Net Revenue is inclusive of basis, hedges and gathering, processing and transportation expenses, marketing margin and loss contracts divided by total produc-tion on a one thousand cubic feet of natural gas equivalent basis (Mcfe) (net operated and non-operated sale volumes for the year per accounting months). Cash Costs is production expenses, plus general and administrative expenses divided by total production on a one thousand cubic feet of natural gas equivalent basis (Mcfe) (net operated and non-operated sale volumes for the year per accounting months). 42 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement LONG-TERM VALUE DRIVER GOAL HIGHLIGHTS COMMITTEE ASSESSMENT Integration Milestones Completed integration of key systems by Q1 2025 Achieved investment-grade rating and S P 500 inclusion Significantly Exceeded Synergy Delivery / Breakeven Synergy realization increased to $600mm, 50% increase from Merger projection Durable improvement to breakeven costs and efficiencies primarily from improved drilling performance Exceeded Inventory Replacement Operational efficiencies and lateral extensions enhanced inventory Added strategic acreage positions Exceeded Marketing and Commercial Milestones Increased market access and trading Strategic staffing enhancements and organizational buildout Strengthened risk management policies and protocols Exceeded Corporate Culture Improved cultural alignment and employee engagement Advances in leadership development, mentoring, collaboration and technical talent development Exceeded Long-Term Value Drivers 35% of the 2025 AIP target payout was based on the achievement of certain strategic objectives set by the Compensation Committee covering the following areas: The Compensation Committee determined that the Company outperformed its Long-Term Value Drivers in 2025 and approved a pay-out of 51.8% (148% of the 35% target) for this portion of the AIP. Actual Payments for 2025 In determining AIP outcomes for 2025, the Committee assessed and recognized each NEO s relative team and individual contribu-tions to Company performance against our Long-Term Value Drivers, including synergy delivery, breakeven reduction, achievement of integration milestones and contributions to corporate culture. The following table shows the amounts actually awarded to each NEO under the 2025 AIP: Name 2025 Base Salary ($) Annual Incentive Program Target as % of Base Annual Incentive Program at Target ($) Payout Factor (%) Payout ($) Additional Perfor-mance Incentive ($) Actual Award Payment ($) Joshua J. Viets 600,000 100 600,000 150 900,000 150,000 1,050,000 Chris Lacy 500,000 80 400,000 150 600,000 50,000 650,000 Daniel F. Turco 515,000 100 515,000 150 772,500 772,500 Brittany Raiford 334,750 50 167,375 150 251,063 80,000 331,063 Domenic J. ( Nick ) Dell Osso, Jr.(a) 950,000 125 1,187,500 Mohit Singh(b) 575,000 100 575,000 (a) Mr. Dell Osso s participation in the AIP ended upon his separation from the Company on February 6, 2026. (b) Mr. Singh s participation in the AIP ended upon his separation from the Company on August 13, 2025. See page 59 for details relating to severance payout Executive Compensation 43 2025 Long-Term Incentive Program Our long-term incentive program (LTIP) is integral to our pay-for-performance approach. The Compensation Committee believes that incentivizing our NEOs with a balanced mix of time-based restricted stock units (RSUs) and results-based performance share units (PSUs) strongly aligns their interests with those of our shareholders, driving returns and rewarding sustainable value creation, while also serving as a powerful recruitment and retention incentive. 2025 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE AWARDS TARGETED VALUE The Compensation Committee approved the following 2025 target LTIP values for our NEOs: Name 2025 Base Salary ($) Long-Term Incentive Target (%) RSUs ($) Inducement RSUs ($) (a) Interim Service RSUs ($) (b) aTSR ($) rTSR ($) Total Target Value ($) Joshua J. Viets 600,000 550 990,000 1,155,000 1,155,000 3,300,000 Chris Lacy 500,000 380 570,000 665,000 665,000 1,900,000 Daniel F. Turco 515,000 388 600,000 875,000 700,000 700,000 2,875,000 Brittany Raiford(c) 334,750 127 212,500 200,000 106,250 106,250 625,000 Domenic J. ( Nick ) Dell Osso, Jr. 950,000 801 2,283,750 2,664,375 2,664,375 7,612,500 Mohit Singh 575,000 452 780,000 910,000 910,000 2,600,000 (a) Inducement award granted upon hire on February 18, 2025. This award was made to partially compensate Mr. Turco for earned but unvested awards at Mr. Turc prior employer that he forfeited when he joined our team. (b) Ms. Raiford received a one-time grant of RSUs in connection with her appointment as Vice President, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer in August 20 (c) Ms. Raiford s annual LTI award was granted under the Company s Vice President LTI program and reflects a mix of fifty percent time-based and fifty percent perfor-mance-based awar Time-based Fixed number of units that vest over 3 years Stock settled Performance-based 35% Absolute TSR PSUs Conditional number of units earned based on Company s TSR over 3 years Stock settled 35% Relative TSR PSUs Conditional number of units earned based on Company s TSR compared to peers over 3 years Stock settled + 22% 30% Restricted Stock Units 70% Performance Share Units 44 Expand Energy 2026 Proxy Statement TARGET VALUE AND FORM OF 2025 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE AWARDS When setting the target value of long-term incentive awards, the Compensation Committee assesses each NEO s role, leadership, and contribution to the Company s success, as well as compensation levels within the Compensation Peer Group. Based on these considerations, the Committee sets an estimated target dollar value for each award. For 2025, NEO awards were comprised 70% of PSUs and 30% of RSUs, both of which are settled in stock and entitled to receive dividend equivalents payable in cash upon vesting. 2025 PSU AWARDS The Compensation Committee believes that PSUs tied to absolute and relative TSR create harmony between our executive co