=== OXY_2026-02-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Form 10-K. GOVERNANCE BOARD The Audit Committee of the Board oversees the Company s IT security programs, including cybersecurity, which includes review of possible external threats and potential mitigations. The Board also reviews the Company s cybersecurity program at least annually. In this review, the CIO briefs the full Board on cybersecurity and data protection matters, including analysis and review of the measures implemented by the Company to identify and mitigate cybersecurity risks. The Company also has protocols by which material cybersecurity incidents are to be reported to the Audit Committee and/or the Board. SENIOR MANAGEMENT The Company s CIO , who has over 20 years of IT and cybersecurity experience at the Company and elsewhere, heads the team responsible for implementing and maintaining cybersecurity and data protection practices across the Company s businesses and reports directly to the President and CEO. The Company has a centrally coordinated team, led by its CIO, responsible for implementing and maintaining cybersecurity and data protection practices across the Company. The Company s CIO regularly reviews risk management measures and the overall cyber risk strategy implemented and maintained by the Company. The CIO receives regular updates on the Company s cybersecurity program and monitors the 16 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents OTHER INFORMATION prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through reports from the Company s cybersecurity leaders, each of whom is supported by a team of trained cybersecurity professionals. In addition to the Company s extensive in-house cybersecurity capabilities, the Company also engages assessors, consultants, auditors or other third parties when necessary to assist with assessing, identifying and managing cybersecurity risks. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The Company has elected to use a $1 million threshold for disclosing certain proceedings arising under federal, state or local environmental laws when a government authority is a party and potential monetary sanctions are involved. In September 2025, the New Mexico Environment Department (the Department) proposed a penalty amount to resolve alleged delayed reporting under the Department s rules of two emission events in 2020 at an Occidental subsidiary s facility in Lea County, New Mexico. The subsidiary is actively pursuing resolution of this matter with the Department. For information regarding legal proceedings, see the information under Lawsuits, Claims, Commitments and Contingencies in the Management s Discussion and Analysis section of this Form 10-K and in Note 12 - Lawsuits, Claims, Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 17 table of contents OTHER INFORMATION INFORMATION ABOUT EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Each executive officer holds his or her office from the date of election by the Board of Directors until the first board meeting held after the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until his or her removal or departure or a successor is duly elected, if earlier. The following table sets forth the executive officers of the Company as of February 18, 2026: Name Current Title Age as of February 18, 2026 Positions with the Company and Employment History Christopher O. Champion Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller 56 Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller since August 2019; Anadarko Petroleum Corporation: Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller, 2017-2019, Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller, 2015-2017. Kenneth Dillon Senior Vice President and President International Oil and Gas Operations 66 Senior Vice President since December 2016; President International Oil and Gas Operations since June 2016. Vicki Hollub President and Chief Executive Officer 66 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director since April 2016. Richard A. Jackson Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 49 Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since October 2025; President Operations U.S. Onshore Resources and Carbon Management 2020-2025; President and General Manager, EOR and Oxy Low Carbon Ventures, LLC, 2020; President Low Carbon Ventures, 2019-2020; Senior Vice President, Operation Support, 2018-2019; Vice President, Investor Relations, 2017-2018; President and General Manager Permian Resources Delaware Basin, 2014-2017. Sylvia J. Kerrigan Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer 60 Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since October 2022; Executive Director of the Kay Bailey Hutchison Energy Center for Business, Law and Policy at The University of Texas, 2017-2022; Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Marathon Oil Corporation, 2009-2017. Sunil Mathew Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 55 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2023; Vice President, Strategic Planning, Analysis and Business Development, 2020-2023; Vice President, Strategic Planning and Analysis, 2014-2020. Robert L. Peterson Senior Vice President 55 Senior Vice President since April 2020; Executive Vice President, Essential Chemistry, 2023-January 2026; Chief Financial Officer, 2020-2023; Senior Vice President, Permian EOR, 2019-2020; Vice President, Permian Strategy, 2018-2019; Director, Permian Business Area, 2017-2018; President, OxyChem, 2014-2017. Jeff F. Simmons Senior Vice President and Chief Petrotechnical Officer 66 Senior Vice President, Subsurface Technology since February 2026 and Chief Petrotechnical Officer since January 2021 Senior Vice President, Technical and Operations Support, 2021-2026; Senior Vice President, Technical Planning and Evaluation, 2017-2021 Executive Vice President, Growth and Operations Support, 2016-2017. 18 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY Part II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES MARKET INFORMATION, HOLDERS AND DIVIDEND POLICY Occidental s common stock is listed and traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol OXY. The common stock was held by approximately 21,000 stockholders of record as of January 31, 2026, which does not include beneficial owners for whom Cede and Co. or others act as nominees. The Company declared dividends of $0.96 per share in 2025. On February 18, 2026, the Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.26 per share on common stock, over an 8% increase from the previous quarter, payable in April 2026. The declaration of future dividends is a business decision made by the Board of Directors from time to time and will depend on the Company s financial condition and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM In February 2023, the Company announced a share repurchase program to repurchase up to $3.0 billion of Occidental s shares of common stock. The program does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares and may be discontinued at any time. The value remaining in the Company s share repurchase program as of December 31, 2025 was $1.2 billion. There were no share repurchases under the Company s share repurchase program in 2025. OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 19 table of contents MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY PERFORMANCE GRAPH The following graph compares the yearly percentage change in the Company s cumulative total return on its common stock with the cumulative total return of the S P 500, which includes the Company, and with the Company s peer group over the five-year period ended December 31, 2025. The graph assumes that $100 was invested at the beginning of the five-year period shown in the graph below and that all dividends were reinvested in: (i) Occidental common stock (ii) the stock of the companies in the S P 500; and (iii) each of the peer group companies common stock weighted by their relative market capitalization within the peer group. The Company s peer group consists of BP p.l.c., Chevron Corporation, ConocoPhillips, EOG Resources, Inc., ExxonMobil Corporation, Shell and TotalEnergies. Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Occidental $ 100 $ 168 $ 367 $ 353 $ 296 $ 252 Peer Group $ 100 $ 147 $ 236 $ 235 $ 234 $ 268 S P 500 $ 100 $ 129 $ 105 $ 133 $ 166 $ 196 The information provided in this Performance Graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under the Exchange Act, other than as provided in Item 201 to Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act, or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act except to the extent the Company specifically requests that it be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporates it by reference. 20 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion should be read together with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included in this Form 10-K in Item 8 and the information set forth in Risk Factors under Part 1, Item 1A. The following sections include a discussion of results for fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 as well as certain 2023 results. The comparative results for fiscal 2024 with fiscal 2023 generally have not been included in this Form 10-K, but may be found in Part II - Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. INDEX PAGE Current Business Outlook and Strategy 22 Oil and Gas Segment 24 Midstream and Marketing Segment 34 Segment Results of Operations and Items Affecting Comparability 36 Consolidated Results of Operations 39 Income Taxes 42 Liquidity and Capital Resources 43 Lawsuits, Claims, Commitments and Contingencies 45 Environmental Expenditures 46 Global Investments 46 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 47 Safe Harbor Discussion Regarding Outlook and Other Forward-Looking Data 51 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 21 table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS CURRENT BUSINESS OUTLOOK AND STRATEGY GENERAL The Company s financial results are significantly influenced by oil prices, and to a lesser extent, NGL and natural gas prices, and commodity market differentials. Oil prices have been and are expected to remain volatile due to shifts in energy supply and demand, ongoing geopolitical factors and OPEC supply actions. In 2025, compared to 2024, the average annual WTI price per barrel decreased to $64.81 from $75.72, and the average annual Brent price per barrel decreased to $68.18 from $79.79. The Company s costs are influenced by inflationary trends, market conditions, the availability and cost of oilfield services, electricity, and CO , and other operational expenditures. In April 2025, a U.S. tariff policy was announced that imposed a 10% base tariff rate on most imports, with higher rates applied to certain countries. Since then, the U.S. has negotiated trade deals, and certain tariff rates have been adjusted or paused amid ongoing litigation. These tariffs may increase the Company s supplier costs and affect demand and prices for its products. The Company works to manage inflation impacts by capitalizing on operational efficiencies, locking in pricing on longer-term contracts and working closely with vendors to secure the supply of critical materials. Seasonality is not a primary driver of changes in the Company s consolidated quarterly earnings. STRATEGY The Company is focused on delivering a unique shareholder value proposition with its portfolio of oil and gas and midstream and marketing assets, as well as its ongoing development of carbon management and storage solutions and GHG emissions reduction efforts. The Company conducts its operations with a priority on HSE, sustainability and social responsibility. In order to maximize shareholder returns, the Company will: Maintain production base to preserve asset base integrity and longevity; Deliver a sustainable and growing dividend; Prioritize excess cash flow and proceeds from divestitures, including the OxyChem Transaction, for deleveraging until principal debt is approximately $14.3 billion, after which available cash will be allocated to opportunistic share repurchases and/or further net debt reduction; Enhance its asset base with investments in its cash-generative oil and gas business; and Advance integrated technologies in CO 2 , power and midstream to enable differentiated resource recovery and value. OXYCHEM TRANSACTION In October 2025, the Company announced entry into a purchase and sale agreement with Berkshire Hathaway to sell all of the issued and outstanding equity interests in OxyChem in an all-cash transaction for $9.7 billion. The sale was completed on January 2, 2026, resulting in an estimated gain of $3.2 billion, net of taxes and subject to post-closing adjustments. As a result, OxyChem s results of operations, cash flows and the related retained liabilities and indemnification obligations are reported as discontinued operations in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Cash Flows for all periods presented, with its assets and liabilities reclassified as held for sale in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. An Occidental subsidiary, Environmental Resource Holdings, LLC (ERH), has retained legacy tort claims and environmental liabilities primarily associated with historical operations outside of the footprint of the operating facilities that were sold. Glenn Springs Holdings, Inc. will continue to manage the remedial activities at environmental sites on behalf of ERH. The Company expects to expend funds for remediation over many years based on the approved workplans. CAPITAL INVESTMENT In 2025, the Company invested $5.6 billion in high-return oil and gas assets to generate long-term free cash flow throughout the commodity cycle. In the midstream and marketing segment, the Company invested $0.7 billion before contributions from noncontrolling interest, primarily related to STRATOS. DEBT In 2025, the Company used proceeds from divestitures and cash on hand to repay approximately $4.0 billion of debt. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, but before the date of this filing, the Company used proceeds from the OxyChem Transaction to pay or satisfy and discharge an additional $5.4 billion of debt. As of the date of this filing, the principal debt outstanding was approximately $15 billion, of which $24 million is due in 2026, $48 million in 2027, $14 million in 2028, $367 million in 2029 and $14.6 billion due in 2030 and thereafter. For detailed information on the Company s debt activity, see Note 5 - Long-Term Debt in the notes to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 22 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS SHAREHOLDER RETURN PRIORITIES Capital is returned to shareholders through the Company s dividend and share repurchases. In 2025, the Company declared dividends to common shareholders of $945 million, or $0.96 per share. As of December 31, 2025, $1.2 billion remained of the Company s $3.0 billion share repurchase program, which the Board authorized in February 2023. After using the proceeds from the OxyChem Transaction to reduce the principal of outstanding debt to approximately $15 billion, the Company s shareholder return priorities are to continue to provide a sustainable and growing dividend and further reduce principal debt to approximately $14.3 billion. Available cash will be allocated, as appropriate, to opportunistic share repurchases and/or further debt reduction. SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY The Company s sustainability strategy is organized around four pillars: principles of governance, people, planet, and prosperity. The Company integrates these sustainability pillars into our strategic planning and investment decision-making processes. In 2020, the Company was the first U.S. oil and gas company to announce goals to achieve net-zero GHG emissions for its total emissions inventory including use of sold products. These goals include achieving net-zero GHG emissions (i) from its operations and energy use before 2040, with an ambition to do so before 2035, and (ii) from its total carbon inventory, including the use of its sold products, with an ambition to do so before 2050. In 2020, the Company also set various interim targets, including 2025 carbon and methane intensity targets, and the Company was the first U.S. oil and gas company to endorse the World Bank s initiative for zero routine flaring by 2030. In 2022, the Board of Directors adopted the Company s updated HSE and Sustainability Principles, based on engagement with shareholders, employees and other stakeholders. The HSE and Sustainability Principles reinforce the alignment among the Company s core values, goals and strategies, underpin its Operating Management System, and help to guide the workforce across its operations. In 2023, the Company was an original signatory to the Oil and Gas Decarbonization Charter, committed funding to the World Bank s Global Flaring and Methane Reduction Partnership, and established a new, medium-term 2030 methane intensity target. In 2025, the Company established a new, medium-term 2030 CO 2 equivalent intensity target. The Company seeks to meet its sustainability and environmental goals by implementing practices and technologies to reduce operational emissions coupled with its development and commercialization of technologies that lower both GHG emissions from industrial processes and existing atmospheric concentrations of CO 2 . The Company believes that carbon removal technologies, including DAC and CCUS, can, with incentives necessary for their development and deployment, provide essential CO 2 reductions to assist the world s transition to a lower carbon-intensive economy. Through fiscal 2024, the Company reduced estimated methane emissions by approximately 78.6% from 2019 and 40% from 2023, along with a 28.7% reduction in CO 2 equivalent emissions since 2019. The following actions helped the Company advance its low-carbon business strategy in 2025: Completed construction of STRATOS central processing facilities and obtained Class VI permits to sequester CO 2, with operations expected to begin in 2026. Actively progressed its sequestration hub plans, with five sequestration hubs in various stages of development primarily in the Permian Basin and across the Texas and Louisiana Gulf Coast; and Implemented emissions reduction projects involving hundreds of facilities and wells and thousands of pieces of equipment across its oil and gas operations. The future costs associated with emissions reduction, carbon removal and CCUS to meet the Company s long-term net-zero GHG goals may be substantial and the execution of its plans and net-zero pathway depends on securing third-party capital investments. As reflected by the joint venture with BlackRock, the Company is pursuing multiple avenues to fund these projects including project financing, long-term carbon removal or CCUS agreements, and identifying business opportunities with stakeholders in carbon-intensive industries. KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS The Company seeks to meet its strategic goals by continually measuring its success against key performance indicators that drive total stockholder return. In addition to efficient capital allocation and deployment discussed below in the section titled Oil and Gas Segment - Business Strategy , the Company believes its most significant performance indicators are: OPERATIONAL Total spend per barrel - In 2026, the Company will continue our emphasis on controlling total costs from a per-barrel perspective. Total spend per barrel is the sum of capital spending, general and administrative expenses, other operating and non-operating expenses and oil and gas lease operating costs divided by global oil, NGL and natural gas sales volumes. Daily production - the Company seeks to maximize field operability and minimize production down-time. OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 23 table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS FINANCIAL CROCE - CROCE is calculated as (i) the cash flows from operating activities, before changes in working capital, plus distributions from WES classified as investing cash flows, divided by (ii) the average of the opening and closing balances of total equity plus total debt. FCF - FCF is calculated as the cash flows from operating activities, before changes in working capital, less the Company s capital expenditures, net of contributions from noncontrolling interests. Financial Leverage- Reduce debt to achieve metrics consistent with an investment grade credit rating. SUSTAINABILITY AND ENVIRONMENTAL Interim targets to advance the goal of net-zero operational and energy use emissions before 2040, with an ambition to achieve before 2035. Milestones in specific carbon removal and CCUS projects that advance a net-zero total emissions inventory, including use of sold products, with an ambition to achieve before 2050. Facilitate deployment of carbon removal, CCUS and other solutions to advance total carbon impact past 2050. OIL AND GAS SEGMENT BUSINESS STRATEGY The Company s oil and gas segment focuses on long-term value creation in the key performance indicators noted above of total spend per barrel, field operability, daily production, and leadership through our HSE and sustainability initiatives. In each core operating area, the Company s operations benefit from scale, technical expertise, decades of high-margin inventory, HSE leadership and commercial and governmental collaboration. These attributes allow the Company to bring additional production quickly to market, extend the life of mature fields at lower costs and pursue low-cost returns-driven growth opportunities with advanced technology. The Company is one of the largest U.S. producers of liquids, which includes oil and NGL, enabling it to maximize cash margins on a per barrel basis. The Company s robust portfolio, combined with our subsurface characterization expertise and proven ability to execute, support long-term value creation and full-cycle success. The oil and gas segment strives to maximize efficiencies to lower breakeven costs, generate excess free cash flow and maintain low development and operating costs thereby enhancing the full-cycle value of its assets. The oil and gas segment implements the Company s strategy primarily by: Operating and developing areas where reserves are known to exist and optimizing capital intensity in the Permian Basin, Rockies, Gulf of America, and our international locations; Maintaining a disciplined and prudent approach to capital expenditures with a focus on high-return, short and mid-cycle, cash-flow-generating opportunities and an emphasis on creating value and further enhancing the Company s existing positions; Applying the Company s subsurface characterization and technical expertise to both conventional and unconventional resources; Using secondary and tertiary recovery techniques in mature fields and leveraging the Company s EOR position, experience and infrastructure to extend U.S. unconventional resources; and Focusing on cost-reduction efficiencies and innovative technologies to reduce carbon emissions. In 2025, oil and gas capital expenditures, including exploration, were approximately $5.6 billion and primarily focused on the Company s assets in the Permian Basin, DJ Basin, Gulf of America and Oman. OIL AND GAS PRICE ENVIRONMENT Oil and gas prices are the major variables that drive the industry s financial performance. The following table presents the average daily WTI and Brent prices for oil and NYMEX natural gas prices for 2025 and 2024: 2025 2024 % Change WTI Oil ($/Bbl) $ 64.81 $ 75.72 (14) % Brent Oil ($/Bbl) $ 68.18 $ 79.79 (15) % NYMEX Natural Gas ($/Mcf) $ 3.55 $ 2.34 52 % 24 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The following table presents the Company s average realized prices for continuing operations as a percentage of WTI, Brent and NYMEX for 2025 and 2024: 2025 2024 Worldwide oil as a percentage of average WTI 100 % 99 % Worldwide oil as a percentage of average Brent 95 % 94 % Worldwide NGL as a percentage of average WTI 32 % 28 % Worldwide NGL as a percentage of average Brent 30 % 27 % Domestic natural gas as a percentage of NYMEX 45 % 40 % Prices and differentials can vary significantly, even on a short-term basis, making it difficult to predict realized prices with a reliable degree of certainty. DOMESTIC INTERESTS BUSINESS REVIEW The Company conducts its domestic operations through land leases, subsurface mineral rights it owns, or a combination of both. The Company s domestic oil and gas leases have a primary term ranging from one to 10 years, which is extended through the end of production once it commences. The Company has leasehold and mineral interests in 8.9 million net acres, of which approximately 51% is leased, 48% is owned subsurface mineral rights and 1% is owned land with mineral rights. DOMESTIC ASSETS (a) 1. Powder River Basin 2. DJ Basin 3. Permian Basin 4. Gulf of America (a) Map represents geographic outlines of the respective basins. OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 25 table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The Permian Basin The Permian Basin extends throughout West Texas and Southeast New Mexico and is one of the largest and most active oil basins in the United States, accounting for more than 49% of total United States oil production in 2025. In 2025, the Company sustained a leading position in the Permian Basin, producing approximately 10% of the total oil in the basin. The Company s 2025 production in the Permian Basin was 786 Mboe/d. In 2025, the Company invested approximately $3.4 billion of development capital in the Permian Basin. The Company manages its Permian Basin operations through two businesses: Permian Resources, which includes unconventional opportunities, and Permian EOR, which utilizes secondary and tertiary recovery techniques. By exploiting the natural synergies between Permian Resources and Permian EOR, the Company is able to deliver unique short- and long-term advantages, efficiencies and expertise across its Permian Basin operations. The Permian Resources business is focused on developing and producing unconventional reservoir targets using horizontal drilling technology. The development programs are designed to create long-term value from primary development by maximizing the recovery of oil, utilizing sustainable practices and providing strong financial returns. In 2025, Permian Resources prioritized core development areas, focusing on maintaining the industry-leading capital intensity through optimized surface infrastructure and customized well designs. Permian Resources has 1.5 million net acres. In 2025, Permian Resources produced from approximately 6,300 gross wells and added 390 MMboe to the Company s proved reserves through infill development projects and extensions of proved areas. The Permian Basin s concentration of large conventional reservoirs, strong CO 2 flooding performance and the expansive CO 2 transportation and processing infrastructure has resulted in decades of high-value enhanced oil production. With 34 active CO 2 floods and over 50 years of experience, Permian EOR is the industry leader in Permian Basin CO 2 flooding, which can increase ultimate oil recovery by 10% to 25%. Technology improvements, such as the recent trend toward vertical expansion of the CO 2 flooded interval into residual oil zone targets, continue to yield more recovery from existing projects. Significant opportunities also remain to gain additional recovery by expanding the Company s existing CO 2 projects into new portions of reservoirs that have only been waterflooded. Permian EOR has 1.4 million net acres with a large inventory of future CO 2 projects, which could be developed over the next 20 years or accelerated, depending on market conditions. Permian EOR produced from approximately 11,900 gross wells in 2025. Rockies and Other Domestic In 2025, the Company produced 284 Mboe/d and invested capital of approximately $0.8 billion in the Rockies and Other Domestic locations. Production in the DJ Basin is derived from approximately 3,500 gross wells primarily focused in the Niobrara and Codell formations. The DJ Basin comprises approximately 0.5 million total net acres and provides competitive economics, low breakeven costs and free cash flow generation through the Company s contiguous acreage position and royalty uplift. Operations in the DJ Basin are subject to regulations that impose siting requirements, or setback, on certain oil and gas drilli ng locations based on the distance of a proposed well pad to occupied structures. The Company has a dedicated stakeholder relations team that conducts regulatory and community outreach with respect to its permit applications and operations in Colorado with a focus on building trust and fostering open communication with those who live and work near its operations. The Company has established a steady cadence of permit approvals from various agencies, local governments and the ECMC through robust community outreach, protective site selection, thoughtful facility design and planning, and best-in-class measures to mitigate potential impacts from operations. In 2025, the Company submitted Oil and Gas Devel