=== OXY_2026-02-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Form 10-K. GOVERNANCE BOARD The Audit Committee of the Board oversees the Company s IT security programs, including cybersecurity, which includes review of possible external threats and potential mitigations. The Board also reviews the Company s cybersecurity program at least annually. In this review, the CIO briefs the full Board on cybersecurity and data protection matters, including analysis and review of the measures implemented by the Company to identify and mitigate cybersecurity risks. The Company also has protocols by which material cybersecurity incidents are to be reported to the Audit Committee and/or the Board. SENIOR MANAGEMENT The Company s CIO , who has over 20 years of IT and cybersecurity experience at the Company and elsewhere, heads the team responsible for implementing and maintaining cybersecurity and data protection practices across the Company s businesses and reports directly to the President and CEO. The Company has a centrally coordinated team, led by its CIO, responsible for implementing and maintaining cybersecurity and data protection practices across the Company. The Company s CIO regularly reviews risk management measures and the overall cyber risk strategy implemented and maintained by the Company. The CIO receives regular updates on the Company s cybersecurity program and monitors the 16 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents OTHER INFORMATION prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through reports from the Company s cybersecurity leaders, each of whom is supported by a team of trained cybersecurity professionals. In addition to the Company s extensive in-house cybersecurity capabilities, the Company also engages assessors, consultants, auditors or other third parties when necessary to assist with assessing, identifying and managing cybersecurity risks. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The Company has elected to use a $1 million threshold for disclosing certain proceedings arising under federal, state or local environmental laws when a government authority is a party and potential monetary sanctions are involved. In September 2025, the New Mexico Environment Department (the Department) proposed a penalty amount to resolve alleged delayed reporting under the Department s rules of two emission events in 2020 at an Occidental subsidiary s facility in Lea County, New Mexico. The subsidiary is actively pursuing resolution of this matter with the Department. For information regarding legal proceedings, see the information under Lawsuits, Claims, Commitments and Contingencies in the Management s Discussion and Analysis section of this Form 10-K and in Note 12 - Lawsuits, Claims, Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 17 table of contents OTHER INFORMATION INFORMATION ABOUT EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Each executive officer holds his or her office from the date of election by the Board of Directors until the first board meeting held after the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until his or her removal or departure or a successor is duly elected, if earlier. The following table sets forth the executive officers of the Company as of February 18, 2026: Name Current Title Age as of February 18, 2026 Positions with the Company and Employment History Christopher O. Champion Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller 56 Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller since August 2019; Anadarko Petroleum Corporation: Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller, 2017-2019, Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller, 2015-2017. Kenneth Dillon Senior Vice President and President International Oil and Gas Operations 66 Senior Vice President since December 2016; President International Oil and Gas Operations since June 2016. Vicki Hollub President and Chief Executive Officer 66 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director since April 2016. Richard A. Jackson Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 49 Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since October 2025; President Operations U.S. Onshore Resources and Carbon Management 2020-2025; President and General Manager, EOR and Oxy Low Carbon Ventures, LLC, 2020; President Low Carbon Ventures, 2019-2020; Senior Vice President, Operation Support, 2018-2019; Vice President, Investor Relations, 2017-2018; President and General Manager Permian Resources Delaware Basin, 2014-2017. Sylvia J. Kerrigan Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer 60 Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since October 2022; Executive Director of the Kay Bailey Hutchison Energy Center for Business, Law and Policy at The University of Texas, 2017-2022; Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Marathon Oil Corporation, 2009-2017. Sunil Mathew Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 55 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2023; Vice President, Strategic Planning, Analysis and Business Development, 2020-2023; Vice President, Strategic Planning and Analysis, 2014-2020. Robert L. Peterson Senior Vice President 55 Senior Vice President since April 2020; Executive Vice President, Essential Chemistry, 2023-January 2026; Chief Financial Officer, 2020-2023; Senior Vice President, Permian EOR, 2019-2020; Vice President, Permian Strategy, 2018-2019; Director, Permian Business Area, 2017-2018; President, OxyChem, 2014-2017. Jeff F. Simmons Senior Vice President and Chief Petrotechnical Officer 66 Senior Vice President, Subsurface Technology since February 2026 and Chief Petrotechnical Officer since January 2021 Senior Vice President, Technical and Operations Support, 2021-2026; Senior Vice President, Technical Planning and Evaluation, 2017-2021 Executive Vice President, Growth and Operations Support, 2016-2017. 18 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY Part II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES MARKET INFORMATION, HOLDERS AND DIVIDEND POLICY Occidental s common stock is listed and traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol OXY. The common stock was held by approximately 21,000 stockholders of record as of January 31, 2026, which does not include beneficial owners for whom Cede and Co. or others act as nominees. The Company declared dividends of $0.96 per share in 2025. On February 18, 2026, the Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.26 per share on common stock, over an 8% increase from the previous quarter, payable in April 2026. The declaration of future dividends is a business decision made by the Board of Directors from time to time and will depend on the Company s financial condition and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM In February 2023, the Company announced a share repurchase program to repurchase up to $3.0 billion of Occidental s shares of common stock. The program does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares and may be discontinued at any time. The value remaining in the Company s share repurchase program as of December 31, 2025 was $1.2 billion. There were no share repurchases under the Company s share repurchase program in 2025. OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 19 table of contents MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY PERFORMANCE GRAPH The following graph compares the yearly percentage change in the Company s cumulative total return on its common stock with the cumulative total return of the S P 500, which includes the Company, and with the Company s peer group over the five-year period ended December 31, 2025. The graph assumes that $100 was invested at the beginning of the five-year period shown in the graph below and that all dividends were reinvested in: (i) Occidental common stock (ii) the stock of the companies in the S P 500; and (iii) each of the peer group companies common stock weighted by their relative market capitalization within the peer group. The Company s peer group consists of BP p.l.c., Chevron Corporation, ConocoPhillips, EOG Resources, Inc., ExxonMobil Corporation, Shell and TotalEnergies. Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Occidental $ 100 $ 168 $ 367 $ 353 $ 296 $ 252 Peer Group $ 100 $ 147 $ 236 $ 235 $ 234 $ 268 S P 500 $ 100 $ 129 $ 105 $ 133 $ 166 $ 196 The information provided in this Performance Graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under the Exchange Act, other than as provided in Item 201 to Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act, or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act except to the extent the Company specifically requests that it be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporates it by reference. 20 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion should be read together with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included in this Form 10-K in Item 8 and the information set forth in Risk Factors under Part 1, Item 1A. The following sections include a discussion of results for fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 as well as certain 2023 results. The comparative results for fiscal 2024 with fiscal 2023 generally have not been included in this Form 10-K, but may be found in Part II - Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. INDEX PAGE Current Business Outlook and Strategy 22 Oil and Gas Segment 24 Midstream and Marketing Segment 34 Segment Results of Operations and Items Affecting Comparability 36 Consolidated Results of Operations 39 Income Taxes 42 Liquidity and Capital Resources 43 Lawsuits, Claims, Commitments and Contingencies 45 Environmental Expenditures 46 Global Investments 46 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 47 Safe Harbor Discussion Regarding Outlook and Other Forward-Looking Data 51 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 21 table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS CURRENT BUSINESS OUTLOOK AND STRATEGY GENERAL The Company s financial results are significantly influenced by oil prices, and to a lesser extent, NGL and natural gas prices, and commodity market differentials. Oil prices have been and are expected to remain volatile due to shifts in energy supply and demand, ongoing geopolitical factors and OPEC supply actions. In 2025, compared to 2024, the average annual WTI price per barrel decreased to $64.81 from $75.72, and the average annual Brent price per barrel decreased to $68.18 from $79.79. The Company s costs are influenced by inflationary trends, market conditions, the availability and cost of oilfield services, electricity, and CO , and other operational expenditures. In April 2025, a U.S. tariff policy was announced that imposed a 10% base tariff rate on most imports, with higher rates applied to certain countries. Since then, the U.S. has negotiated trade deals, and certain tariff rates have been adjusted or paused amid ongoing litigation. These tariffs may increase the Company s supplier costs and affect demand and prices for its products. The Company works to manage inflation impacts by capitalizing on operational efficiencies, locking in pricing on longer-term contracts and working closely with vendors to secure the supply of critical materials. Seasonality is not a primary driver of changes in the Company s consolidated quarterly earnings. STRATEGY The Company is focused on delivering a unique shareholder value proposition with its portfolio of oil and gas and midstream and marketing assets, as well as its ongoing development of carbon management and storage solutions and GHG emissions reduction efforts. The Company conducts its operations with a priority on HSE, sustainability and social responsibility. In order to maximize shareholder returns, the Company will: Maintain production base to preserve asset base integrity and longevity; Deliver a sustainable and growing dividend; Prioritize excess cash flow and proceeds from divestitures, including the OxyChem Transaction, for deleveraging until principal debt is approximately $14.3 billion, after which available cash will be allocated to opportunistic share repurchases and/or further net debt reduction; Enhance its asset base with investments in its cash-generative oil and gas business; and Advance integrated technologies in CO 2 , power and midstream to enable differentiated resource recovery and value. OXYCHEM TRANSACTION In October 2025, the Company announced entry into a purchase and sale agreement with Berkshire Hathaway to sell all of the issued and outstanding equity interests in OxyChem in an all-cash transaction for $9.7 billion. The sale was completed on January 2, 2026, resulting in an estimated gain of $3.2 billion, net of taxes and subject to post-closing adjustments. As a result, OxyChem s results of operations, cash flows and the related retained liabilities and indemnification obligations are reported as discontinued operations in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Cash Flows for all periods presented, with its assets and liabilities reclassified as held for sale in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. An Occidental subsidiary, Environmental Resource Holdings, LLC (ERH), has retained legacy tort claims and environmental liabilities primarily associated with historical operations outside of the footprint of the operating facilities that were sold. Glenn Springs Holdings, Inc. will continue to manage the remedial activities at environmental sites on behalf of ERH. The Company expects to expend funds for remediation over many years based on the approved workplans. CAPITAL INVESTMENT In 2025, the Company invested $5.6 billion in high-return oil and gas assets to generate long-term free cash flow throughout the commodity cycle. In the midstream and marketing segment, the Company invested $0.7 billion before contributions from noncontrolling interest, primarily related to STRATOS. DEBT In 2025, the Company used proceeds from divestitures and cash on hand to repay approximately $4.0 billion of debt. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, but before the date of this filing, the Company used proceeds from the OxyChem Transaction to pay or satisfy and discharge an additional $5.4 billion of debt. As of the date of this filing, the principal debt outstanding was approximately $15 billion, of which $24 million is due in 2026, $48 million in 2027, $14 million in 2028, $367 million in 2029 and $14.6 billion due in 2030 and thereafter. For detailed information on the Company s debt activity, see Note 5 - Long-Term Debt in the notes to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 22 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS SHAREHOLDER RETURN PRIORITIES Capital is returned to shareholders through the Company s dividend and share repurchases. In 2025, the Company declared dividends to common shareholders of $945 million, or $0.96 per share. As of December 31, 2025, $1.2 billion remained of the Company s $3.0 billion share repurchase program, which the Board authorized in February 2023. After using the proceeds from the OxyChem Transaction to reduce the principal of outstanding debt to approximately $15 billion, the Company s shareholder return priorities are to continue to provide a sustainable and growing dividend and further reduce principal debt to approximately $14.3 billion. Available cash will be allocated, as appropriate, to opportunistic share repurchases and/or further debt reduction. SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY The Company s sustainability strategy is organized around four pillars: principles of governance, people, planet, and prosperity. The Company integrates these sustainability pillars into our strategic planning and investment decision-making processes. In 2020, the Company was the first U.S. oil and gas company to announce goals to achieve net-zero GHG emissions for its total emissions inventory including use of sold products. These goals include achieving net-zero GHG emissions (i) from its operations and energy use before 2040, with an ambition to do so before 2035, and (ii) from its total carbon inventory, including the use of its sold products, with an ambition to do so before 2050. In 2020, the Company also set various interim targets, including 2025 carbon and methane intensity targets, and the Company was the first U.S. oil and gas company to endorse the World Bank s initiative for zero routine flaring by 2030. In 2022, the Board of Directors adopted the Company s updated HSE and Sustainability Principles, based on engagement with shareholders, employees and other stakeholders. The HSE and Sustainability Principles reinforce the alignment among the Company s core values, goals and strategies, underpin its Operating Management System, and help to guide the workforce across its operations. In 2023, the Company was an original signatory to the Oil and Gas Decarbonization Charter, committed funding to the World Bank s Global Flaring and Methane Reduction Partnership, and established a new, medium-term 2030 methane intensity target. In 2025, the Company established a new, medium-term 2030 CO 2 equivalent intensity target. The Company seeks to meet its sustainability and environmental goals by implementing practices and technologies to reduce operational emissions coupled with its development and commercialization of technologies that lower both GHG emissions from industrial processes and existing atmospheric concentrations of CO 2 . The Company believes that carbon removal technologies, including DAC and CCUS, can, with incentives necessary for their development and deployment, provide essential CO 2 reductions to assist the world s transition to a lower carbon-intensive economy. Through fiscal 2024, the Company reduced estimated methane emissions by approximately 78.6% from 2019 and 40% from 2023, along with a 28.7% reduction in CO 2 equivalent emissions since 2019. The following actions helped the Company advance its low-carbon business strategy in 2025: Completed construction of STRATOS central processing facilities and obtained Class VI permits to sequester CO 2, with operations expected to begin in 2026. Actively progressed its sequestration hub plans, with five sequestration hubs in various stages of development primarily in the Permian Basin and across the Texas and Louisiana Gulf Coast; and Implemented emissions reduction projects involving hundreds of facilities and wells and thousands of pieces of equipment across its oil and gas operations. The future costs associated with emissions reduction, carbon removal and CCUS to meet the Company s long-term net-zero GHG goals may be substantial and the execution of its plans and net-zero pathway depends on securing third-party capital investments. As reflected by the joint venture with BlackRock, the Company is pursuing multiple avenues to fund these projects including project financing, long-term carbon removal or CCUS agreements, and identifying business opportunities with stakeholders in carbon-intensive industries. KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS The Company seeks to meet its strategic goals by continually measuring its success against key performance indicators that drive total stockholder return. In addition to efficient capital allocation and deployment discussed below in the section titled Oil and Gas Segment - Business Strategy , the Company believes its most significant performance indicators are: OPERATIONAL Total spend per barrel - In 2026, the Company will continue our emphasis on controlling total costs from a per-barrel perspective. Total spend per barrel is the sum of capital spending, general and administrative expenses, other operating and non-operating expenses and oil and gas lease operating costs divided by global oil, NGL and natural gas sales volumes. Daily production - the Company seeks to maximize field operability and minimize production down-time. OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 23 table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS FINANCIAL CROCE - CROCE is calculated as (i) the cash flows from operating activities, before changes in working capital, plus distributions from WES classified as investing cash flows, divided by (ii) the average of the opening and closing balances of total equity plus total debt. FCF - FCF is calculated as the cash flows from operating activities, before changes in working capital, less the Company s capital expenditures, net of contributions from noncontrolling interests. Financial Leverage- Reduce debt to achieve metrics consistent with an investment grade credit rating. SUSTAINABILITY AND ENVIRONMENTAL Interim targets to advance the goal of net-zero operational and energy use emissions before 2040, with an ambition to achieve before 2035. Milestones in specific carbon removal and CCUS projects that advance a net-zero total emissions inventory, including use of sold products, with an ambition to achieve before 2050. Facilitate deployment of carbon removal, CCUS and other solutions to advance total carbon impact past 2050. OIL AND GAS SEGMENT BUSINESS STRATEGY The Company s oil and gas segment focuses on long-term value creation in the key performance indicators noted above of total spend per barrel, field operability, daily production, and leadership through our HSE and sustainability initiatives. In each core operating area, the Company s operations benefit from scale, technical expertise, decades of high-margin inventory, HSE leadership and commercial and governmental collaboration. These attributes allow the Company to bring additional production quickly to market, extend the life of mature fields at lower costs and pursue low-cost returns-driven growth opportunities with advanced technology. The Company is one of the largest U.S. producers of liquids, which includes oil and NGL, enabling it to maximize cash margins on a per barrel basis. The Company s robust portfolio, combined with our subsurface characterization expertise and proven ability to execute, support long-term value creation and full-cycle success. The oil and gas segment strives to maximize efficiencies to lower breakeven costs, generate excess free cash flow and maintain low development and operating costs thereby enhancing the full-cycle value of its assets. The oil and gas segment implements the Company s strategy primarily by: Operating and developing areas where reserves are known to exist and optimizing capital intensity in the Permian Basin, Rockies, Gulf of America, and our international locations; Maintaining a disciplined and prudent approach to capital expenditures with a focus on high-return, short and mid-cycle, cash-flow-generating opportunities and an emphasis on creating value and further enhancing the Company s existing positions; Applying the Company s subsurface characterization and technical expertise to both conventional and unconventional resources; Using secondary and tertiary recovery techniques in mature fields and leveraging the Company s EOR position, experience and infrastructure to extend U.S. unconventional resources; and Focusing on cost-reduction efficiencies and innovative technologies to reduce carbon emissions. In 2025, oil and gas capital expenditures, including exploration, were approximately $5.6 billion and primarily focused on the Company s assets in the Permian Basin, DJ Basin, Gulf of America and Oman. OIL AND GAS PRICE ENVIRONMENT Oil and gas prices are the major variables that drive the industry s financial performance. The following table presents the average daily WTI and Brent prices for oil and NYMEX natural gas prices for 2025 and 2024: 2025 2024 % Change WTI Oil ($/Bbl) $ 64.81 $ 75.72 (14) % Brent Oil ($/Bbl) $ 68.18 $ 79.79 (15) % NYMEX Natural Gas ($/Mcf) $ 3.55 $ 2.34 52 % 24 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The following table presents the Company s average realized prices for continuing operations as a percentage of WTI, Brent and NYMEX for 2025 and 2024: 2025 2024 Worldwide oil as a percentage of average WTI 100 % 99 % Worldwide oil as a percentage of average Brent 95 % 94 % Worldwide NGL as a percentage of average WTI 32 % 28 % Worldwide NGL as a percentage of average Brent 30 % 27 % Domestic natural gas as a percentage of NYMEX 45 % 40 % Prices and differentials can vary significantly, even on a short-term basis, making it difficult to predict realized prices with a reliable degree of certainty. DOMESTIC INTERESTS BUSINESS REVIEW The Company conducts its domestic operations through land leases, subsurface mineral rights it owns, or a combination of both. The Company s domestic oil and gas leases have a primary term ranging from one to 10 years, which is extended through the end of production once it commences. The Company has leasehold and mineral interests in 8.9 million net acres, of which approximately 51% is leased, 48% is owned subsurface mineral rights and 1% is owned land with mineral rights. DOMESTIC ASSETS (a) 1. Powder River Basin 2. DJ Basin 3. Permian Basin 4. Gulf of America (a) Map represents geographic outlines of the respective basins. OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 25 table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The Permian Basin The Permian Basin extends throughout West Texas and Southeast New Mexico and is one of the largest and most active oil basins in the United States, accounting for more than 49% of total United States oil production in 2025. In 2025, the Company sustained a leading position in the Permian Basin, producing approximately 10% of the total oil in the basin. The Company s 2025 production in the Permian Basin was 786 Mboe/d. In 2025, the Company invested approximately $3.4 billion of development capital in the Permian Basin. The Company manages its Permian Basin operations through two businesses: Permian Resources, which includes unconventional opportunities, and Permian EOR, which utilizes secondary and tertiary recovery techniques. By exploiting the natural synergies between Permian Resources and Permian EOR, the Company is able to deliver unique short- and long-term advantages, efficiencies and expertise across its Permian Basin operations. The Permian Resources business is focused on developing and producing unconventional reservoir targets using horizontal drilling technology. The development programs are designed to create long-term value from primary development by maximizing the recovery of oil, utilizing sustainable practices and providing strong financial returns. In 2025, Permian Resources prioritized core development areas, focusing on maintaining the industry-leading capital intensity through optimized surface infrastructure and customized well designs. Permian Resources has 1.5 million net acres. In 2025, Permian Resources produced from approximately 6,300 gross wells and added 390 MMboe to the Company s proved reserves through infill development projects and extensions of proved areas. The Permian Basin s concentration of large conventional reservoirs, strong CO 2 flooding performance and the expansive CO 2 transportation and processing infrastructure has resulted in decades of high-value enhanced oil production. With 34 active CO 2 floods and over 50 years of experience, Permian EOR is the industry leader in Permian Basin CO 2 flooding, which can increase ultimate oil recovery by 10% to 25%. Technology improvements, such as the recent trend toward vertical expansion of the CO 2 flooded interval into residual oil zone targets, continue to yield more recovery from existing projects. Significant opportunities also remain to gain additional recovery by expanding the Company s existing CO 2 projects into new portions of reservoirs that have only been waterflooded. Permian EOR has 1.4 million net acres with a large inventory of future CO 2 projects, which could be developed over the next 20 years or accelerated, depending on market conditions. Permian EOR produced from approximately 11,900 gross wells in 2025. Rockies and Other Domestic In 2025, the Company produced 284 Mboe/d and invested capital of approximately $0.8 billion in the Rockies and Other Domestic locations. Production in the DJ Basin is derived from approximately 3,500 gross wells primarily focused in the Niobrara and Codell formations. The DJ Basin comprises approximately 0.5 million total net acres and provides competitive economics, low breakeven costs and free cash flow generation through the Company s contiguous acreage position and royalty uplift. Operations in the DJ Basin are subject to regulations that impose siting requirements, or setback, on certain oil and gas drilli ng locations based on the distance of a proposed well pad to occupied structures. The Company has a dedicated stakeholder relations team that conducts regulatory and community outreach with respect to its permit applications and operations in Colorado with a focus on building trust and fostering open communication with those who live and work near its operations. The Company has established a steady cadence of permit approvals from various agencies, local governments and the ECMC through robust community outreach, protective site selection, thoughtful facility design and planning, and best-in-class measures to mitigate potential impacts from operations. In 2025, the Company submitted Oil and Gas Development Plans comprising approximately 100 wells to the ECMC. As of December 31, 2025, the Company has permits for over 90% of the 2026 drilling schedule and over 45% of the 2027 drilling schedule with the remaining percentage of activity pending regulatory approval or scheduled for submission in 2026. The Company continues to gain efficiencies in the permitting process and will continue to look for additional opportunities to do so in the future. The Company has interests in approximately 0.2 million net acres in the Powder River Basin, mainly located in Converse County and Campbell County, Wyoming. The Powder River Basin contains the Turner, Niobrara, Mowry, Parkman, and Teapot formations that hold both liquids and natural gas and produces from 139 gross wells. The Company holds approximately 4.5 million net acres in other domestic locations, which consist of acreage and fee minerals outside of the Company s core operated areas including parts of Arkansas, Colorado, Louisiana, Texas, West Virginia and Wyoming. OFFSHORE DOMESTIC ASSETS Gulf of America The Company is the fourth-largest oil and gas producer in the deep-water Gulf of America, operating 8 strategically located deep-water floating platforms and producing from 14 active fields while owning a working interest in approximately 230 blocks, covering approximately 0.8 million net acres. In 2025, the Company s Gulf of America production was 132 Mboe/d from 96 gross wells. The Company s focused production management processes and development projects resulted in increased production from the prior year. Operational efficiency focus continued in 2025, with Production Operations and Asset Integrity teams achieving world class highest platform operating efficiencies, with major equipment uptimes of over 99%. 26 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The Company s Gulf of America assets continued to be among the lowest carbon emissions operations in the industry with zero routine flaring and zero cold venting. The Company invested $0.5 billion of development capital in 2025 with a continued strategy of low risk, infill drilling opportunities and accelerated project delivery at its Horn Mountain, Constitution and Lucius facilities. Drilling and well service projects were implemented utilizing two floating drill ships and several service rigs. During 2025, all necessary regulatory permits for new wells and existing operations were obtained timely without any operational delays. As part of its Gulf of America 2.0 program (GOA 2.0), the Company successfully implemented several state-of-the-art artificial lift projects, including down-hole gas-lift and caisson electric submersible pumps at its Horn Mountain platform in 2025, delivering some of the highest margin production in the Company s portfolio. In addition, the Company s asset development and facilities teams began implementation of several GOA 2.0 growth projects to significantly increase recovery from the Company s existing producing oil and gas reservoirs with the first water injection at Marlin planned to be on stream in Summer 2026 and at Horn Mountain in 2027. Several major secondary recovery uplift projects and new horizontal/extended reach well opportunities will continue implementation in 2026 onwards. The Company s Gulf of America operations will conduct both development and exploration activities in 2026 using two floating drill ships and several other well service vessels and will continue to develop and expand its extensive portfolio of lease working interests through its GOA 2.0 program. The following table shows key areas of ongoing development in the Gulf of America, along with the corresponding working interest in those areas. Working Interest Horn Mountain 100 % Holstein 100 % Marlin 100 % Lucius 67 % K2 Complex 51 % Caesar Tonga 34 % Constellation 33 % INTERNATIONAL INTERESTS BUSINESS REVIEW The Company primarily conducts its international operations in two sub-regions: the Middle East and North Africa. Its activities include oil, NGL and natural gas production through direct working interests and PSCs. Under the PSCs, the Company records a share of production and reserves to recover certain development and production costs and an additional share for profit. These contracts do not transfer any right of ownership to the Company and reserves reported from these arrangements are based on the Company s economic interest as defined in the contracts. The Company s share of production and reserves from these contracts decreases when product prices rise and increases when prices decline. Overall, the Company s net economic benefit from these contracts is greater when product prices are higher. OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 27 table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS MIDDLE EAST / NORTH AFRICA ASSETS 1. Algeria 2. Oman 3. Qatar 4. UAE Algeria The Company s interests in Algeria consists of production rights in 18 fields within Blocks 404a and 208, both of which expire in 2048, located in the Berkine Basin in Algeria s Sahara Desert. The Company also owns interests in 3 unitized fields within Blocks 404a and 208 (the Ourhoud Unit, the EMK Unit and the HBN Unit) as well as in 3 processing facilities (the El Merk central processing facility in Block 208 that processes produced oil, NGL and natural gas; and the Hassi Berkine South and Ourhoud central processing facilities in Block 404a that process produced oil). In 2025, net production in Algeria was 28 Mboe/d from 219 gross wells, and annual development capital expenditures were $0.1 billion. Oman In Oman, the Company is the operator of Block 9, Block 27, Block 53 (Mukhaizna Field), Block 62 and Block 65 and has additional interests in Blocks 30, 51 and 72, which are under the exploration phase. The working interest and contract expiration year for each of the respective blocks are shown in the table below. The Company holds 6.0 million gross acres and has 10,000 potential well inventory locations. In 2025, the Company s share of production was 72 Mboe/d. Working Interest Block Expiration (Year) Block 9 50 % 2030 Block 27 65 % 2035 Block 53 47 % 2050 Block 62 100 % 2028 Block 65 51 % 2037 Blocks 30, 51 and 72 100 % Exploration Phase The Company has produced over 853 million gross barrels from Block 9 since the beginning of its operation through successful exploration, continuous drilling improvements and EOR projects. The Mukhaizna Field in Block 53 is a major pattern steam flood project for EOR that utilizes some of the largest mechanical vapor compressors ever built. Since assuming operations in the Mukhaizna Field in 2005, the Company has drilled over 3,600 new wells and has substantially increased production to deliver over 662 million gross barrels, while maintaining a strong commitment to operational excellence, environmental stewardship and community engagement. The Company signed a 15-year contract extension for Block 53 in 2025, which is expected to deliver significant value to all stakeholders. In 2025, the Company invested development capital of $0.4 billion across all of the Oman blocks to drill 120 wells and execute facilities projects to support development and EOR activities. 28 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Qatar In Qatar, the Company partners in the Dolphin Energy Project, an investment that is comprised of two separate economic interests. The Company has a 24.5% interest in the upstream operations to develop and produce NGL, natural gas and condensate from Qatar s North Field through mid-2032. The Company also has a 24.5% interest in Dolphin midstream in the UAE, which operates a pipeline and is discussed further in the midstream and marketing segment section in this Form 10-K under Pipeline. In 2025, the Company s net share of production from Dolphin was 40 Mboe/d. UAE The Company has a 40% participating interest in the Shah gas field (Al Hosn Gas), in conjunction with ADNOC, the UAE s national oil company, which expires in 2041. In 2025, the Company s net share of production from Al Hosn Gas was 283 MMcf/d of natural gas and 42 Mbbl/d of NGL and condensate. Al Hosn Gas includes gas processing facilities which are discussed further in the midstream and marketing segment section in this Form 10-K under Gas Processing, Gathering and CO 2 . In 2019 and 2020, the Company acquired 9-year exploration concessions and, subject to a declaration of commerciality, 35-year production concessions for Onshore Block 3 and Block 5, which cover a combined area of approximately 2.5 million acres, and are adjacent to Al Hosn Gas. In 2023, the Company commenced first oil production in Onshore Block 3. PROVED RESERVES Proved oil, NGL and natural gas reserves were estimated using the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the year, unless prices were defined by contractual arrangements. Oil, NGL and natural gas prices used for this purpose were based on posted benchmark prices and adjusted for price differentials including gravity, quality and transportation costs. The following table shows the 2025, 2024 and 2023 calculated first-day-of-the-month average prices for both WTI and Brent oil prices, as well as the Henry Hub gas and Mt. Belvieu NGL prices: 2025 2024 2023 WTI Oil ($/Bbl) $ 65.34 $ 75.48 $ 78.22 Brent Oil ($/Bbl) $ 68.42 $ 79.65 $ 82.80 Henry Hub Natural Gas ($/MMbtu) $ 3.39 $ 2.13 $ 2.64 Mt. Belvieu NGL ($/Bbl) $ 31.79 $ 33.04 $ 29.94 The Company had proved reserves from continuing operations at year-end 2025 of 4,603 MMboe, compared to the year-end 2024 proved reserves of 4,612 MMboe. Proved developed reserves represented approximately 72% and 69% of the Company s total proved reserves as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The following table shows the Company s proved reserves from continuing operations by commodity as a percentage of total proved reserves: 2025 2024 Oil 47 % 46 % NGL 25 % 27 % Natural gas 28 % 27 % The Company does not have any reserves from non-traditional sources. For further information regarding the Company s proved reserves, see the Supplemental Oil and Gas Information section in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 29 table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS CHANGES IN PROVED RESERVES Changes in the Company s 2025 reserves were as follows: MMboe 2025 Balance beginning of year 4,612 Revisions of previous estimates 161 Improved recovery 60 Extensions and discoveries 340 Purchases 10 Sales (57) Production (523) Balance end of year 4,603 The Company s ability to add reserves, other than through purchases, depends on the success of infill development, extension, discovery and improved recovery projects, each of which depends on reservoir characteristics, technology improvements and oil and natural gas prices, as well as capital and operating costs. Many of these factors are outside management s control and may negatively or positively affect the Company s reserves. Revisions of Previous Estimates Revisions can include upward or downward changes to previous proved reserve estimates for existing fields due to the evaluation or interpretation of geologic, production decline or operating performance data. In addition, product price changes affect proved reserves recorded by the Company. For example, lower prices may decrease the economically recoverable reserves, particularly for domestic properties, because the reduced margin limits the expected life of the operations. Offsetting this effect, lower prices increase the Company s share of proved reserves under PSCs because more oil is required to recover costs. Conversely, when prices rise, the Company s share of proved reserves decreases for PSCs and economically recoverable reserves may increase for other operations. Reserve estimation rules require that estimated ultimate recoveries be much more likely to increase or remain constant than to decrease, as changes are made due to increased availability of technical data. In 2025, the Company s revisions of previous estimates of proved reserves were positive 161 MMboe, which were composed of positive revisions related to additions associated with infill development projects (115 MMboe), changes in economic conditions (131 MMboe), and the Oman contract extension (61 MMboe). The positive revisions were partially offset by negative revisions associated with price revisions (85 MMboe) and updates based on reservoir performance (45 MMboe). Positive revisions related to additions associated with infill development projects of 115 MMboe were mainly in the Permian Basin (54 MMboe) and the DJ Basin (49 MMboe). Positive revisions associated with changes in economic conditions of 131 MMboe were primarily in the Permian Basin (122 MMboe). Negative price revisions of 85 MMboe were primarily associated with the Permian Basin (94 MMboe), which were partially offset by positive price revisions of 7 MMboe on international PSCs. Negative revisions of 45 MMboe associated with updates based on reservoir performance were primarily related to the Permian Basin (66 MMboe), which were partially offset by positive reservoir performance updates in GOA (19 MMboe). Improved Recovery In 2025, the Company added proved reserves of 60 MMboe related to improved recovery in GOA (44 MMboe), Permian EOR (9 MMboe) and Oman (7 MMboe). These properties comprise conventional projects, which are characterized by the deployment of EOR development methods, largely employing application of CO 2 flood, waterflood or steam flood. These types of conventional EOR development methods can be applied through existing wells, though additional drilling is frequently required to fully optimize the development configuration. Waterflooding is the technique of injecting water into the formation to displace the oil to the offsetting oil production wells. The use of either CO 2 or steam flooding depends on the geology of the formation, the evaluation of engineering data, availability and cost of either CO 2 or steam and other economic factors. Both techniques work similarly to lower viscosity, causing the oil to move more easily to the producing wells. Extensions and Discoveries The Company also added proved reserves from extensions and discoveries, which are dependent on successful exploration and exploitation programs. In 2025, extensions and discoveries added 340 MMboe primarily related to the recognition of proved reserves in the Permian Basin (336 MMboe). 30 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Purchases of Proved Reserves In 2025, the Company purchased proved reserves of 10 MMboe consisting of proven reserves in the Permian Basin related to acreage trades. Sales of Proved Reserves In 2025, the Company sold 57 MMboe in proved reserves related to the divestitures of certain non-strategic assets in the Permian Basin and the DJ Basin. Proved Undeveloped Reserves The Company had PUD reserves at year-end 2025 of 1,309 MMboe, compared to the year-end 2024 amount of 1,421 MMboe. Changes in PUD reserves were as follows: MMboe 2025 Balance beginning of year 1,421 Revisions of previous estimates 46 Improved recovery 55 Extensions and discoveries 247 Purchases 1 Sales (23) Transfer to proved developed reserves (438) Balance end of year 1,309 Revisions of previous estimates were a positive 46 MMboe. Approximately 238 MMboe of the positive revisions were associated with updates based on reservoir performance, primarily due to positive performance revisions in the Permian Basin (242 MMboe). Further positive revisions were composed of positive revisions related to additions associated with infill development projects (102 MMboe), changes in economic conditions (16 MMboe), and the Oman contract extension (11 MMboe). The positive revisions were partially offset by negative revisions of 318 MMboe associated with management changes in development plans, mainly in the Permian Basin (314 MMboe). The positive revisions related to additions associated with infill development projects of 102 MMboe were mainly in the Permian Basin (47 MMboe) and the DJ Basin (44 MMboe). Positive revisions associated with changes in economic conditions of 16 MMboe were primarily in the Permian Basin. Extensions and discoveries added 247 MMboe primarily related to the recognition of proved reserves in the Permian Basin (243 MMboe). Total improved recovery additions of 55 MMboe were the result of implementing secondary and tertiary projects in GOA (44 MMboe), Permian EOR (7 MMboe) and Oman (4 MMboe). In 2025, the Company purchased PUD reserves of 1 MMboe consisting of development projects in the Permian Basin related to acreage trades and sold 23 MMboe consisting of development projects primarily related to certain non-strategic assets in the Permian Basin. The 2025 additions to PUD reserves were partially offset by transfers to proved developed reserves of 438 MMboe. The transfers were primarily associated with the Permian Basin (278 MMboe), the DJ Basin (98 MMboe) and GOA (47 MMboe). In 2025, the Company incurred approximately $2.2 billion to convert PUD reserves to proved developed reserves, and converted approximately 31% of its PUD reserves to proved developed, when adjusted for revisions and sales. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had 1,309 MMboe of PUD reserves of which 82% were associated with domestic onshore, 5% with GOA and 13% with international assets. The Company s most active development areas are located in the Permian Basin, which represented 69% of the PUD reserves as of December 31, 2025. Overall, the Company plans to spend approximately $8.4 billion over the next five years to develop its PUD reserves in the Permian Basin. PUD reserves are supported by a five-year detailed field-level development plan, which includes the timing, location and capital commitment of the wells to be drilled. Only PUD reserves which are reasonably certain to be drilled within five years of booking and are supported by a final investment decision to drill them are included in the development plan. A portion of the PUD reserves are expected to be developed beyond the five years and are tied to approved long-term development projects. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had 185 MMboe of pre-2021 PUD reserves that remained undeveloped. These PUD reserves relate to approved long-term development plans, primarily associated with international development projects (168 MMboe) with physical limitations in existing gas processing capacity and related to approved long-term development plans for Permian EOR projects (17 MMboe), also with physical limitations in existing gas processing capacity. The Company remains committed to these projects and continues to actively progress the development of these volumes. OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 31 table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS RESERVES EVALUATION AND REVIEW PROCESS The Company s estimates of proved reserves and associated future net cash flows as of December 31, 2025 were made by the Company s technical personnel and are the responsibility of management. The estimation of proved reserves is based on the requirement of reasonable certainty of economic producibility and funding commitments by the Company to develop the reserves. This process involves reservoir engineers, geoscientists, planning engineers and financial analysts. As part of the proved reserves estimation process, all reserve volumes are estimated by a forecast of production rates, operating costs and capital expenditures. Price differentials between benchmark prices (the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the year) and realized prices and specifics of each operating agreement are then used to estimate the net reserves. Production rate forecasts are derived by a number of methods, including estimates from decline curve analysis, type well profile analysis, computer simulation of the reservoir performance and volumetric analysis calculations that take into account the volumes of substances replacing the volumes produced and associated reservoir pressure changes supported by various technologies including seismic analysis. These reliable field-tested technologies have demonstrated reasonably certain results with consistency and repeatability in the formation being evaluated or in an analogous formation. Operating and capital costs are forecast using the current cost environment applied to expectations of future operating and development activities. Net proved developed reserves are those volumes that are expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods for which the incremental cost of any additional required investment is relatively minor. Net PUD reserves are those volumes that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. PUD reserves are supported by a five-year detailed field-level development plan, which includes the timing, location and capital commitment of the wells to be drilled. The development plan is reviewed and approved annually by senior management and technical personnel. Annually, a detailed review is performed by the Company s Corporate Reserves Group and its technical personnel on a lease-by-lease basis to assess whether PUD reserves are being converted on a timely basis within five years from the initial disclosure date. Any leases not showing timely transfers from PUD reserves to proved developed reserves are reviewed by senior management to determine if the remaining reserves will be developed in a timely manner and have sufficient capital committed in the development plan. Only PUD reserves that are reasonably certain to be drilled within five years of booking and are supported by a final investment decision to drill them are included in the development plan. A portion of the PUD reserves are expected to be developed beyond the five years and are tied to approved long-term development plans. The current Vice President, Reserves for Oxy Oil and Gas is responsible for overseeing the preparation of reserve estimates, in compliance with SEC rules and regulations, including the internal audit and review of the Company s oil and gas reserves data. She has over 24 years of experience in the upstream sector of the exploration and production business and has extensive experience evaluating a variety of assets in basins around the world. She is a past President of the International Executive Committee for the SPEE and a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers. She is a licensed Professional Engineer in the State of Texas and currently serves on the SPEE Reserves Definitions Committee. She has Bachelor of Science degree in chemical engineering from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. The Company has a Reserves Committee, consisting of senior corporate officers, to review and approve the Company s oil and gas reserves. The Reserves Committee reports to the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors during the year. Since 2003, the Company has retained Ryder Scott, independent petroleum engineering consultants, to review its annual oil and gas reserve estimation processes. For additional reserves information, see Supplemental Oil and Gas Information under Item 8 of this Form 10-K. In 2025, Ryder Scott conducted a process review of the methods and analytical procedures utilized by the Company s engineering and geological staff for estimating the proved reserves volumes, preparing the economic evaluations and determining the reserves classifications as of December 31, 2025, in accordance with SEC regulatory standards. Ryder Scott reviewed the specific application of such methods and procedures for selected oil and gas properties considered to be a valid representation of the Company s 2025 year-end total proved reserves portfolio. In 2025, Ryder Scott reviewed approximately 39% of the Company s proved oil and gas reserves. Since being engaged in 2003, Ryder Scott has reviewed the specific application of the Company s reserve estimation methods and procedures for approximately 97% of the Company s existing proved oil and gas reserves. Management retained Ryder Scott to provide objective third-party input on its methods and procedures and to gather industry information applicable to the Company s reserve estimation and reporting process. Ryder Scott has not been engaged to render an opinion as to the reasonableness of reserves quantities reported by the Company. The Company has filed Ryder Scott s independent report as an exhibit to this Form 10-K. Based on its reviews, including the data, technical processes and interpretations presented by the Company, Ryder Scott has concluded that the overall procedures and methodologies the Company utilized in estimating the proved reserves volumes, preparing the economic evaluations and determining the reserves classifications for the reviewed properties are appropriate for the purpose thereof and comply with current SEC regulations. OUTLOOK The oil and gas exploration and production industry remains highly competitive and is subject to significant volatility due to various market conditions, with operations highly dependent on oil prices and, to a lesser extent, NGL and natural gas 32 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS prices. In 2025, compared to 2024, the average daily price per barrel of WTI crude decreased to $64.81 from $75.72, the average daily Brent price per barrel decreased to $68.18 from $79.79 and the average daily NYMEX natural gas price per MMcf increased to $3.55 from $2.34. Oil prices will continue to be affected by: (i) global supply and demand, which are generally a function of global economic conditions, inventory levels, production or supply chain disruptions, technological advances, regional market conditions and the actions of OPEC, other significant producers and governments; (ii) transportation capacity, infrastructure constraints, and associated costs in producing areas; (iii) currency exchange rates and inflation; and (iv) the impact of these variables on market sentiment. It is expected that the price of oil will be volatile for the foreseeable future given the ongoing geopolitical risks, the evolving macro-economic environment and supply activity from OPEC and non-OPEC oil producing countries. The Company does not operate or own assets in either Russia or Ukraine, or in the immediate vicinity of ongoing conflicts in the Middle East. NGL pricing is influenced by the supply and demand for the individual components of these liquids. Some are closely tied to oil prices, while others are affected by natural gas prices and the demand for chemical products that use NGLs as feedstock. In addition, regional infrastructure constraints continue to amplify pricing volatility. Domestic natural gas prices and local differentials are primarily driven by local supply and demand fundamentals, government regulations, global LNG demand and transportation capacity from producing areas. International gas prices are generally fixed under long-term contracts. These and other factors make it difficult to reliably forecast oil, NGL and domestic gas prices. For its current capital plan, the Company will continue to focus on allocating capital to high-return assets with the flexibility to adapt to market conditions including commodity price fluctuations, supply chain constraints, tariffs, higher interest rates, global logistics and persistent inflation, all of which disrupt global supply and demand balances. The Company s objective is to deliver our free cash flow needs without impacting operational performance. The timing, process and ultimate cost of transitioning to a less carbon-intensive economy remain largely uncertain; various industry forecasts indicate a growing demand for hydrocarbons for the next decade. The Company believes its operational flexibility to achieve low development and operating costs to maximize full-cycle value of its assets and its knowledge and experience in CO 2 separation, transportation, use, recycling and storage position its oil and gas segment for opportunities to lower carbon intensity. OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 33 table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS MIDSTREAM AND MARKETING SEGMENT BUSINESS STRATEGY The midstream and marketing segment strives to maximize value by optimizing the use of its gathering, processing, transportation, storage and terminal commitments and by providing the oil and gas segment access to domestic and international markets. To generate returns, the segment evaluates opportunities across the value chain and uses its assets to provide services to Occidental s subsidiaries, as well as third parties. The midstream and marketing segment operates or contracts for services on gathering systems, gas plants, and storage facilities and invests in entities that conduct similar activities. This segment also seeks to minimize the costs of gas and power used in the Company s operations. Also included in the midstream and marketing segment is OLCV. OLCV seeks to leverage the Company s experience with carbon management in EOR. OLCV invests in emerging low-carbon technologies that are expected to reduce the Company s carbon footprint and ensure the long-term sustainability of the Company s principal business, and enable others to do the same. Capital is employed to sustain or expand assets to improve the competitiveness of the Company s business. In 2025, capital expenditures related to the midstream and marketing segment totaled $720 million, before contributions from noncontrolling interests, the majority of which were related to the construction of STRATOS. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT Midstream and marketing segment earnings are primarily affected by the performance of its marketing, gathering and transportation business, as well as its gas processing business. The marketing business aggregates, markets and stores Company and third-party volumes. Marketing performance is affected primarily by commodity price changes and margins in oil and gas transportation and storage programs. The marketing business results can experience significant volatility depending on commodity prices and the Midland-to-Gulf-Coast oil spreads and Waha-to-Gulf-Coast gas spreads. The Midland-to-Gulf-Coast oil spreads have decreased to an average of $0.30 per barrel in 2025 from an average of $0.49 per barrel in 2024. The Waha-to-Gulf-Coast gas spreads have increased to an average of $2.21 per MMbtu in 2025 from an average of $1.49 per MMbtu in 2024. Gas gathering, processing and transportation results are affected by fluctuations in commodity prices and the volumes that are processed and transported through the segment s plants, as well as the margins obtained on related services from investments in which the Company has an equity interest. Excluding items affecting comparability, midstream and marketing s results in 2025, compared to 2024, were impacted by higher sulfur prices at Al Hosn, higher Waha-to-Gulf-Coast gas spreads, and lower long-haul crude transportation costs, partially offset by higher losses from equity method investees and higher expenses due to the increase in OLCV activities. BUSINESS REVIEW MARKETING The marketing group markets substantially all of the Company s oil, NGL and natural gas production and optimizes its transportation and storage capacity. The Company s third-party marketing activities focus on purchasing oil, NGL and natural gas for resale from parties whose oil and gas supply is located near its transportation and storage capacity. These purchases allow the Company to aggregate volumes to better utilize and optimize its assets. DELIVERY AND TRANSPORTATION COMMITMENTS The Company has made long-term commitments to certain refineries and other buyers to deliver oil, NGL and natural gas. The total amount contracted to be delivered is approximately 74 MMbbl of oil through 2026, 693 MMbbl of NGL through 2034 and 545 Bcf of gas through 2029. The price for these deliveries is set at the time of delivery of the product. The Company has crude pipeline take-or-pay capacity of approximately 750 Mbbl/d to the Gulf Coast, leased crude storage capacity of approximately 9 MMbbl and capacity at the crude terminal of approximately 525 Mbbl/d. PIPELINE The Company s pipeline business mainly consists of its 24.5% ownership interest in DEL. DEL owns and operates a 230-mile-long, 48-inch-diameter natural gas pipeline, known as the Dolphin Pipeline, which transports dry natural gas from Qatar to the UAE and Oman. The Dolphin Pipeline has capacity to transport up to 3.2 Bcf/d and currently transports approximately 2.0 Bcf/d and up to 2.2 Bcf/d in the summer months. GAS PROCESSING, GATHERING AND CO 2 The Company processes its own and third-party domestic wet gas to extract NGL and other gas byproducts, including CO 2 , and delivers dry gas to pipelines. Margins primarily result from the difference between inlet costs of wet gas and market prices for NGL. 34 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS WES is a publicly traded limited partnership with its limited partner units traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol WES. As of December 31, 2025, the Company owned all of the 2.2% non-voting general partner interest, 40.6% of the WES limited partner units, and a 2% non-voting limited partner interest in WES Operating, a subsidiary of WES. As of December 31, 2025, the Company s combined share of net income from WES and its subsidiaries was 43.1%. In February 2026, in connection with certain contract amendments, the Company transferred 15.3 million units to WES; after this transfer, the combined share of net income in WES and its subsidiaries is 40.9%. Se e Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information regarding the Company s equity method investment in WES. WES owns gathering systems, plants and pipelines and earns revenue from fee-based and service-based contracts with the Company and third parties. The Company s 40% participating interest in Al Hosn Gas also includes sour gas processing facilities that are designed to process 1.45 Bcf/d of natural gas and separate it into salable gas, condensate, NGL and sulfur. In 2025, the Al Hosn Gas processing facilities produced 13,000 tons per day of sulfur, of which the Company s net share was 5,200 tons per day of sulfur . LOW-CARBON VENTURES OLCV capitalizes on the Company s extensive experience in utilizing CO 2 in its development of CCUS projects and providing services to third parties to facilitate the implementation of their CCUS projects. Moreover, OLCV fosters emerging technologies, including DAC and low-emissions power sources, and other business models with the potential to position the Company as a leader in the production of lower carbon intensity energy and products. The Company expects to begin sequestering CO 2 captured at STRATOS, the first commercial-scale direct air capture facility in Ector County, Texas, in 2026. The Company holds permits for Class VI CO 2 injection wells in support of STRATOS. The Company has a joint venture agreement with BlackRock, through a fund managed by its Diversified Infrastructure business, for the development of STRATOS. See Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. OLCV has acquired access to over 0.3 million acres of pore space to date, and has continued to pursue permits for Class VI CO 2 injection wells with the intention of developing additional sequestration hubs. OLCV continues to explore a number of projects to capture and sequester CO 2 , either from the atmosphere or from industrial point sources. The profitability of sequestration projects is dependent upon the costs of developing, building and operating sequestration infrastructure, demand for sequestration services from emitters and the availability of certain tax attributes and credits generated from the capture and storage of CO 2 . The Company owns a 40.3% interest in NET Power Inc., an energy technology company focused on delivering low-carbon gas power solutions. NET Power is currently traded on the NYSE under the symbol NPWR. OUTLOOK Midstream and marketing segment results can experience volatility depending on commodity price changes, demand impacting export sales, the Midland-to-Gulf-Coast oil spreads and Waha-to-Gulf-Coast gas spreads. Gas gathering, processing and transportation results are affected by fluctuations in commodity prices and the volumes that are processed and transported through the segment s plants, as well as the margins obtained on related services from investments in which the Company has an equity interest. OLCV is affected by elements of supply chain and economy-wide cost increases that could increase the cost of sequestration. In addition, there is still uncertainty around recent legislation, such as the IRA and OBBBA, for certain tax credits related to low carbon businesses. For more information refer to the heading Income T axes below. OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 35 table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS SEGMENT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND ITEMS AFFECTING COMPARABILITY SEGMENT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Segment earnings exclude income taxes, interest income, interest expense, environmental remediation expenses, unallocated corporate expenses and discontinued operations, but include gains and losses from divestitures of segment assets and income from segment equity investments. Seasonality is not a primary driver of changes in the Company s consolidated quarterly earnings during the year. The following table sets forth the sales and earnings of each operating segment and corporate items for the years ended December 31: millions, except per share amounts 2025 2024 2023 NET SALES (a,b) Oil and gas $ 20,902 $ 21,705 $ 21,284 Midstream and marketing 1,279 886 2,433 Eliminations (588) (572) (561) Total $ 21,593 $ 22,019 $ 23,156 SEGMENT RESULTS AND EARNINGS (b) Domestic $ 3,192 $ 3,715 $ 4,822 International 1,643 1,774 1,859 Exploration (249) (275) (441) Oil and gas 4,586 5,214 6,240 Midstream and marketing 252 563 (35) Total $ 4,838 $ 5,777 $ 6,205 Unallocated corporate items Interest expense, net (1,079) (1,169) (957) Income tax expense (1,021) (1,158) (1,330) Other (631) (584) (586) Income from continuing operations $ 2,107 $ 2,866 $ 3,332 Discontinued operations, net 262 212 1,364 Net income 2,369 3,078 4,696 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (43) (22) Less: Preferred stock dividends and redemption premiums (679) (679) (923) Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 1,647 $ 2,377 $ 3,773 Net income attributable to common stockholders basic $ 1.65 $ 2.59 $ 4.22 Net income attributable to common stockholders diluted $ 1.61 $ 2.44 $ 3.90 (a) Intersegment sales eliminate upon consolidation and are generally made at prices approximating those that the selling entity would be able to obtain in third-party transactions. (b) Sales and net results related to the OxyChem Transaction are reflected in discontinued operations, net. 36 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ITEMS AFFECTING COMPARABILITY OIL AND GAS SEGMENT Results of Operations millions 2025 2024 2023 Segment Sales $ 20,902 $ 21,705 $ 21,284 Segment Results (a) Domestic $ 3,192 $ 3,715 $ 4,822 International 1,643 1,774 1,859 Exploration (249) (275) (441) Total $ 4,586 $ 5,214 $ 6,240 Items affecting comparability Gains (losses) on sales of assets and other, net - domestic (b) $ (99) $ (585) $ 142 Legal reserves and other (c) $ (105) $ (54) $ 26 Asset impairments and related items - domestic (d) $ (6) $ (334) $ (209) Gain on sales of assets and other, net - international $ 30 $ $ 25 (a) Results included significant items affecting comparability discussed in the footnotes below. (b) The 2024 amount included $572 million of losses primarily related to the sale of non-core onshore U.S. assets. The 2023 amount included gains on sales primarily related to certain non-strategic assets in the Permian Basin of $142 million. (c) The 2025 amount included additions to legal reserves and inventory adjustments. (d) The 2024 amount included a pre-tax impairment of $334 million related to certain wells in the Gulf of America whose future net cash inflows did not indicate that the asset value is recoverable. The 2023 amount included a pre-tax impairment of $180 million related to undeveloped acreage in the northern non-core area of the Powder River Basin where the Company decided not to pursue future exploration and appraisal activities as well as a $29 million impairment related to an equity method investment in Black Butte Coal Company. Domestic oil and gas results, excluding significant items affecting comparability, decreased in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily due to lower realized oil prices, partially offset by higher oil volumes, largely driven by a full year of production in 2025 related to the CrownRock Acquisition, which closed in August 2024, and higher realized domestic gas prices. International oil and gas results, excluding significant items affecting comparability, decreased in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily due to lower oil and NGL prices, partially offset by higher oil volumes. Average Realized Prices The following table sets forth the average realized prices for oil, NGL and natural gas from ongoing operations for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and includes a year-over-year change calculation: 2025 Year over Year Change 2024 Year over Year Change 2023 Average Realized Prices Oil ($/Bbl) United States $ 64.01 (14)% $ 74.62 (2)% $ 76.42 International $ 67.93 (12)% $ 77.46 (2)% $ 79.03 Total worldwide $ 64.60 (14)% $ 75.05 (2)% $ 76.85 NGL ($/Bbl) United States $ 19.96 (3)% $ 20.48 1% $ 20.19 International $ 25.43 (9)% $ 28.00 (5)% $ 29.35 Total worldwide $ 20.60 (4)% $ 21.38 % $ 21.32 Natural Gas ($/Mcf) United States $ 1.58 68% $ 0.94 (54)% $ 2.04 International $ 1.89 % $ 1.89 1% $ 1.88 Total worldwide $ 1.65 40% $ 1.18 (41)% $ 2.00 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 37 table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Realized Price and Sales Volume Variance The following table presents an analysis of the impacts of changes in average realized prices and sales volumes with regard to the Company s domestic and international oil and gas revenue: Increase (Decrease) Related to millions Year ended December 31, 2024 (a) Price Realizations Net Sales Volumes Year ended December 31, 2025 (a) United States Revenue Oil $ 15,604 $ (2,386) $ 1,241 $ 14,459 NGL 1,865 (21) 53 $ 1,897 Natural gas 514 498 5 $ 1,017 Total $ 17,983 $ (1,909) $ 1,299 $ 17,373 International Revenue Oil $ 2,940 $ (330) $ 105 $ 2,715 NGL 390 (34) (4) 352 Natural gas 361 3 (12) 352 Total $ 3,691 $ (361) $ 89 $ 3,419 (a) Results excluded other oil and gas revenue. See Note 2 - Revenue in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding other revenue. Production The following table sets forth the production volumes of oil, NGL and natural gas per day for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and includes a year-over-year change calculation: Production per Day (Mboe/d) 2025 Year over Year Change 2024 Year over Year Change 2023 United States Permian 786 18 % 664 14 % 584 Rockies Other Domestic 284 (8) % 310 14 % 271 Gulf of America 132 6 % 125 (14) % 145 Total 1,202 9 % 1,099 10 % 1,000 International Algeria Other International 31 (3) % 32 (9) % 35 Al Hosn Gas 89 (2) % 91 10 % 83 Dolphin 40 3 % 39 % 39 Oman 72 9 % 66 % 66 Total 232 2 % 228 2 % 223 Total Production (Mboe/d) (a) 1,434 8 % 1,327 9 % 1,223 (a) Natural gas volumes have been converted to Boe based on energy content of six Mcf of gas to one barrel of oil. Boe equivalence does not necessarily result in price equivalence. Please refer to the Supplemental Oil and Gas Information (unaudited) section of this Form 10-K for additional information on oil and gas production and sales. Average daily production volumes increased by 8% in 2025, compared to 2024. The increase in production was primarily driven by a full year of production in 2025 related to the CrownRock Acquisition, which closed in August 2024. Lease Operating Expense The following table sets forth the average lease operating expense per Boe for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025: 2025 2024 2023 Average lease operating expense per Boe $ 8.94 $ 9.75 $ 10.48 38 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Average lease operating expense per Boe decreased in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily due to operational efficiencies in the Permian Basin and lower energy costs in Oman. MIDSTREAM AND MARKETING SEGMENT millions 2025 2024 2023 Segment Sales $ 1,279 $ 886 $ 2,433 Segment Results (a) $ 252 $ 563 $ (35) Items affecting comparability Gains on sales of assets and other, net (b) $ 301 $ 647 $ 51 Equity method investments fair value gains $ 61 $ 27 $ Derivative losses, net $ (29) $ (32) $ (14) Asset impairments and other charges, net (c) $ (487) $ (21) $ (60) Acquisition-related costs (d) $ $ $ (20) Carbon Engineering fair value gain (d) $ $ $ 283 (a) Results included significant items affecting comparability discussed in the footnotes below. (b) The 2025 amount included a gain of $301 million resulting from pro-rata ownership reduction in WES following an acquisition by WES. The 2024 and 2023 amounts included gains on sale of $489 million and $51 million, respectively, from the sales of 19.5 million and 5.1 million limited partner units in WES, respectively. The 2024 amount also included $158 million of income from equity investments and other related to the Company s share of WES gains on its asset divestitures. (c) The 2025, 2024 and 2023 amounts primarily included the Company s proportionate amounts from impairments and other charges recorded by its equity method investees. (d) The 2023 amount included a gain of $283 million from the remeasurement of the noncontrolling interest held prior to the Carbon Engineering acquisition to fair value and acquisition-related costs of $20 million. Midstream and marketing segment results, excluding items affecting comparability, increased in 2025, compared to 2024, due to higher sulfur prices at Al Hosn, higher gas margins from transportation capacity optimization in the Permian Basin, and lower long-haul crude transportation costs, partially offset by higher losses from equity method investees and higher expenses related to the increase in OLCV activities. CORPORATE Significant corporate items include the following: millions 2025 2024 2023 Items Affecting Comparability Acquisition-related costs (a) $ (13) $ (150) $ (6) Early retirement plan $ (39) $ $ Early debt extinguishment $ 20 $ $ Gains on sales of assets and other, net $ $ 48 $ (a) The 2024 amount included $66 million of financing costs related to the CrownRock Acquisition and the remaining amounts were related to CrownRock transaction costs. The 2023 amount related to costs incurred for the CrownRock Acquisition. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS Significant discontinued operations items include the following: millions 2025 2024 2023 Discontinued operations, net of taxes $ 262 $ 212 $ 1,364 Items Affecting Comparability (a) $ (283) $ (622) $ 204 (a) The 2025 amount included a one-time foreign income tax charge of $101 million and adjustments to legal reserves of $142 million, net of taxes. The 2024 amount included $725 million, net of taxes, related to an increase in the DASS environmental remediation reserve retained in the OxyChem Transaction, partially offset by a gain of $182 million, net of taxes, resulting from a legal settlement related to the Andes Arbitration. The 2023 amount related to a $204 million, net of taxes, remeasurement of the valuation allowance established against the Company s claims against Maxus. Refer to Note 11 - E n vironmental Liabilities an d Expen d itures and Note 12 - Law suits, Claims, Commitments and Con tingencies for additional details . CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 39 table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME ITEMS millions 2025 2024 2023 Net sales $ 21,593 $ 22,019 $ 23,156 Interest, dividends and other income $ 219 $ 192 $ 153 Gains (losses) on sales of assets and other, net $ 263 $ (16) $ 522 NET SALES Revenue declined from 2024 to 2025, primarily as a result of lower crude oil prices in the oil and gas segment, partially offset by increased sales volumes due to a full year of production in 2025 related to the CrownRock Acquisition, which closed in August 2024, and higher domestic natural gas prices. Additionally, midstream and marketing revenue improved year over year due to higher sulfur prices at Al Hosn and enhanced natural gas margins. GAINS (LOSSES) ON SALES OF ASSETS AND OTHER, NET Gains (losses) on sales of assets and other, net increased from 2024 to 2025, primarily as a result of a gain of $301 million from a fourth quarter pro-rata ownership reduction in WES following an acquisition by WES . EXPENSE ITEMS millions 2025 2024 2023 Oil and gas operating expense $ 4,681 $ 4,738 $ 4,677 Transportation and gathering expense $ 1,660 $ 1,608 $ 1,481 Purchased commodities and midstream cost of sales $ 176 $ 431 $ 2,116 Selling, general and administrative $ 986 $ 960 $ 987 Other operating and non-operating expense $ 1,556 $ 1,319 $ 1,165 Taxes other than on income $ 1,030 $ 1,039 $ 1,087 Depreciation, depletion and amortization $ 7,533 $ 6,951 $ 6,449 Asset impairments and other charges $ 60 $ 356 $ 209 Acquisition-related costs $ 13 $ 84 $ 26 Exploration expense $ 249 $ 275 $ 441 Interest and debt expense, net $ 1,079 $ 1,169 $ 957 PURCHASED COMMODITIES AND MIDSTREAM COST OF SALES Purchased commodities and midstream cost of sales decreased in 2025, compared to 2024, due to certain crude supply contracts which expired in 2024. OTHER OPERATING AND NON-OPERATING EXPENSE Other operating and non-operating expense increased in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily due to higher compensation costs, adjustments to legal reserves, and increased research and development activities. DEPRECIATION, DEPLETION, AND AMORTIZATION Depreciation, depletion and amortization increased in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily related to increased sales volumes due to a full year of production in 2025 related to the CrownRock Acquisition, which closed in August 2024. ASSET IMPAIRMENTS AND OTHER CHARGES Asset impairments in 2024 included $334 million related to certain wells in the Gulf of America whose future net cash inflows did not indicate that the asset value is recoverable. OTHER ITEMS Income (expense) millions 2025 2024 2023 Income from equity investments and other $ 76 $ 759 $ 426 Income tax expense $ (1,021) $ (1,158) $ (1,330) Discontinued operations, net $ 262 $ 212 $ 1,364 40 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS INCOME FROM EQUITY INVESTMENTS AND OTHER Income from equity investments and other decreased in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily due to the Company s proportionate amount of impairments and other charges recorded by its equity method investees. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS, NET Discontinued operations, net for all periods presented resulted from the OxyChem Transaction that closed on January 2, 2026. See Note 4 - Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Transactions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional details. Discontinued operations, net in 2024 also included a gain of $182 million, net of taxes, from the Andes Arbitration final legal settlement. See Note 4 - Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Transactions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional details. Select results for discontinued operations are reflected in the following table: millions 2025 2024 2023 Income before income taxes $ 495 $ 285 $ 1,767 Income tax expense (233) (73) (403) Income from discontinued operations, net of tax $ 262 $ 212 $ 1,364 Effective tax rate 47 % 26 % 23 % Income before income taxes increased in 2025, compared to 2024, due to a 2024 pre-tax charge related to the DASS environmental remediation reserve of $925 million, partially offset by a gain of $239 million from the Andes Arbitration legal settlement in 2024 and lower chemical sales and higher raw material costs in 2025. Income taxes and the effective tax rate for discontinued operations increased from 2024 to 2025 primarily due to international tax charges as a result of the OxyChem Transaction. OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 41 table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS INCOME TAXES Total deferred tax assets, after valuation allowance, were $2.6 billion and $2.4 billion as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The Company expects to realize the recorded deferred tax assets, net of any allowances, through future operating income and reversal of temporary differences. The total deferred tax liabilities were $8.2 billion and $7.7 billion as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. See Note 9 - Income Taxes in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional details. WORLDWIDE EFFECTIVE TAX RATE The following table sets forth the calculation of the worldwide effective tax rate for income from continuing operations: millions 2025 2024 2023 Income from continuing operations before taxes $ 3,128 $ 4,024 $ 4,662 Income tax benefit (expense) Federal and state (437) (586) (588) Foreign (584) (572) (742) Total income tax expense (1,021) (1,158) (1,330) Income from continuing operations $ 2,107 $ 2,866 $ 3,332 Worldwide effective tax rate 33% 29% 28% The Company s worldwide effective tax rate in 2025, 2024 and 2023 was higher than the U.S. statutory rate of 21% and primarily driven by the Company s jurisdictional mix of income from continuing operations, where international income is subject to tax at statutory rates as high as 55%. The reclassification of OxyChem, which is primarily domestic, to discontinued operations increased this impact. LEGAL ENTITY REORGANIZATION The IRS is currently reviewing the legal entity reorganization transaction as part of the Company s 2022 federal tax audit. Following the acquisition of Anadarko and related divestitures, the Company reorganized its legal entities to better align with the nature of its business activities. This reorganization resulted in the Company making an adjustment to the tax basis in a portion of its operating assets, reducing deferred tax liabilities and recording a $2.7 billion tax benefit in 2022. RECENT TAX LEGISLATION The OBBBA was enacted on July 4, 2025 and introduced provisions expected to benefit the Company including accelerated depreciation for newly acquired and constructed assets, favorable adjustments to interest expense limitation, immediate deduction of research and development costs, and increased tax credit values for qualified CO 2 projects. In accordance with ASC 740, the financial statement impact of the OBBBA was recognized beginning in the third quarter of 2025. The OECD Pillar Two initiative proposes to apply a 15% global minimum tax on multinational entities, applied on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis. Several countries, including European Union member states, Canada and Oman, have enacted or are in the process of enacting legislation aligned with all or portions of Pillar Two. The Company continues to monitor and assess the impact of new OECD Pillar Two administrative guidance and Pillar Two compliant legislation proposed or enacted in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. Based on developments to date, the Company does not anticipate any significant impact on the Company s results of operations or cash flows from the enactment of Pillar Two legislation. 42 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES SOURCES AND USES OF CASH The Company currently expects its operational cash flows and cash on hand to be sufficient to meet its current debt maturities and other obligations for the next 12 months from the date of this filing. As of December 31, 2025, the Company s sources of liquidity included $2.0 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $4.15 billion of borrowing capacity under its RCF. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, but before the date of this filing, the Company used proceeds from the OxyChem Transaction to pay or satisfy and discharge the remaining balance of the term loan of $1.3 billion, current maturities of $270 million, and long-term maturities of $3.8 billion, leaving principal debt outstanding of $15 billion. Following these repayments, $24 million is due in 2026, $48 million in 2027, $14 million in 2028, $367 million in 2029 and $14.6 billion due in 2030 and thereafter. The Company s RCF expires on June 30, 2028, and has a borrowing capacity of $4.15 billion. There were no borrowings outstanding on the Company s RCF as of December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2025, and through the date of this filing, the Company was in compliance with all covenants in its financing agreements. The Company s planned 2026 capital expenditures are between $5.5 billion and $5.9 billion. The Company is party to various purchase agreements that are not accounted for as leases or otherwise accrued as liabilities as of December 31, 2025. These agreements consist primarily of obligations to secure terminal, pipeline and processing capacity, purchase services used in the normal course of business including transporting and disposing of produced water, purchase goods used in oil and gas production and agreements relating to equipment maintenance and service. Refer to the line item Purchase Obligations in the table below under Contractual Obligations for the amounts that will be paid for such outstanding off-balance sheet purchase obligations from 2025 and thereafter. CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS The following table summarizes and cross-references the Company s contractual obligations and indicates on- and off-balance sheet obligations as of December 31, 2025. Commitments related to discontinued operations and liabilities of held for sale assets are excluded. millions Payments Due by Year Total 2026 2027 and 2028 2029 and 2030 2031 and thereafter On-Balance Sheet Current portion of long-term debt (Note 5) $ 1,575 $ 1,575 $ $ $ Long-term debt (Note 5) (a) 18,852 2,411 4,373 12,068 Expected interest payments on debt (b) 11,616 1,213 2,197 1,884 6,322 Leases (Note 6) (c) 2,212 635 893 390 294 Asset retirement obligations (Note 1) 4,553 381 535 677 2,960 Other long-term liabilities (d) 3,057 702 244 2,111 Off-Balance Sheet Purchase obligations (e) 12,617 3,038 4,699 2,627 2,253 Total $ 54,482 $ 6,842 $ 11,437 $ 10,195 $ 26,008 (a) Excluded unamortized debt premium, net, debt issuance costs and interest. (b) As noted above, the Company has repaid or otherwise discharged $5.4 billion subsequent to December 31, 2025. Taking into account these debt repayments, expected interest payments on debt would be $934 million in 2026, $1.9 billion in 2027 and 2028, $1.8 billion in 2029 and 2030, and $6.3 billion in 2031 and thereafter, for a total of $10.9 billion. (c) The Company is the lessee under various agreements for real estate, equipment, plants and facilities. (d) Included long-term obligations under postretirement benefits, accrued transportation commitments, ad valorem taxes and other accrued liabilities. (e) Amounts included payments which will become due under long-term agreements to purchase goods and services used in the normal course of business including, but not limited to, capital commitments to secure terminal, pipeline and processing capacity, CO 2, drilling rigs and services, electrical power and non-lease components. Amounts excluded certain product purchase obligations related to marketing activities for which there are no minimum purchase requirements or the amounts are not fixed or determinable. Long-term purchase contracts were discounte d at a 5.44% discount rate. OXY 2025 FORM 10-K 43 table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS GUARANTEES The Company has entered into various commitments, indemnities and guarantees provided by the Company to third parties, mainly to provide assurance that the Company or its consolidated subsidiaries or affiliates will meet their various obligations. In addition, the Company has entered into certain covenants, indemnities and guarantees related to the OxyChem Transaction. See Note 4 - Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Transactions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional details. As of the date of this filing, the Company has provided required financial assurance through a combination of cash, letters of credit and surety bonds. The Company has not issued any letters of credit under the RCF or other committed facilities. For additional information, see Risk Factors in Part I Item 1A of this Form 10-K. CASH FLOW ANALYSIS CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES millions 2025 2024 2023 Operating cash flow from continuing operations $ 9,606 $ 10,519 $ 10,235 Operating cash flow from discontinued operations 926 920 2,073 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 10,532 $ 11,439 $ 12,308 Continuing Operations Cash flow provided by operating activities from continuing operations decreased in 2025, compared to 2024, primarily driven by higher use of cash in working capital related to higher tax payments in 2025, as certain 2024 tax payments were deferred into 2025 under the federal disaster relief program following 2024 Hurricane Beryl, and timing of payments for accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Discontinued Operations Cash flow provided by operating activities from discontinued operations was $926 million, $920 million and $2.1 billion in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, primarily due to chemical segment income. In addition, the 2024 amount included a gain of $239 million from the Andes Arbitration legal settlement. CASH USED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES millions 2025 2024 2023 Capital expenditures Oil and gas $ (5,615) $ (5,320) $ (4,960) Midstream and marketing (720) (869) (641) Corporate (92) (74) (95) Total $ (6,427) $ (6,263) $ (5,696) Changes in capital accrual 32 100 (22) Purchase of businesses, assets and equity investments, net (280) (9,117) (713) Proceeds from sale of assets and equity investments, net 2,278 1,673 447 Other investing activities, net (286) (214) (479) Investing cash flow from continuing operations $ (4,683) $ (13,821) $ (6,463) Investing cash flow from discontinued operations (1,116) (769) (517) Net cash used by investing activities $ (5,799) $ (14,590) $ (6,980) Continuing Operations Cash flow used by investing activities from continuing operations decreased by $9.1 billion in 2025 compared to 2024, The decrease was primarily attributable to the cash portion of the CrownRock Acquisition, which was paid in 2024. Capital expenditures of $6.4 billion in 2025 were primarily related to continued development in the oil and gas segment, which included $3.4 billion related to the Permian Basin, $0.8 billion related to the Rockies, $0.5 billion related to GOA and the remainder to international locations. In 2024, capital expenditures of $6.3 billion were primarily related to development in 44 OXY 2025 FORM 10-K table of contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS the oil and gas segment, which included $3.1 billion related to the Permian Basin, $0.9 billion related to the Rockies, $0.8 billion related to GOA, and the remainder to international locations. Midstream capital expenditures were primarily related to the completion of central processing facilities and continued work on Trains 3 and 4 at STRATOS. The Company purchased $280 million of assets in 2025 primarily related to oil and gas properties, compared to $9.1 billion in 2024 of which $8.8 billion was related to the CrownRock Acquisition. In 2025, the Company sold non-core assets for $2.3 billion, which included working interests in the Permian Basin for proceeds of approximately $800 million, non-operated proved and unproved royalty and mineral interests in the DJ Basin for proceeds of approximately $840 million and certain gas gathering assets in the Permian Basin for approximately $580 million. In 2024, the Company sold non-core assets in the Powder River Basin with near- to intermediate-term lease expirations and certain Delaware Basin assets in Texas and New Mexico for combined net proceeds